Get here early enough to have dinner.
Good overall. Not too expensive and great location near highway entrance...easy on easy off. Good service.
Good service. Good concierge lounge with good dessert at night. Good location.
Just an overnight for work. The lounge and top management are great. Recommended!
The service provided by some here is truly exemplary @marriottintl, especially Gabriella who works in the dining area. #Recommended
Get here by noon if you want the ribs!
Lobby looks nice
Check out the fan sports radio with joe Starkey and chris Mueller on many penguin game days for pre-game live broadcast fun.  Ask Greg for game day drink specials!
Try their special Strawberry and lemonade vodka for $5!  Summer special.
Check out Cambria suites for big concerts and hockey Games for drinks specials and pre-concert fan friendly mixes for the show!  The bartender, Greg, is very nice and mixes tasty drinks and knows the best restaurants, clubs, and sports bars.
Giant 4 player PAC man battle
Yelp's Townhall meeting w/ the Scottsdale Chamber.
Great massage client here tonight!  Done with work, time to Party!
Phoenician Rising III is about to commence.  Yoga, outside, on the lawn, with Camelback in the background.
Sugahbeats is Jammin'!
On the rooftop for Georgie's Bday, a masquerade gala with great tunes, views & company.
Yoga w/ @lululemon & wine.
Yoga poolside at sunset...
Yoga, poolside, John Salisbury, lululemon.  Need I say more?
Poolside yoga...
Spa meeting, kombucha & gelato.  Best meeting @joyaspa yet.
Yoga, sunset, pool, fireworks and fun!
Run far far away!
Found cockroach in bathroom. Extremely grossed out.
I love Caesars palace.  Place is insane huge
Try the house made Lemoncello as an after dinner aperitif at Monk's bar at the Priory.
The main photo is actually The Westin Convention Center Hotel.
Boycott North Carolina
famtastic venue and service
It's a Doubletree. A
Our fav' in Pittsburgh.
Love it. Great brunch.
Great North Shore stay.
Mama's Day weekend.
Valet parking is preferable. The self-park option has no in/out privileges. No room service after 11pm Sun-Thurs.
As soon as you step inside, you want to move right in. Their A/C is fabulous!
They have valet parking, inconveniencing bus riders, blocking bus stop. A bad, unsafe idea.
They have a parking  garage. They're conveniently located between Wood St. and Market Square, across from CVS.
The rooms have a tendency to smell. Check your room assignment before accepting.
This is the spot that was the hilton.
Stuck here for lack of AC in the house tonight. Costly bummer but glad we have a nice place to go.
Nice breakfast.  I like the staff.
Great staff. They upgraded us to a suite.  Better than ave breakfast choices.  I stay a dozens of these and this one goes the extra mile.
Terrible TV line-up. All news and sports. I guess they want you to buy some porn.
Time to start caring about what you feed your guests. Fake chemical butter in a jug. No hot oatmeal today.
Really rude front desk experience.  You'd think you would be nicer to the diamond members.
Their mantle near the front desk is hung with fancy decorated Go-go boots! Adorable!
Great coffee, love me some Stumptown! And the fact that they took the time to add some latte art!
FYI - those adorable tea bags at the coffee register are actually $4 a piece. After losing out on Adele tickets and now seeing them for $10K a piece on Stubhub, I don't care how fair trade your tea is, I'm not overpaying for a teabag. Shaky fist!
25% off rates if you live in Pittsburgh until March!
Good restaurant, catering and customer service!
Pack light, free laundry and supplies provided at no charge. Kid's bored? Free dvd rentals!
In the Comfort Inn
Get your slushies here...they're the best
CPR
A hotel with a therapy dog who works the day shift, complete with art and artifacts - not to mention a dining area with live music? Highly worth checking out even just for dinner!
Don't ask for the firm pillows, they stink !
Nummy breakfast
Very clean. I would stay here again and recommend it to others.
A Crowne Plaza in name and mattress only...
The staff could not be friendlier!  Morgan at the front desk is A+
First think you see when you enter the resort is a sign that says "not responsible for lost or stolen items". Not very welcoming Grandview.  Makes me feel like this place is a bit sketchy.
Yoga at the pool :)
Yoga at the pool :)
No bad. When in Vegas its the place to be.
Live jazz! All of the time!
Valet parking, $29/day.  There is also a parking garage across the street
Good lobby, upscale clientele, tiny, tiny rooms.
Rooms still need major renovations.
The trees in the atrium are 50 yr old Ficusferns.
Starbucks!
Found a great deal through HotelTonight
Free Breakfast
I stay here more often than I'd like. Although located 12min away, the airport shuttle takes forever to pick you up and the beds are saggy.
This hotel has downhill! Beds have big sunken centers and they took away the free coffee you can pay for a keurig single,for starbucks price
Uncomfortable beds, feels like sleeping in a trench.
If coming from airport, call ahead with flight info and have the shuttle meet you for a free ride; save $20 in cab fare
I liked it here but the bathroom was not very clean
We made it! Viva Las Vegas!!
Great room rates for Facebook fans
Finally arrived!
Be careful as their prices have risen quite a bit. Nice place and location that's for sure.
Fire outside is a nice touch
Staff should be friendly
Staff was patient and courteous to the rush of US Airways peeps who got bonked on the connections. Thanks for that!
Loads of parking around back. Down a hill. Defiantly drop bags then park!
Seriously the fumes from all the construction are terrible
Great Hotel. Very friendly staff. Clean big rooms. I will frequent here for work
Staying here for the week.  Stay posted
Room smells like gym socks. We're moving.
Ick.
Love the complimentary breakfast- omelette made to order!
Wish i was staying here. Would be a lot more convenient.
They have a fire pit! Hello!!!
Lobby and breakfast area very nice and relaxing.
Checked in just in time for the "Manager's Reception" Chee hoo.
Watching "Extreme Midget Wrestling" at the Riviera Convention center.
Today I got asked by a lady by the pool if I would babysit her daughter for her. I said no and laughed, but upon further consideration I should have asked how much money we were talking about here.
So far I've quadrupled my money in Vegas, so now I'm at $4!
Nap time.
Home base for the crawl...
Working the Pens game for the hub!!
Woop! Portishead!!!
VERY disappointing. Return to my room at 9pm after a long day of meetings to find the maid had not made up room! Thanks a lot :( but she did leave an envelope for a tip! Wow!!!!
Pretty poor managers reception. Drinks fine - but the most meager nibbles and layout ever at an Embassy Suites!
Mattresses are great and have adjustable firmness. Unfortunately the pillows are old and soft, have no guts and make it difficult to get a good nights sleep :(
Plumbing leaves a lot to be desired (at least on the 19th floor). Very slow flow sink and shower - not cool showering with your feet in 2 inches of water)
Merry Christmas :$
Feel like I am in a time warp - hotel built in 2004/5 but used a design package from 1984 or earlier! For example - bath IN the bedroom, and not a single piece of decor that tells you that you are in Vegas - may as well be Indiana or some other mid-West state.
Continues to disappoint. Out all day, jet lagged, need a nap - come back to hotel at 3:20pm and room not made up . Called front desk and maid came - telling us that if you want the room made up you have to request it (but they don't tell you that). Reeallyyy?! New rules regarding service?
Hardly any staff at the breakfast. You have to seat yourself then go and find someone! Come on Doubletree - what are you thinking?
Complained to the manager politely about the complete lack of service and attention. Worst ever! Same today - lesson learned - never again!
Hotel is above average, restaurant only 'Neh' at best. Pity.....
Nice pool and slide for kids
Mrs G is black and I am white. We couldn't figure out whether the three (black) staff - 'receptionist' (female) and two staff (male) one upstairs staring down at us and one shooting the breeze with the receptionist in a surly manner - didn't like me because I am white, or us because we are interracial. Either way there was a hostile racial vibe in the air. So much for hospitality. 20 since the lat Holiday Inn stay - will be more than 20 before the next :(
Check your bill!!! Booked a room at $399 and they tried to charge us $695!!!! Then tried to justify it with a print out of a bogus e-mail that they said they sent me - but never did!!! Luckily I could prove that the bogus e-mail was indeed bogus and never sent!
You can't go wrong with this Courtyard - clean, well kept, very friendly staff. Overall a good place to stay when visiting the Eastside of Cleveland!!
If you hate stiff mattresses, avoid.
So, I told them that their portraits are hung upside down in my room.  They didn't even ask for my room #!!!
Checking out.
Not bad
Don't listen to iPhone 5 maps. It thinks it's in the other side of Koval.
I really hope it gets better, because it's pretty bad in its current state.
Yoink O_O the most powerful toilet in Vegas. I said it. TMI but I know it'll matter when it counts -_0
For water and other necessities you have 2 nearby Walgreens when you exit towards Las Vegas Blvd South. Go left or right - you'll find one.
Free wifi and 5 minutes from airport. Bob Evans across the street (also free wifi) and Sheetz about a block away. Business-friendly.
Bob Evans is right next door, Primanti Brothers is a short walk down the road, and they're extremely dog friendly!
the worst place to stay ever !!
This is a no nonsense place to crash after having a Primati Bros sandwich or a Bob Evans meal.
Lovely meeting place for the discreet
Easy place to conference at...
Beautiful meeting place in early spring. Classic Arizona. Valentine it !
The nicest people really. Eat at midnight in their cafe!
A great place to pose with friends.
We just missed the shampoo...its clean and I'm happy
no shampoo or lotion.
They'll happily move you if the room isn't clean.
Windows open!
Broken security lock on sliding glass door. Stained lampshades. Beat up furniture. Hair on the bathroom floor. Shall I go on?
They have a washer & dryer...
Does the trick! Clean, safe, comfortable. Courteous staff!
The price is right!
Life is good here!
Easy and quick checkin!!
Showtime....model and talent agents are here!
Very nice hotel!
Great wedding venue! Celebrating with the family tonight.
Check the room before settling in...my toilet ran all night and there was a humming noise coming from the vent :/
I was charged a hold of $20 a night on top of my nightly rate for incidentals I wasn't aware of this until I was charged.  So instead of being charged $275 for 2 nights I was charged $315 for 2 nights.
I have not even checked into my room and this is the most horrible Las Vegas experience ever
Heater gone mad. So hot in my room that I had to open the window and have a fan on in January to cool my room off. Thermostat was no help...
Cleveland's Got Sole 3
Pretty decent place to stay near downtown Cleveland. Good value too. In room mini fridge with freezer. Great for leftovers.
Great place for a staycation or for your out of town visitors. I never heard of The Mansion until I was looking for a wedding venue. Best kept lodging secret in the city. Beautiful place and great staff. The breakfast is made to order and delicious.
Tasty brunch. Good times with friends. Beautiful decor for the holiday season.
It's a great atmosphere during the afternoon to relax or work off their free WiFi. After 5:00 they have a live pianist playing some great keys on Fridays
The towels are really thin. But the room has nice, new decor with lots of space. I like it.
Gettin' slizzard! ;)
Get the grilled chicken salad yum
Been 20 min and there still isn't a Moscow Mule in my hand.
Stay elsewhere. The saying is true, you get what you pay for.
Great place for drinks and live jazz.
Piratefest!
Well from first impressions. I'm simply not.
Whirl 10th Anniversary Party!
Furry spotting
Mediterranean salad is excellent
Salons, spas, bars and boutiques in the grand lobby!
The lobby is on floor "2".
Don't lose your key or you can't use the lifts!
If you get an odd numbered room the view is better! :)
If Ronnie is on duty, you'll have the most helpful and pleasant gentleman at your service! There is a starbucks in the lobby too fyi!
If you get jolted out of your sleep by the fire alarm here (like we did 30 min ago), you can head over to pilot next door for your needs while you wait. Convenient.
Steer my out of town visitors to CMU here
This would offer a viable alternative as hotels inevitably fill near university check-in days and graduations.
Vegas Baby!
The buffet here is off the chain. So much to choose from. Customer service is excellent.
Really good place to start your day. Prices are reasonable.
A must see. Very elegant.
Gaming is good! Atmosphere and music very family friendly.
The hotel in casino is okay is based on the late gangster era with Bugsy Siegal photos but they're still doing a lot of remodeling so the inside does not look very appealing.
Beautiful hotel, located on the end of the strip,  but public transport get you in the middle of everything in minutes.
The atmosphere with the gambling and music is off the chain.
Not the fanciest digs, but the rooms are a nice size.
Yummy cookies
Fun!
There is complimentary wifi and a faster wifi for $7.95. The complimentary one works fine.
Hotel time
Stay here so they can afford to finish their remodeling.
Continental breakfast is not very good here -- coffee is often out. The rooms are nice though and the jacuzzi suite is especially sexy, despite the walls being really thin.
My fave hotel in Pitt, cheap and massively underrated, just like me actually.
Loving roulette!
This place makes me feel old and I'm only 28.
It's like they are pumping the smell of Fall into The Conservatory?
And it begins....
This SATC is making me crazy!
I'm convinced I'm going to win the Sex and the City Mr. Big jackpot!
Got my Polamalu on!
Lost the $ I won at the Paris on Sex and the City game. Still up though:)
Scout out the place for Miss America competitors!
Continental breakfast
Free WiFi!
Timeshare presentation
If you're looking for a fine dining experience, try the French restaurant immediately next door. Great wines!
Clean. Fruit to snack on and coffee in lobby all day!
Need walking shoes;)
My go to hotel when in the area!
Got bit up . Bed bugs wouldn't believe me
Ask for an even numbered room to avoid all the traffic noise.
There are no hairdryers in the rooms, so make sure you bring your own.
Ask for a room on the higher floor or top floor! The walls and ceilings are prone to very loud neighboring noises.
Shocker!
Home away from home/Dewey
Home for the next 2 days!
Platinum status is the way to go!!!
People are going to start thinking I'm a hooker with all these hotel check ins.
Quick pre dinner run!
Just had to pull my platinum status on some trainee!
Debating on trying sneak in a late knight swim!
Back for some early morning laps!
finally!!!
Not just an amazing drink...
Chi Ching!
They have a great spread of food during their evening appetizer social!
They actually have an adorable boxer mix named Edie who is like the "hotel mascot" who roams around the lobby. I am completely in love.
Across from Texas Roadhouse, two minute walk.
There are some really great other hotels in the area. Explore those first.
Not bad. A clean environment.
Hair dryers  are available for free at the front desk. Just call the front desk and they will being you one.
Love the popcorn!
Nice hotel with super staff
Fastest Wi - FI  I have had in a hotel in years.  Great cookies..super staff
Pet friendly!
Wiggle your key card to gain access to the fitness center! The mechanism has a hard time reading the magnetic stripe.
Most comfy beds to sleep in!!
Go some where else - hotel is terrible
Fav hotel in cleveland!
Cookies rule here - get the free milk with purchase!
Great breakfast with stay!
Fav hotel to stay at in this area!
Get the chocolate cookie!
Solid hotel
Quietest hotel in monroeville!
Great gym!
You will love the orange and ginger smelling shampoo!
Very fast internet 16-19 Mbps download and 13-14 Mbps upload. No lag issues for internet surfing even during peak hours
Super fast internet for a hotel. Avg 8-10Mbps DL and 7-13 Mbps UL speeds
Moderate internet speeds 1.29 Mbps download and 0.77 Mbps upload. Enough to browse internet and email
Very clean. Safe area. Good breakfast. Good  bang for your buck.
The pool is on the 25th floor and wasn't heated when we went. If you look out the windows you can see some pretty great views, like Heinz field
Dog friendly rooms.
The pool/hot tub area was nice, however finding dog poop in the closet was not.
This motel is so ghetto, the bedbugs carry guns.
Very nice employees.  Clean place.  You pay for what you get here.  You will pay a lot. But you get a nice place to stay.
Sigma derby horses!
Overbooked, instead of a king suite we got two fulls. :(
Need to meet someone? Anyone can have a casual meeting here and it's next to Starbucks actually is in the lobby of the hotel.
FYI this hotel is now a Wyndham.
A free breakfast that is actually decent and decently priced room service 24/7. Clean rooms. Can't complain.
They are pet friendly!!
So old.  Needs to be demolished and rebuilt!!
Coupon book gives tons of freebies for a new member!
gambling Xmas cash
no wait, no line for any table game of your choice.
Matey, lookin for that buried treasure!  Maybe in the poker room!  ;)
Gettin some Sun before heading back to Seattle.  :)
June 9: Bradley x Pacquiao. Will you be watching?
Bradley x Pacquiao. Tonight!
Thoughts? Opinions?
Let's go Giants let's go! PAC! QUIAO! Let's go Giants let's go! PAC! QUIAO! #waitwhat
Et tu, Brute?
Hey how much are the scratch tickets? I just need like 3 scratch tickets. Well actually 10. jk
vincent really hasn't reviewed this? i'm surprised
Best price for location and amenities in the area.
What's that noise?
Bigger than LA. Glad there's seats
Taking the tram to our hotel. Why do they make it so confusing?
Who slathered themselves with floral body lotion? Oh, Vdara did
Best mattress. No one here knows what brand it is!
Love the mattress. Second time we have stayed here for Kings road game. Both times were wins
NBC Sports on the 8 foot projection screen
Bullshit 10am check out
NBC Sports on the 8 foot projection screen
One annoying thing is the location and drop off area, which has even confused two taxis I've taken so far.
Love the rooms. V romantic for a weekend getaway!
What is that smell?
The casino has fun "dealertainers" and they seem like the construction is almost done. The Quad will always have a place in my heart ;)
Wow.  This place is a lot nicer than I had expected.
Need more bar stools.
Nicer gym and business center than most.
Love this place.
Completely remodeled and done quite well. Feb 2015.
Awesome hotel!
At my hotel suite hotel :)
Cyndi Lauper!!!!!!!!
Great european style boutique hotel
We had wonderful service during our stay and the hotel was very clean and quiet.
Make sure you stay for breakfast. It's different from other hotels and very good!
Great breakfast. Staff are friendly. Love this hotel. Free shuttle.
Working in The 'Burgh for a few days!
Renovations galore right now.
Do yourself a huge favor and avoid the valet parking. Not only it is pricey, but it's severely understaffed, crowded and inefficient. There's plenty of lot parking only about a block and a half away along W. 3rd St., where I only paid $5 for a Saturday overnight.
Nice meal at the Grand Luxe
Take your belongings with you!
Best value in Vegas.
Do you like castles & fantasyland? Come here.
Sometimes it seems like a really long wait for the fountain show!
Concrete jungle where dreams are made...
chateau!!!
Brand new remodeling - great!!!
Beautiful. Can't believe this place is already 5 years old.
Here with my son for Geek Con 2015!
$25 a night for valet or you can try your luck with metered parking.
Pros: friendly staff, clean, nice pool and close food. Rooms are clean, bathrooms are nice.  Cons: towels were stained, walls were a little rough.
First night in Vegas, staying at this dingy hotel. But hey, it was only $24 and they have free shuttles.
Keeping it classy for my 30th
Nice place!
Home away from home!
Home for the next few days.
Time to gamble my tax refund away
Come to Circus Circus and grab you a toilet bowl, filled with any cocktail you want...$25 is the price well worth it.
Closed . Now a Ramada Hotel
Now a Clarion Hotel
Now a Clarion Hotel
Closed . Now a Ramada Hotel
Tao...The best beach in Las Vegas.
The Catering Sales Manager here is one of the rudest human beings I've ever met in my life. Her customer service was below par. She made me feel like I was beneath her and not welcomed. If you're looking to do business here and have to go through Stephanie Adams, RUN, don't walk! She's terrible!
The Catering Sales Manager here is one of the rudest human beings I've ever met in my life. Her customer service was below par. She made me feel like I was beneath her and not welcomed. If you're looking to do business here and have to go through Stephanie Adams, RUN, don't walk! She's terrible!
Best Restaurant Week!!
Away from the crowded strip, but oh so close to the beautiful red rock mountains. Plenty of restaurants nearby and some good ones on site. Spa is great and the gym has all the necessities. Shuttle service to the strip
The place is gorgeous & seems pretty off the hook. However, for a coffee and small plate of fruit I was raped for $19.73. That's absurd!
BEAUTIFUL place. Great staff. Gorgeous rooms. Loaner binoculars even... This place is excellent! So glad our conference is here
Social Media meeting for Cleveland Plus!
Boarding the first ever #PlusBus tour! (via @BethePlus)
Getaway birthday trip!!
Setting up for the Elite party tonight!
Day date/Valentine's/Birthday lunch
Had lunch at a seminar here. Really good food and smooth brewed coffee. Yumm!!
Appears to be recently updated!
They're under construction right now, but our room was very updated & comfortable.
Our bartender was extremely helpful, friendly, and all around awesome!
Under construction and the smell of plaster dust is really bad.  Also there's no business center for guests to use.
Actually located on Greentree rd now.  Spotless, comfortable, and friendly.
Nice decor
Beautiful hotel ask for main attractions in the area
Super close to the Progressive Stadium
Great restaurant! Ask for the pickles. They are made at the hotel!
Its now called clarion inn
Pretty sure this is a Clarion now... They are remodeling. Rates fair but the staff needs to brush up on how to "clean a room".
Indoor pool- great for a rainy day. Not that there are many here.
I guess it's true: you get what you pay for. It's not horrible but there are a few things that are sure to make you itch (hopefully they'll disappear once they finish remodeling). It's sleepable.
Beautiful spot for a wedding
Red Bull & vodka tall for $7 at Pour 24. Upper level.
Well F you Walking Dead slot machine. Non paying f shack
Old school..
Call early for the van.  While only six minutes form the airport, it took 35 minutes for me to be picked up.  Front desk has no clue where can is.
Just checked into the rio hotel.  Take this hotel off your list.  It is old, rooms look like they are rejects from holiday inn.  Lovely ripped dirty carpet.
My room is okay, but I called room service twice, let it ring a long while and got no answer.  Eating snacks I brought along.
Two martinis and I am looped.  The bed is great and this place is close to so much, but still not too noisy.  I suppose being more that ten stories up helps.
Parking is tough!!  But the bartenders are great!!!
6:5 payout on blackjack in the "Party Pit".  Are you kidding me?  Rip off!
Jim Meehan cocktail creations well made by bartenders.  Measured pours, shaken or stirred, as appropriate, with top shelf spirits.
The best Christmas  decorations.
Beautiful
The mini suite is very nice.
Karaoke baby!
Home for the week
Right on time for the manager's reception!
does the real caesar live here
Smells like strippers
Executive floor baby!
Home for the week
Only cuz they make me, otherwise I'd rather be somewhere else :-\
Nice hotel/casino in the middle of no where
Beautiful art deco. Makes you forget it's 100 degrees outside.
First impression: landscaping looks nice and lobby is clean! Friendly staff greeted us when we walked in :)
The room doors don't automatically shut. Apparently mine was cracked up all night and it took security until 3:45am to notice. Thank God for the deadbolt. Scary stuff...
Love passin through the lobby to get to the Starbucks in here. So classy.
Had to grab some coffee from the Starbucks in the lobby.
Yummy breakfast and evening reception!!
Love the free goodies in my room..
Love modern and new rooms, plus wifi Internet
First hotel with an intuitive design where they put power plugs next to the bed, thank you!
Room service staff is so sweet, thank you :)
Shuttle running to the airport every 30 mins and awesome + friendly shuttle drivers :)
Terrace Wing
Relaxing atmosphere!
Nice gym
Valet parking
Room service food = never again!
Great location!
Great location
Nice location and recent renovation
Nice place.
Free sweet monkey bread at brunch
Small plates are half off at the bar if you're wearing scrubs.
From 6pm-7pm go to the pool for happy hour oh it's free but make sure you tip the bartenders :-)
Seriously loving my room with a lovely view :-)
nice setting for a small conference or meetings
No longer a Holiday Inn. Holiday Inn signage removed, hotel says there will be a possible transition to another brand in the future.
Great location
Nice newer hotel. If you are a light sleeper... ask for a room facing Oakland. There's a train that runs behind the hotel in the middle of the night (eg. 1:33am and 3:15am) that blows a very loud horn.
Not as good as the hype.  Grand hotel that seems a few steps behind the competition.
Awesome!!!
Hit the sugar shack for great food & drinks
Working not laying by the pool.... :-(
Second year in a row for Head of the Cuyahoga.
Nice hotel really good service
Overnight airport parking $5 per day if you stayed at the hotel.
Come here any day but Monday for an amazing dive bar experience.
Decent catering.
Gotta wait for valet service.
Good location.  Lots of good restaurants are walkable.  Pleasant rooms. Nothing fancy but clean place with high ceilings. Rooms facing Penn Ave have a nice urban view.
Location, location, location!
Rooftop hot tub and pool open 24 hours!
Perfect Location. Friendly staff. Love this place!
Very good Marriott with excellent staff in desirable downtown location.  All good
Rooms are small but i appreciated the historic value of the place. Room never got cold and I thought I was menopausal the whole time. Heard another guy complaining about it too so it wasn't just me.
$2 Coronas or Heine's and $1 margaritas. You know where to find me
The trams are my favorite part of Vegas! Take the tram between Excalibur, Luxor and Mandalay for a fun time.
Has anyone else stayed here and woke up the next day and felt like a senior citizen? My back hurt so bad, I almost went and checked myself into a geriatric hospital
Go to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant for a once in a lifetime experience. It's once in a lifetime because you can only afford it once lol
If you get a room rate that includes a resort or food credit, they want to hold $100 per day in authorizations (they can take 5-7 days to drop off depending on the bank) For a $40 buffet credit, they wanted to hold $400 from me. No thanks! Ill keep my $400 and buy my own food.
Beautiful hotel but the lack of availability to cheap liquor and food is disappointing
Both times I walked in today they were blaring Britney. This place is awesome
Where the hell is the digital roulette!?
No taxis came near this place on a Thursday at noon in the time we waited (about 15 minutes.) There was a line of 20 pissed off people. We decided to walk instead
Gorgeous casino but not much to see here. Probably wouldn't ever stay here
Terrible parking set up
Their fire alarm certainly works well. It's deafening, but I guess that's the point when rousting you out of a sound sleep at 630am. Fun times
Brunch is best!
Christopher in the Lobby Lounge is an incredible host to all guests.  The Burger is awesome.
The renovated SPG Preferred floor rooms are very nice. Even the bathrooms have been redone.
Eh, a Marriott is a Marriott is a Marriott. One major issue, not enough outlets, especially by the bed/nightstand to plug a phone into.
free wifi
Pancakes 24hrs
Very reasonable rates on rooms. Plus the freemont experience.
VIP saves time.
Pool opens at 10 but you can go down at 730 and save chairs.
Bring sunscreen it's hot.
If your going to the pool on a Saturday , go early to get a chair. They fill up fast.
Just found out the Golden Nugget had a latenite pool for adults open till 2am. Stoked.
Round beds by pool are like lying on a frying pan, but very comfortable.
The Tank pool is ridiculously busy today.
Stay away from rush tower valet. There total idiots.
The Tank Pool is very crowded today.
New rule. You can't bitch about economy if your a lazy ass waitress or waiter and cant do your job properly.
Sun goes down at 6pm. Pool open till 8pm and 16 and older pool open till 2am.
Got two free buffets for staying.
Tall bald security guard wanna be Dean is a total Tool.
Management sucks.
Made me very irritated
Checking out early. Nugget isn't what it once was. Management fucking sucks.
Employees are lazy.
Check in on Facebook get free drink.
It's hot at 9 am.
Super long check- in line. But it is moving pretty good.
My opinion of the Rio is not getting better unfortunately. Can't wait to write my review when I get home.
Back at room cooling down.
Getting full with Trekkies and selfish Californians
Back at Rio . The trekkies our out and about. Zzzz then long drive home.
Checking out till next time.
Validate parking to save $3.00.
So good were taking the kids.
My first time eating Asian food. Hibachi
So far half the price as Bellagio twice as nice.
WiFi slow for a 5 star hotel.
Not bad hotel . Rooms are cheap. The carpets old but you get what you pay for.
HRH Tower #srhfest
Wake and bake on 3 hours sleep. Cause that's how I roll. Sleep when I'm dead. #srhfest
#srhfest
Authority Zero,Unwritten Law, X-Pistols, Nofx punk is not dead. #srhfest
On my way home . Thanks Vegas see you in a week and a day.
Getting our pre game on! Let's Go Steelers!
Great location for games, culture and food!
Beautiful hotel in the theater district with plenty of activity nearby to interest anyone.
truck doesn't fit in 6'5" parking garage... though we made an interesting attempt :/
Park in the garage across the street from the hotel for $10. Valet is $30 for a day.
Make sure if you're a Marriott Elite member to head up to the 14th floor for free breakfast in the morning and free drinks at night.
Five dollar parking in the lot across from the hotel.
Booked through Priceline got a nice price. Great location!
Complimentary wifi :)
Nice lobby bar to catch a drink after a long day.
Don't stay unless you don't plan on sleeping. Staff only gives lip service on noise complaints.
Great location!
Valet is $35 a day. Best to park across the street in garage at $7 a day. Excellent location within walking distance to PNC park. Check out a Pirates game... It's a great field!  Market Square has great outdoor dining and DJ on weekends. Check out Clipper Gateway for a great R & B late night river dance cruise.... Very fun!
Amazing hotel with intricate architecture beautiful canal, and amazing atmosphere!
Wifi not good here :-( Good connection to Paris hotel.
Phone charges are extremely high. Beware.
The renovations look awesome!
Friendly staff.
Great after work drinks place.
$10 a pint but great atmosphere.
THE most comfortable beds ever. Aaaah, sleep! :)
A beautiful hotel with excellent rooms and meeting spaces.   The customer service lacks, and the WiFi is completely unreliable.
Wifi is a pretty high cost
Conveniently located and courteous service.
Very classic ambience.  Best place to treat those you love.
Really poor service and way overpriced. You could make much better choices.
If parking with the hotel, even for a charity event, be prepared to offer up your arm and/or leg to get your vehicle back. Yowza, their parking is pricey!!
The lobby is pretty spectacular for the Christmas season!
Choice Hotel
Microwave, Fridge and Flat Screens in the rooms.
Going to a meditation retreat this week!
Attending the Yelp party!
Comfortable stay. :-)
They are handing out New Year  party hats and accessories at 1130pm
Get a rockstar card and get a $10 free play credit
The shuttle driver couldn't be more rude he took off with one person last night who cut ahead I didn't mind thinking we would both get on he told me to wait till he got back when he did he let other people get on with me going to other destinations no problem
Bring your own lunch and eat in the lobby if you work downtown. They have free wifi.
Actually comfy & quite nice.
Absolutely fantastic!   I love everything about this hotel. Staff are the nicest. Valet parking gents are the best!!  Rooms are very comfortable and the bathrooms are just perfect.    The shower design is the what I wish to have at home.
Free valet, great views on the sin city from the 52nd floor.
Fair Westin Workout gym facility, next to Agave spa with adjacent pools. Could use heavier free weights (only up to 50s) and more lifting equipment. Good aerobics stuff and heated pools/jacuzzi outdoors
Exercise room = treadmill, elliptical, and recumbent bike. That's it
Free breakfast from 6:30-9:30. Complimentary airport shuttle too
Decent cardio equipment, but strength equipment is weak. Only benches and dumbbells up to 50#
Heated pool...nice!!
Breakfast buffet time
Fan a little loud, but a good room and stay overall. Breakfast was very attentive despite the busyness
Decent cardio equipment, but strength equipment is weak. Only benches and dumbbells up to 50#
Heated pool...nice!!!
Reasonably good breakfast buffet with omelets made to order
Not a real resort; nice rooms and pool, breakfast included, small gym with 4 cardio equipment only. Good value for the price and location
Either all the TechnoGym machines are inaccurately calibrated, or I lost 25% of my strength in a week; you decide. Beautiful rooms, and a decent view even facing Circus Circus
Far walk from the main casino; use the west parking garage and park at the far west end
Self park on the second level to avoid having to use the elevator!
Not happy about the parking fee. At least at Monte Carlo, you can see the dollars at work for the advanced parking system. Here, you see nothing. They don't even validate for restaurants. Hard to incentivize us to frequent here
Now Baymont Inn and Suites by Wyndham. Bare bones but clean, free Internet, and indoor pool. However, the pool has no heat, and the fitness room consists of an elliptical and a treadmill
Crappy gym, but had access to Anytime Fitness nearby if HHonors member
Decent gym with 50lb weights and a few treadmills. Has a small indoor swimming pool that's more of a splash pool with jacuzzi
Gym is reasonably sized, with good weight machines, free weights, and about 10 cardio stations. The hotel  service, however, is terrible
Went to Skyview both Friday (they had a great band) for dinner & Saturday for lunch. Love this place! lLunch was a blackened swordfish sandwich with fries and coleslaw on it & a delicious  sauce on the side. It was possibly the best sandwich I've ever had. Staff was as outstanding as usual.
Parking is a $18/day fee for guests. Your best bet is to work with the crazy street parking restrictions.
one word...ballin'
The 'V' in V-Bar is for Vibrant.
Uncomfortable bed, cigarette smoke seeping into room, valet parking only
Very nice renovation . It has a chic modern decor.
Slow elevators!
Finally made it. Need food and a nap the outsy
1 Oak.  Karazy.
Nice pool and fitness room.
Cabana all day now shopping
Valet now $13 (all MGM properties now charge for valet)
Complimentary shuttle to the airport runs every 30 mins. Just let the front desk know when you need to head out for your flight.
Very convenient location off highway; near several great places to dine!!
Holy hospitality!!
We like Paris for the variety of reasonable dining options!
Nice accomdations. Friendly & helpful staff. Beds too firm for my liking. Waking up stiff and achy.
This lobby is pretty damn baller...
So much more modern than the other hotels.
$3 Domestic Beers at all casino bars
$3 parking now,  free only if u eat here
8 oz prime rib $9.99 24/7
Its so cold outside that the water from their large water fountains froze it looks cool
Yo drivers exiting from the 15 south bound look the f* out for ur blindspots before going across 4/5 lanes just to go to Silverton. Almost got sandwiched by an SUV  and another car following each other and not paying attention. Someone designing Vegas road seriously needs to be fired. I'm gonna kill those 2 drivers book me a spot in that detention center.
This place is huge. Parking garage is far from the strip.
There may be a "BEAT THE HEAT" cheering section LOL
Wow they get the jams in the parking lot. I just going park and enjoy the view.
Luckyrice Asian Night Market
If valet is too busy or if you don't wanna mess with valet, park your car in their (not free) self parking garage right across the street. Also buy a drink and validate ticket at one of their bars so you don't have to pay for parking.
Real comfy bed!
The Robust coffee at the breakfast bar is wonderful here!
Smelly. Old. Rundown. Going through renovations right now.
Ghetto
Free shuttle to the airport!
I love that they have actual flamingos here!
Saturday and sunday champagne brunch only.$10.99 with players card
Wine down wednesdays courtesy of sunny 106.5
Miss usa preliminaries
Mob experience
Hash house a go go
"Fitness Center" needs major updating.
Breakfast area can get very congested around 9am in the weekends. Omelets are worth the wait.
Stay here everytime I'm in PA.  Rooms are decent...free breakfast...yum
Super friendly staff, clean rooms, convenient location.  Great place to stay in Pittsburgh.
Best on the strip!
1st day of conference.
Make sure they enter your reservation. They won't give any type of credit for their mistake.
Stay elsewhere.
Old people in the pool.
No A/C in hallways and main HVAC not keeping up with the demand in lobby and restaurant area. HOT!!'
Its no longer the radisson it's now a double tree hotel mmmmm cookies.  Needs update on outside.  Lobby is great nice, rooms ok need updating as well.
No wifi in the rooms only in the lobby... Are you kidding me!!  Old outdated building and rooms.
If you order wine at the lobby bar, ask them to open a new bottle. I struck out lat time I was here.
The Pancake Machine at the breakfast bar is pretty cool!
Bar stays open till 2.
Rooms are nice, although there are a surprising number of cowboys walking around.  Apparently some kind of rodeo.
Turns out Caesar didn't actually live here.  I looked.
Right in Downtown Charlotte and within walking distance to many key Charlotte spots including the sports arenas, the NASCAR Hall of Fame and several popular restaurants.
Not in Downtown Madison but only a 7-10 minute drive.
Several suites here so chance for an upgrade is good (for Marriott Rewards Gold and Platinum members).
Located fairly far from the Phoenix Airport. It is a pricey taxi to get here.
Fairly close to ASU. Reasonable room rates.
Rundown casino with poor food options.
Mostly $10 tables on Friday night.
Their convenience store sells several kinds of bottled water including Voss.
Great flower carousel rivals or maybe even tops the Bellagio seasonal garden displays.
Fine dining restaurant Alize is located here.
Connected to Caesars Palace.
Two of their more well-known restaurants are right in the front (Eiffel Tower Restaurant and Mon Ami Gabi).
Houses both Bouchon and Bouchon Bakery.
Some $10 tables on Friday night.
Winter in Venice at The Venetian is ending; it currently includes an ice rink and a kind of ugly white Christmas tree.
Minimum bet on craps tables go as low as $10.
Special pre fixe prices for most of their restaurants here.
Mystere shown here.
Not the cleanest hotel; similar to Sahara (but more crowded and smaller).
Features two Top Chef Masters restaurants: Fleur By Hubert Keller and Border Grill.
Their impressive looking beach/pool seems to be closed for the season (like the pools at other Vegas hotels and casinos).
Like most Vegas hotels, Renaissance offers free valet or free self parking.
If you are a Marriott Rewards Gold or Platinum member, you receive full breakfast buffet for two on Saturday and Sunday.
Fitness center is located on the 2nd floor.
The Club / Concierge Lounge is located on the 15th floor.
Though a little far from The Strip, some rooms provide a nice view of The Strip including the Wynn golf course as well as the new Ferris wheel-like attraction at The Linq.
Gallo Blanco Cafe is located in this boutique hotel.
It is a pretty long walk to get to MGM Grand, which is already a long walk to get from the towers there to The Strip.
Each room is outfitted with a whirlpool bath tubs and some rooms come with balconies.
Fitness center is located on the first floor.  Lounge is located on the first floor in Tower 1.
Very close to Chase Field.
Very nice hotel with a contemporary look, great rooms and a reasonable rate. Exceptional service in the Club / Concierge Lounge. Excellent catering too. Only negative: their too soft pillows.
Nobu Hotel is located here.
Like The Cosmopolitan and SLS, Caesars is bringing in LA names with Mr. Chow restaurant.
Nice enough Courtyard (and similar to the other Courtyards out there) but an odd location inside a shopping plaza (though I believe the Courtyard near me in Marina Del Rey is also located in a shopping plaza).
Long line for Steak & Shake.
Slow elevators at this 3-level Courtyard by Marriott.
Gordon Ramsay's upscale burger restaurant is located near the front of the casino (right next to The Strip).
Ideal location and full of young people but just an okay hotel.
$3 and $5 tables.
$5 minimum bet craps tables.
Inside holidays exhibit around their shops is nice.
The suites here are big and comfortable--a perfect pre-going out gathering place.
Celebrity sighting: Stan Lee having the breakfast buffet and discussing with fans the early days of Spider-Man.  He might be in town for the Yankees game; the breakfast buffet provides a view of the interior of the stadium (like being in a luxury box).
Attached to Rogers Centre; the lounge provides a view of the interior of the stadium; you can watch the Blue Jays play from here.
I am not sure if this is the case with all Fairfields, but the A/C units at this location and the one in Beachwood never got the room cool enough.
Rooms are not as nice as what you get at The Cosmopolitan and the hotel lacks The Cosmopolitan's hot restaurants, bars and club, but the rooms feature great amenities and consistently come at a much lower rate.
Twist is located on the 23rd floor--same floor as the hotel lobby/registration and bar
Seems like a truly upscale and contemporary hotel, but room rates are consistently very high (probably the highest on The Strip).
Breakfast buffet features an omelet bar.
Features at least 3 restaurants you can find in LA: Comme Ca, STK and Scarpetta.
No longer offering breakfast for 2 for Marriott Rewards Platinum members as platinum arrival gift; you now get 500 Marriott Rewards points or a $10 food and beverage credit.
Room rates are very high (among the highest on The Strip), but if you can just get a one level upgrade like a Terrace Suite King Studio or a Terrace Suite One Bedroom, you are in for a very nice room that makes for a great pre-going out gathering place.
Not special but definitely okay.
Located right next to a Bob Evans.
General InTouch members receive free Wi-Fi and a $10 minibar credit.
A rooftop bar called Fahrenheit is located here.
Delano is a modern hotel connected to Mandalay Bay.
Eating breakfast with the folks.. provided I can get passed the hoard and the trough
Great for one visit a year!
Cold shower this morning courtesy of Omni Hotel.
Adventuresome.....the hotel is not lively like a real circus...they need some UniverSoul!
Supposedly the Best buffet in Vegas right now. We will see......
All I need is a place to sleep!
Sleep
Omajel, my house better not be wrecked when I get back!!
Bout to watch Stokley & Eric....nothing but chops!!
Favorite hotel
Private wine dinner!!!
If you like hearing doors slam all morning, this is the place for you!
6 days left
Great view
Pure luxury
View from the room
They have legit free wifi. Very high speed. Not like the wifi at most hotels that forces you to upgrade.
Always check for lower rate deals on other sites before booking.
Book directly thru their website for AAA discounts...it was cheaper than Expedia. Lesson learned.
Talk to Erin for any corporate meeting or family event. She is a pro!
Monday through Thursday at 5:00 they serve specialty drinks for free! They mix it the special concoction at the bar.
Lobby bar is rockin
Great lobby and friendly staff!
Nice location for the Junior League's General Meeting.
Carolina Anime Day :)
Very clean,close to Speedway&ConcordMills.
Our family visits here often,we have had 2Birthdays there,2Christmas family get togethers&Love that it is so close to home,Recommend for all families to have a Howling Good Time!
First time visitors,get the Wolf Pass for kids,better bargain!
Awful customer service.
Nice pool table near the bar and quite a hip crowd at the pool. Nice place but looks like its being renovated.
Clean, nice, friendly staff, and easy access to freeway and a great breakfast.
request a Deluxe room & get a King or two Queens
stay in the North Tower above the 16th floor
Great cheap rates!  They will kill you on everything from beer to wifi.  Tip!  Buy your beer at their gift shop.  You can take it anywhere!
Time to see blue man!!
FAST buffet if in Court.  Throw down throat food, nothing spectacular.  Better than NABs and Coke.
Continental bfast!!!!!
Don't miss the fire pit out back!
They always have lovely treats and some sort of alcohol in the lobby during the afternoon.  I love this hotel.
$3 min Roulette electronic tables...love them! Near stiletto
Music on Tuesday nights.
Half price glasses and bottles of wine.
Wow! Extremely nice and affordable. Room had fridge, microwave and convenient port to charge iPhone. Bed was comfortable, bathroom was clean.
Outstanding staff and comfort! Great food ( who knew?) also beer and wine available. Very clean, comfortable, safe stay. Restaurants and shopping near by. Highly Recomended. Cracker Barrel and Bob Evans within walking distance.
Yellow fun tuna was a very small portion. Citrus salad looked "tired" less than fresh. The desert was fantastic. Service was outstanding. Views breathtaking.  Expensive, but I'll give them a second try.
This has to be the best place in Phoenix to catch the setting sun. Elevated high above the city, you can see a magnificent sunset and watch the lights begin to light up the city. Planes come and go off in the distance at OHX. Awesome handcrafted drinks, excellent food selection, and servers who will spoil you. Get in before Happy Hour as they fill up quick. Eat here!
Paradise. Unimaginable, beautiful surroundings with a smiling, dedicated staff. Relaxing. Why go off to the tropics when you can stay here? Highly Recomended.   The spa is excellent. Pools are fantastic. Everything is clean.. Spotlessly clean. Exceptional maintenance. You'll be list in the beautiful views.
Awesome hotel. Top shelf bar! Gray Goose tonic only @ $7.50.
Yay Starbucks coffee at the bistro!
Awesome maple thick cut bacon for breakfast in the club lounge!
Nice hotel w/ ample parking and excellent and free and FAST wifi.
My rewards info was not attached to reservation so things had to be changed including room
Gotta room for Coldplay concert tonight :)
It's a Ritz Carlton. What's not to like?
At the Lodge for 1.5 day meeting. First rate facilities and staff.
There are definitely worse places to go for a business meeting!  Fine facilities and gracious, helpful staff.
Nice lobby. Room needs more work.
First time in AZ. Nice place to stay!
Don't get the room near the stairs- so loud.
Great views of the city!
Starbucks coffee in the room.
Pet friendly.
Mighty fine example of modern architecture. My fav building in the uptown skyline.
Here for the Big Splash Event and using our $7 tix (this only happens once a year).
Excellent place to have a seminar!
Ask for 5th floor. That's the highest it goes. The higher the better!!!!!!! I stayed on the 4th :(
Sodas sold at front desk for 50cents each.
Of course, wifi, gratis!
Fire pits outside. At least 4.
You can easily walk to Birkdale Village from here, where there is tons of shopping and restaurants.
Clean, quiet and comfortable....
Clean, quiet and comfortable, although I can't say the same for Cleveland....
WiFi works great at this LaQuinta!
avoid at all cost. no hot water. cold showers. always a problem.  do not stay.
Very majestic looking! To your left is phillips places plaza with movies, dining and shopping. To your right is whole foods! You have has stations nearby, this is a very convenient location
Should have checked yelp before I booked through hotwire, what a mess.
A fun night out with Paula and Adam
Make sure h ask for a room w/ a working fridge.
Front desk is super friendly!
#typeacon
Fell asleep in the hot tub! (Sober)  lol..... I love to just realax here... note to self- Don't stand naked in the window!
Great place to get away close to home. They don't advertise and they're not nation wide (yet). Look them up and check one out if you find one! Full hot breakfast and at 5:30 they do the "kick back"- free drinks and hot munchies. Pool& Jacuzzi... GR8 DEAL!
Great staff. Yummy salads
Was there last night--- the dancing water fountains was neat. The hotel is gorgeous!!
The wait staff at All the restaurants we eat at in Luxor was rude!! Service was not good! I would not suggest staying or eating at Luxor.
Breakfast!
Outstanding service, stunning rooms, beautiful decor as well. A truly first class experience. Buck up and make it happen, you deserve it! Great job, again!
A nice updated ambiance and a great place to get honors savings to #lovebuyingcars
Buffet breakfast is very good. It is a little strange that they have a cold and hit option at different prices. Service is excellent and they have a great selection if food as well. Chicken sausage us excellent!
Nice hotel, parking seems steep since you are staying in the hotel. Interior is nice, food at the in house restaurant is a little disappointing. Nice pool and clean otherwise
Hampton inns are always a great bet
Large rioms, evening social hour and sojid breakfast. Nice place  for Nascar fans.
Free shuttle to the airport! Just call them if you don't see the white Concourse van near Door 5.
Live music in the bar area!
Beautiful bar with pricey, delicious cocktails!
Complimentary chocolates upon check in, free parking, Aveda products in the bathrooms!
Make sure you're ready for NASCAR! This Hotel is as close as you may want to be from The Charlotte Motor Speedway. Get your Motor running.
I forgot to ad to my previous review the water took forever to get warm, never hot.
A bit difficult to access the highways
Gym is on the 17th floor.  Its had better days.  Bring your own towel!!!
Join Delta Privileges so you can get perks such as early check in and Aeroplan miles.
This place is perfectly clean. They offer good price AND have happy hour.
great place to swim for local charlotteans
Decent hotel. Very friendly and helpful staff.
Clean and welcoming... For cheaper rates, book through Hotwire.
Not my favorite place in Vegas...
Gorgeous architecture and simply beautiful ellegance at the Bellagio!! :)
Can't go wrong with an "A" rating of 98.5% -- clean, neat, and welcoming!
The service is excellent and the food is not bad but the value just isn't there.
Great little place to have cocktails after the Harvest Moon, they are an awesome team of nothing but service!
It's fun at the bar!
Great location close to everything, clean rooms, polite front desk and valet, and a good restaurant here.
Come in from fourth ave or you will be driving in circles.
Good service, clean rooms and awesome location, Just a great place to send your guests!
Great service in the Midst of big businesses, they take the time.
Such glimmer,service, glow and beauty. Worthy of my visit :)
Cool pool
Only go to this hotel for a drink. Bartender Donte only good experience I had
Avon Breast Cancer Walk kick off! With Shutterbooth sponsored by Reebok!
Lots of ballrooms on the lower level - well maintained and beautiful
Lunch with Alli and Carrie!
Congrats to Gerik and Kesha!!!
ShutterBooth in the house for Morgan & Meghan!
ShutterBooth is rocking in the Urban Garden for Roush Yates Racing's party!
ShutterBooth in the house! #weddingwednesday
Sweet!  I have two doors to my room and great views!
Average
ConCarolinas!
Mad Monster Party
Day 2, Mad Monster Party
Mad Monster Party ends today, but it's been fun!
#sofresh today
What do you mean you dont have a major sports network at your lobby bar and you have to refer us off-property?  Can you say lost revenue?
The Fresh Expo Organic Showcase 4:30 Today!
Nice
Sleep time
Free drinks every night for two hours!
Gorgeous meeting spot...
Very nice, comfortable location
A business opportunity for lunch here which was truly superb. Even on a day when I'm in the midst of a herbal cleanse, the salad was simply marvelous.
Elevator works today, I have heard some complaints.
I wouldn't really call it a continental breakfast, more like free bagels.
Complementary beverage station with fountain drinks.
Expensive onsite parking. Lots within 2 blocks have $5 weekend rates.
Convenient location and short walk to the LYNX train
Jessica, who was tending the hot chocolate bar in the lobby, was so awesome... she took great care of us out on the patio! Thanks Jessica!
Getting ready for a relaxing week
Recovering
There is still construction, the entrance is hard to find.
Jacuzzi suite is cool
Nice hotel.  Furniture in rooms a bit dated but great location. Very reasonable rates.   Happy hour and breakfast included.
Very nice hotel but stay at a different Courtyard.  Hard to locate.  Parking is $12 a night. Elevator is screwy, not numbered floors but lettered.   Just confusing after a days trip and a long drive.   Otherwise typical Courtyard.
Milo's restaurant is the BEST!
Lovely hotel and great bar service.
Lovely hotel and great bar service. Always a clean and nice place
Nice place.:) Decent service. :) No bar. :(
Good room rates, but the food is expensive.
Definitely one if the nicer HIX hotels.
Average for an HIX, but their Internet is slower than molasses this month! My iPhone 3G is much faster. Frustrating.
Very nice and clean
Make a U-turn to access.
Yes!
Just disgusting. How DHEC hasn't closed this place down is beyond me.
The night manager, Redwon, at the front desk was awesome!!
The night manager, Redwon, at the front desk was awesome!!
The best hotel with the best service in town. Have a drink with Pete & sleep like a baby in the Dunhill Hotel. Charlotte's Only True Boutique Hotel!!!
AwesomeNess!!?
Awesome hotel in the middle of uptown Charlotte, NC.
Nice room, simple accommodations. Complimentary beverages in room. Nice and quiet, great shower!
Pete is a great bartender! Try a tequila sour!!
Civilized
It's a clean room but the lobby smells like an ash tray. This is not a smoke free Westin.
Wanted: extreme makeover for this hotel.
Still making a deposit
Love the non-smoking prop. A civilized alternative to the MGM!
Like butta...
Not exactly the best hotel for a good night sleep.
Fresh
Back to the tables
Try the charcuterie plate, the rabbit liver pte is amazing with the cranberry jelly
Good place to get away for a drink.
Very nice historic hotel with great prices for the location.
Very quite hotel.  A great night sleep.
Great price for a suite.
Get your free photo of you next to a million dollars. It makes for a great free souvenir. Head to the back of the casino and they print them out for you within 30 mins
Definitely come here to see and pee on a large chunk of the Berlin Wall in the men's room here.  And then drink some beer at 777 Brewery within the casino. Good recycling process.
Be sure to check out the vintage slots upstairs that still take coins and you can hear the clink clang of your winnings and still put in an old plastic cup. Oh the memories :)
Cool studio lofts with kitchen and living room areas. Very modern.
If you're a hotel guest get a Rewards card at the desk located inside the casino (right) to earn points and get discounts when you play the slot machines etc.
Wifi is not free and phones/wifi reception only in lobby area when downstairs
Try their quesadilla.
Good show Lou!!
Checked in
I love this hotel. Minutes walk from everything, very clean, room service and flat screen TVs.
Clean rooms, flat screen TV's with HD, room service until midnight and 5 minute walk from the Epic Center. I love it.
This is Duplicate listing.
This is duplicate listing.
Wow!
This livin!
Quick shoeshine.
Executive Suite baby!
$4.50 for a six ounce glass of orange juice? SUCK IT!
Round two! Ding ding ding! lol. Jeremy gave us early check-in and a high floor! We heart Jeremy!
For a good laugh, ask whoever is rooming with you (if someone is), to sit on the desk chair in the room. It tilts waaay back and when you first sit, it'll feel like your falling. I wish I had my camera out when my bf sat down. lol!
Don't be shy about eating from the hotel menu for dinner if you don't feel like going out.  It's good! I HIGHLY recommend the H Bar salad w/chicken or steak, the chicken tortilla soup, the french dip, wings, and flat iron steak. They are all reasonably priced as well. See my photos :)
Deluxe king corner suite w/ an amazing view of the strip. No early check in :( Arrived at 1:30. Didn't get in til 3:30.
Warren Cooksey Policy Briefing
Parking can be expensive, but you can park one street over in the Buckhead lot in the evening and get validated for the cost of a beer!
Law Day!
Business Journal Biz Mix
Love this hotel so much we had our wedding reception here, Danijela is a FANTASTIC event planner!!  Good location to see downtown Charlotte too.
Free wifi in the lobby. Great place to chill out for a few minutes if you work uptown.
Executive floor is super awesome
Quick little getaway with the hubby!
It's time to get my birthday weekend started! The kids are so surprised. They are going to love this!
Bummer. No  bacon in the breakfast express!
Have dinner at Grand Cafe!!
If you enjoy a good atmosphere this is a good place to land
Free full breakfast, free dinner, 2 free drinks per night, free internet, free parking, great corporate rates, nice swimming pool (in and outdoor with swim-under divider), and functional exercise room.
Corner suite on the 8th floor is HUGE. 1.5 baths, living room + bedroom. No mini fridge or microwave though.
Lunch buffet has gotten significantly more expensive, but there are more salad ingredients and variety (blue cheese, walnuts, cranberries, etc.).
Turkey burger is terrible.... Frozen processed thin patty. They cut a lot of corners in my opinion. Disappointing to say the least
Run of mill sports bar in hotel
Ez to get to from airport by $2 bus (Sprinter)
Clearly a business that has given up. Will not go back.
Has one of the best concierge lounges.
Check out Deq lounge on the warmer nights
Hmm, not too impressed for the price. Only good thing is the location. Rooms are older and don't strike me as exceptionally clean, hallway noise is loud and can be heard all night.
Don't let the $12.95/day wi-fi trick you! After walking all over uptown trying to find wi-fi to submit my paper at 9:00pm, I come back to the hotel upset that I was unsuccessful. I sat in the lobby and my iPad picked up MarriottLobby. I figured you'd have to put in your room info like you do upstairs - NOPE! I could've had my paper submitted hours ago if I had known...
The staff gets 5 stars!!
It is a bit over-priced for the quality of the rooms. But, still very clean with a friendly staff. There are several accommodations like bars, restaurants, pool/spa, and complimentary breakfast. Valet is not included ($24.00/day). Overall, it's a good hotel and right in the center of Charlotte uptown area.
BUSINESS TRAVELLER WARNING:  The Marriott no longer considers a desk or office chair to be a hotel amenity.  Do not plan on getting work done from a sofa or bed...
Ugh.
I hate how their keys never seem to work in the room doors.  #fail
Pretty slow internet.
Be sure to stay in the Tower. Main bldg rooms are dingy
Concierge service is over the top awesome! Ask for Debbie!
They have valet-ONLY parking. :-(
Go green and decline daily housekeeping for 500 SPG pts per night
Request for the fitness room
Stay somewhere else! Disgusting restaurant-the Ember Grille (Overpriced and gross). Dirty hallways and carpeting in rooms.
Come join us for Takeover!
WXYZ bar!
Brown chicken, brown cow....
Takeover Friday!
Next Takeover is February 22nd.
Heavenly Home Away From Home
Cystic Fibrosis Fundraiser supporting Teresa Fautch!!
Roof top pool time can turn a frown upside down.  Thanks anonymous friend for joining me on a school day.
Kicking it with the parental unit at the casino!
Free parking! Valet son!
Ask for an odd-numbered room above the 10th floor.
Ew
Nice views of the skyline.
My home for the next 4 days - pretty nice :)
Time to win now!!!
Beautiful decorations for Chinese New Year!!
Time to gamble :D
Don't think I've ever checked into a Ritz that's less than $200 a night!!  W00t!!
Great lobby bar/restaurant - Embers, go for the DeLoach Pino Noir! Seriously good wine. The tomato soup is delicious!!! Rooms are ok, decent gym, service is always great here. Solid contributor to the SPG family! Excellent location too!!!
SPG platinum guests at Wild Horse Pass hotel can use the facilities complementary! Gorgeous grounds and pool area. Relaxing with nature soundtrack... :)
Very friendly staff; check in, lobby bar, and housekeeping all make point of acknowledging you and saying hello, good location to walk to dinner - no full service restaurant here. Super comfy bed. Internet business center. Fitness center too! All buttoned up for the business traveller!
Super friendly staff and excellent location! Not so much on the rooms though; poor water pressure and platform hard bed. Can't seem to get the room temp below 81 either; loud mounted A/C unit.
Ugh! Not sure about this place yet. Feels like an Ikea Motel 6 and room is very worn... Stains on carpets, peeling paint, cracks in walls, no curtain liner (pitch black or let everyone see your bits!) ugh! I wanted to love it and for it to be Adler-esque! Lobby def gets cool points!
First morning here. No coffee in room, restaurant has been closed since yesterday, no room service - are you kidding me folks? Where is a girl to get hangover food?!?! Help! And dog poop all over the ground!
Great staff! Easy business location, close to airport. Clean, comfy room with the expected heavenly bed. Great soaking tub in the corner rooms.
In the middle of nowhere but gorgeous!!! Kayaking, water sports, spa, oh my!
Awesome small venue with good sound. Mayer Hawthorne brought it; ahhmazing!
Great hotel, friendly service and amazing view!
Westins have the best bed linens...my room was a little too hot for me...air set to 64 and was still a bit warm.  Otherwise, very nice place.
Love the free Starbucks coffee in my room.
Of course there's a bible in the night stand. We're in the south!
Love. Heavenly bed. ;)
9ers in the house.
Mystery? Or no?
Great spot for a conference.
Great use of space. Small room feels three times the size.
I just saw Anthony Curtis, my trip is made.
Friendly staff. Super comfy bed. Awesome shower head. Can't go wrong. Unfortunately, wifi isn't free, so plan accordingly.
Book a Superior corner room if available! Two windows with sweeping views and located at the end of the hall far away from the elevators.
Beds are great and fitness/pool area is good, people are fantastic.
Quite possibly the best happy hour in uptown Charlotte.
The breakfast is pretty much doughnuts,  toast, cereal items, yogurt and hard-boiled eggs.
The old man that works the breakfast room= very rude & surly. Don't ask him anything.
Be patient with the elevators all over the property. Half of them work correctly. Not an exaggeration. #theysuck
One very clean place. Definitely renovated over the last year & close to the mall.
Complimentary beer & wine 3 nights a week here? Ohhhh yeah!
Try the Hilton a few blocks up the street. This Westin has too many customer service issues.
This hotel is close to everything... Including the Panthers' stadium as witnessed from my room!
DO NOT park in the garage unless you are playing here. Validation is difficult and we are currently on 20 min wait to get out of the garage. Just wrong! (Picture is the view)
If you start winning at the tables watch out.. Drinks will come slowly hoping you will bet more.
Book through casino marketing with your club card- VIP service all the way!
The fishy slots are hot!
Free wifi is a good thing.
Upgraded to the VIP floor. What a pleasant surprise.
This Hotel charged an ADDITIONAL $100 in advance on your charge or debit card, in case you have incidentals. At checkout (no incudentals) was told it would be refunded,"Later."
Free wifi. No free breakfast, which I've grown accustomed to
Biggest tip: Stay elsewhere!!!!!!!!!!! Being greeted by a roach at 12:30 am after a long day of travel and play with a child isn't my idea of relaxation.
8 and 9pm shows. It gets very hot near the front of the show.
Bring your own food and save $$$$$. Skip the smoothies,  passed off as frozen alcoholic drinks and save  $$$$. Bring a pillowtop mattress and fitted sheets if you prefer a comfortable bed.  Be prepared to thoroughly enjoy the waterpark.  It's what you come for and its where their focus in quality is held.
Parking is $18 to self-park and $24 for valet. Turn left into the lot as soon as you drive over the light rail tracks. The sign says Wake Forest University on it.
The breakfast is NOT included. $14.75 for buffet. You get a discount of you are an IHG member. 15% off.
Was just ok. Don't expect too much. Basic everything. Restaurant seems nice.
Under going a complete renovation and lobby is a mess. Several floors are off limits, while others like mine is supposedly done, but plumbing issues. Alarm sounded for 15 min that there was an emergency and to evacuate when there was none. Not a good day 1.
Do the 107 Lounge or the restaurant after dark.  Better views, and it's way too hot during the day.
Great service, clean facility and a great atmosphere.
Internet and health club are free for Hilton Honors members. Charges for non members,
Try to get a room that isn't on the busy street...noisy
First time here, newly renovated, very nice for business travel!
Am really liking it so far though, restaurant selection is very limited
Check in discount is ONLY good for standard rates, nice place to stay
Use parking deck. Valet is a mess!
In-room charging station with 2 USB ports
They recycle and the rooms are nice. Free breakfast.
Yummy breakfast
Nice and clean!
Pre-Panthers Game Tailgate!
Very clean. Good breakfast. Overall great stay!
Sweet Tooth Festival was AMAZING
Keith Urban and John Mayer at 2011 Tiger Jam!
Great afternoon at the spa!
Get your free Total Rewards Card at guest Services and rack up your comps
Great view. Comfy bed. Automatic lights and curtain control :) Can hear neighbors next door! No plugs next to bed.
Great view from the restaurant! #hotel
Comfortable beds, clean rooms, free breakfast.
Free breakfast 6-10 am!
Decent hotel right at the Epic Center. Parking garage $20 without in/out. Or valet $25 for 24hrs.
No comp breakfast, but there is room service and a restaurant on premises.
Free wifi and breakfast. Nice lounge.
Free hot breakfast until 10:00am. The omelettes are the best with the French toast/ pancakes. Biscuit and gravy was good too!
Checking in. Hello gorgeous!
Still alive!
Still alive!
Sterling's!!!!
Home for the next 5 days. Front desk is painfully slow....
Thank God for full blast AC.
Repairmen outside my door woke me up early. Grrr...
Chicken quesadilla! Predinner snack...
NC is too hood to be walkin around at night. Back in the safety of the hotel at the bar.
So fucking hot outside. I retreated back to the safety and AC of the hotel bar.
Grrr kitchen's closed. Room service it is...
Park yourself and save the $15
Ichibancon, I definitely know I'm  not the nerdiest here, hands down
WTF? I'm being drag here against my will. I feel like I'm in Arizona! lol
Came to check out Gente De Zona concert. It was cool. Lots of Cuban girl hotties!
A random woman by your side, you drunk and winning = happiness. Oh Vegasss!
Trying my luck at the big grand daddy of them all!
Right in the middle of what's happening in Charlotte, which is the Epicenter and that's it
Welcome to maximum Vegas!
$20 min charge on nights the jazz band plays.  But you'll spend that on a couple of drinks easily.
Nice Doubletree- usually a Marriott guy, but this property is just as nice as a standard Marriott- great location (for me at least)
Very nice hotel- great bar area
Great hotel. One of the finest Double Trees I've been to. New, stylish furniture, spacious rooms, comfy beds. Half price of others downtown.
Arrived for New Years weekend in CLT.
It appears the "Ocuppy" movement has got tired of tents and have moved into the Double Tree hotel.  There sooo many uattractive people here,
#Orchards Fried Zucchini for the win.
Very friendly staff
I stayed there June 2013 and the entire facility was smoke free and the parking was still $$.
Close to the stadium, not far(1 mile) from Epicentre entertainment complex.
Use ber code DJ98J for a free ride around town.
Use ber code DJ98J for a free ride home.
Use ber code DJ98J !!!
Tell them Mike sent you ! #phish
Where the hell did my butler go !?
Use ber code DJ98J for a free ride around town.
Use ber code DJ98J !
Friendly! Friendly! Friendly!
Friendly staff and decently priced rooms. A bit hard to find.
Extremely nice people!
Swanky!!!
This hotel has a wonderful staff. Rooms are average. The staff makes this hotel worth staying again.
Nice hotel that's been recently renovated. Nice modern touches and look. The NASCAR museum is right across the street.
Here's a nice view of the night time skyline from the hotel
Much lower room rates than on the Strip on a Friday or Saturday night.
Great smoke-free hotel. No casino here either. Much more quiet than the other casino/hotels, yet still right by the Strip.
$5 parking next to hotel. Self park and use hotel's complimentary shuttle!
Chocolate Bar
Buffet line setup poorly more to follow
Wow! Nice comfy feeling here, casino, bowling alley , decent food prices: $1.50 hot dogs, noodle shop $6.99, I really like the feel, shuttle that runs to Orleans then Bally's and back. Come on now don't gamble with your stay too!
First impressions..Looks :.massive and stylish ...service: 4004 rooms and 7 checkin attendants waiting in line like a Disney e ticket back in the old days some of the glitter removed...Restaurants: Javier's so far#1 $14 Dollars for 24 nacho chips, cheese, guac and sour cream, a little refried beans and the wait stated he could not split the check so the wife could expense her part...crappy
Still a great place to stay
I have stayed at ARIA 3 time 2012. 2013. 2014 loved it each time.
MeckEd's Community Breakfast
park in the covered parking garage
The bar to be at during the DNC
Room with a view of the strip or the fountain if possible.
Rooms are pretty spacious and hotel bar is a popular spot.
Perfect location, great rooms, awesome hotel.
Large rooms
Great downtown location and good for business travel.
Spacious rooms, modern touches. Awesome.
Best hotel in Vegas! Rooms are sick!
Great patio and outside deck. Perfect for ski season!
Central downtown location near businesses and dining.
Definitely go with a king bedroom
The grand champion of airport lounges
24 hour party. Perfect for the younger crowd.
Escaping the hurricane
Group discounts here! ;-)
Wrap around suite is soooo gorgeous!! I could seriously stay here forever!!
Doin the dirty at tha D.....
J/k!!! Just saw the best Prince tribute band here... in the lounge, 2nd floor... best Prince "tribute" ever.....!!!!
They have cookies, but sometimes you have to ask. The nice desk staff will gladly help get you fat!
The location means the rooms here can be pretty loud. Ask for a room away from the highway side. It's a huge difference.
Concert time! One Republiccc!
Smells like grapefruit up here. Like!
Hole in the wall pizza place on the upmost floor. Suppose to be an employee hot spot but they serve tourists too.
Nice room, Wet Willies is 2 miles away. Hotel has complimentary shuttle service anywhere within 3 miles. Excellent choice downtown Charlotte.
Parking $10 self or $15 valet
Old and weird vibe.  Needs update
Free manager's dinner on tues and wed. This is pretty good food. Full salad bar, chicken tenders, hot soup with corn bread, Alfredo tonight.
Complementary shuttle service 3 mile radius
Continental breaakfast!
Definitely walkable to epicenter...just not in the cold. brrr. Take the shuttle during winter.
Get me out of here!  Loud and obnoxious people next door!
Jazz music starts at 9:00 pm Fridays
Hotel is fine. Little outdated as far as decor but for the prices you can get on Priceline a huge value . Location is great and for $5 you get access to a great gym in the hotel property.
The elevators are on the far side (the exit side) middle of parking decks. The closer to exit you get the closer to elevators.
Stay else where. Avoid this place, avoid the employees, avoid the elevators that are slow, rooms needs major updating! They must have been last updated in the 80s. I don't like this floral pattern they have going with everything (carpet, chairs) Plain and simple stay away.
Complete disappointment! Rooms at the Comfort Suites are better than this dump.
Room 1411 has vaulted ceilings.
Pass
Don't park here for airport
Absolutely do not stay here!!!!!!!! Meth and crack whore haven!!!!
Lots of hallway noise/no free internet/no free breakfast...230 bucks for the weekend...never again! I think this is an old LaQuinta Inn?yuck
Amazing love the room bigger than whole apt in SF
Thought I'd stop by and see if former coworkers were working the swing shift tonight.  Recognized a few, but no one I was really close to...
I am on the backside there is a train on the backside as well as a fairly busy road.  Get the middle around the pool to avoid the road and train noise.
Book online via hotels.com app....average price range  $37 - $50
Book online via hotels.com app, they charge almost double or more if you book in person.
Book using hotels.com to save money. Usually under $50
Staff is great and has the Hilton service level I expected. Beds very comfy! A/c didn't keep the room cold... but it is the beginning of spring and the first warm days of the season.
Nicely appointed standard Holiday Inn.
Expect the unexpected.  Close to the airport, a little traffic but not noisy.  Green is the word and they mean it.  Often a bit pricey for the service but otherwise not a bad location or hotel.
Free access to pool everyday except Saturday
direct rates cheaper than those of travel sites
**BEWARE** you will be woken up at 7 or 8am by housekeeping if u do not put on "do not disturb" sign
Always does the trick
Dirty
Steve is a wonderful employee!
Dropped my load....
Left on Cope Ave to git 2 trukkrz entrance
$9.99 Last nite I devoured it...no pics
$35 rooms wit ur cdl
Awww a lil itty bitty dog park...caseys corner
They r promoting their playerz card n in tha meanwhile, drawing names to go in2 tha money bubble n grab flyin dough
Raiders fans welcomed
$9.99. Luv it!
They got tha best jams playin ... Good n hood ()
Very impressive hotel, definitely a kids paradise
All tha bad reviews seem meritless after visiting!
0_o
Killn time :D
:D
:D
Slow azz valet....
Zzzzz....
Zzzzz....yeah
Slow Valet again....
Ima lounge a bit b4 I go 2 Long Beachl
Yup....
Best hotel in Vegas.
Checked in pillows were strewn about and no pillowcases. Not too happy
Bad... I live two miles down the road
This place is a little older (people and buildings) but its still very nice.
Room upgrades rock! Why am I only here for one night?
Sweet suites!
Beautiful!
Impressive Sky Suites. Ultra modern and spectacular view.
Love the Suites!
Very nice rooms, staff is friendly and being a new property is a plus. Restaurants in the area are great too.
We are on the 13th floor!
Cool sushi bar on the patio
Enjoying a drink while enjoying a spectacular view
KA!!
So far room is not ready. :(
Birthday Dinners.
PMI Phoenix Dinner Meetings here 3rd Thursdays of the Month.
Drink inside a hanging chandelier.
Very new, very clean, very pro staff. Thanks Justin.
Hey room 408 STFU!
Adam Carolla!
Remodeling!
Hope this parlay hits Mongo!
Prometheus 3D!
Finally somewhere to lay my tired head.
I actually never want to leave. This place is amazing!
My client's hotel. Fantastic service, great location in Old Montreal!
Ivan, I'm here. Where are you!?!
Fact. Only doctors from Boston named Jo get ahead at Vegas casinos.
Time to relax.
A great day for the lazy river. Buckets of beer - 4 beers for $20
Man do they keep the ac low
Pre Party!
Tony Romas steak and lobster for $11.99.
Checkin part deux!  Comped suite, so sweet!
We're here!  First checkin...comped, baby yeah!
Jabbaokeez! & Minus5' Ice Bar new to the MC since the last time I was here. Play at the bar n get free drinks, so Vegas.
Aria greeted us w the scent of vanilla as we walked through the lobby.  Looking forward to exploring one of Vegas' newest resorts.
This place will make your neck red... be warned :)
Starbucks inside. Great location for folks working on Lakeshore, 12th, 13th
Yes!!!  Love this hotel, free WiFi!!!
Stay here a couple of times and was always happy with the accommodations.
Gay world series host hotel!
Clean rooms!
Once in a while, travel is ok
Not bad for $118/night. Maybe because it's 110 outside?
Another four walls that aren't mine
Sweet upgrade!
Excellent sports book room!  Video screens are ginormous!
My favorite pool and hotel.  #relax
One last hurrah before we fly home!
"I got your dauber right heeere"
Free Internet. Adequate rooms
Movie theater is about 15 screens and with new releases.
Make sure they charge only for the nites u actually stay ...
Home away from home :-/
Used to like this hotel .. Gone downhill and has paper thin walls and a rude staff
U best b pretty or forget passing the velvet rope... Oh thank God ... Maybe it's my hair... Or my runners legs... Ugh... Stress I tell ya!
Slowest shuttle ...
Not one staff member that doesn't go the extra mile:-)
Beautiful suites.... Awesome staff... Love VIP check in:-)... Last
Completely unimpressive Starbucks inside.
Free beer!!!
Nice spot. Really quiet tho. No happy hour crowd I guess.
Very nice reception here... Needed it, too, since we're held up from going home until tomorrow...
All in Baby!
Human Trafficing Seminar
Also the Clarion. Confusing enough?
Rooms were ready!
Thin wall between 810 and 812.
Now called the Charlotte Uptown Plaza hotel and under renovations. You may get a room like mine with a view of plastic covering the window.
Great staff.
Awesome workers here. Especially the Security Guard and Valet early morning.
Tower rooms rule!
Avoid this fuck palace - rubber mattress covers!
Bugs!  Ugh!
This place needs renovation
AVOID THIS HOTEL! !!  There are BRIGHT lights shining in the windows (for advertising) strong enough to read in bed.  Obviously once they have your credit card they don't care if you can sleep.
Love the breakfast buffet 6:30-11
NO HBO!
No free WiFi.. and the signal is SLOW.
Bath faucet backwards. Be careful (Forget 'righty tighty - lefty loosely')
Try Nana's across the parking lot for GREAT regional (soul) food!
Windows are sealed shut ... forget fresh air in this STALE motel.
It stinks!
Nite Cap
What an AWESOME Hotel!!!
Here for afternoon tea at the Ritz to commemorate Zaley's 9th birthday.
Thanks Bobby. NOREX International Roundtable.
Just visiting.
This is what the airline clubs use to be.  Great food (not just snacks)  and an open bar
If found, please return here.
Beach towels for the pool!
The boonies.
Convenient restaurants of all kinds nearby
In bed
Gunning for top hundo.
Leaving on a jet plane... or black CRav
Great bathrooms
Want to gamble... looking at makeup is a GREAT substitute, though.
She doesn't know about the 2 in 1 check in.   Hahahahahaahahahaaha
Wow its middle of no where.
Time for some art!
So beautiful!!
Making s'mores and enjoying wine!
I love birthdays :-)
Amazingly decorated rooms, great deals on hotwire.
Beautiful hotel, still on strip but a lot less casino-y.  Nice!
Right in the center of Toronto's "Times Square".
Freakin' chic!
Top notch hotel. I'd deem it to be one of the best for the price!
Restaurant week begins! For us....
Nice banquet facilities...
Very nice clean quiet rooms within walking distance to a lot of stuff.
Fine little hotel. Clever rooms.
Gawd, what's wrong with this place!!, what isn't!!??
Loved the HHonors Dismond check-in
So pretty!!
Longest line to check in that I've ever seen in life.
Housekeeping needs to step their game up!!
Hotel is dog tolerant, not dog friendly. There is a difference. You have to nag and nag to get things and housekeeping sucks.
Best view of the bellagio fountains
Last night here...and while I'm sad my vacation is over, I'm glad to be out of here...
Roaches, cob webs, cruddy bed.
Finally made it
Here
Heading out for the walkabout
Going through. Nice place
Looking for life. Big over 90 crowd here. Not that there's anything wring with that
No wifi in the rooms. Hello, it's 2012.
Checkin #2
Uh.....huh
Night was perfecto at Flamingo overnight stay. Now to Wynn!
Yes! Upgraded to a Suite!!!
Suite!!!!
Smelly
The check-in line is at least an hour long.
Checking out early for 7am flight 30 minutes away! Street is dark. Hotel is sleeping.
Great room. Business center actually prints!
Here for CAPRSA conference. Lovely setting and early check in--yay!
Home for the weekend!
Rooms are so-so, but the casino, tram, restaurants, location, and everything else are awesome!!
Big space, good place to sleep...on to the next hotel!!
Towels smell like burnt toast
Living like a pirate this week. Argh!
Loving the atmosphere, music and friendly staff. Every time I walked past someone who works there, I was greeted with a hello and a smile.
My current favorite
Best choice for downtown.
Calling it a night.
Back from rehearsals, watching the Kings game in my hotel room.
a step above Excalibur and Luxor, a step below Wynn and Palazzo. but pretty damn nice bargain for $56.
Sex and the city
Checked in.. And getting ready to hit the buffet.
Chilln infront of Bellagio.. Michael is going to bet on the Pacman fight!! $5 patron shots... Wooooooo!!
Happy hour - Le Central 12-7p
Andrew's spot- separate party!!
Kay is finally gambling. Pai-gow.. $5 min bet.
Watching the show!!
New
GOP debate today
Tiny rooms
If my company didn't choose & pay for my hotel I wouldn't stay here.
Long ass check in lines. No bueno.
The rooms suck
Water slides and lazy river, the skin doctor is going to kill me.
Amazing resort for everyone! 10 pools, tennis courts, kid programs, golf, Onsite day spa. Recommend Regency Club for all day food & drinks!
Kids Tennis Program. Learning from great International instructors!
Gelato time! 24 hour Cafe!
LOVE this resort!!! Perfect everything - GREAT looking staff, great CS, comp margaritas, onsite spa, tennis courts, etc.
Amazing oasis! Andalusian feel, like Spain. Day care, bars, cabanas w/ tvs, rooms w/ patio, Mohammed Ali walking by, slowly. :)
Amazing resort! Pools, cafes, restaurants, relaxing Joya Spa, yoga sessions, etc. Large bathroom with spa. Kid friendly! We'll be back!
Day 3 of PAINWeek meeting!  Great venue for meetings, hospitable staff, good selection of restaurants! Love this hotel overall!
Wingate by Wyndham never disappoints.
Great rooms with great customer service.
Only 2 WiFi connections allowed per account so connect wisely.
Beautiful hotel in the middle of the Strip.  Courteous and pleasant workers.
One of the best casino resorts in Las Vegas.  Not a lot of drunk patrons yelling when gambling.  LOL
Last day!  So sad.
Quiet rooms + comfy bed = restful sleep.
Waited 30 mins for front desk to show up.  Called the number 5 times, kept ringing and ringing.
Party time.
Free nightly entertainment.  LOL
They put "comfort" in Comfort Suites.
$300+ per night room, with screen tv in the bathroom mirror.
Let the games begin
From one pool to the next
Lindsey Lohan just came but everyone too drunk to care
In Vegas w/ Chase to run Rock n Roll 1/2 Marathon
Bring your golf clubs and gold card.
Amazing room for a temporary home for 4 days! Luxurious!
Amazing help at the front desk, very friendly.
Saturday night: Seems to be a younger, hipper crowd here.
Pool time!
Why hello Wynn. It's been a while. =)
Hopefully I can run into Paquiao here! Lol
Hotel #2 for EDC weekend!!!
Buffet pass! Just made it. ^_^
Upgrade? Yay!!!
So pretty!!!
It's time!!!!! Woooooo!!!
Damon at hotel registration was so nice and helpful! Be polite, it goes a long way! ;)
Old stomping ground!!!!!
I can't believe how prevalent the smell of smoke is here.
The bar tender is rude. And doesn't help he doesn't know how to provide excellent customer service
Nice rooms
Had to hit the pool before check out.
Love this place when we come here for business!
Really liking our suite, lots of room and nicely furnished.
Here training with the best of the best through Sunday!
Could today be the day? It sure could! By the grace of God.  It's the 2012 Career Fair!
Gonna get our buffet on.
Gambling.
Let the games begin!!!!
Time to gamble.
The parking is horrible here. Staff is nice so far and room is decent.
Perfect for the working girl on the go...
Craps dealers do not know rules.
Cheap! And buffet is great!
Buffet
Made it cross country to one of my favorite hotel brands.  Love the gratis upon arrival
My new favorite Las Vegas hotel, smoke and gaming free with convenient access to Aria and the Bellagio.
Traffic in this area is awful and its really hard to get around with the way the medians are set up
Looks newly renovated and modern.
Oh baby..its HOT!.. 105.....
Aloha Specialties Resturant...onolicuous!
To much to say... Just absorb the atmosphere ....
Donny and Marie tonight!
Very quick shuttle ride to and from airport. Every 15 min up to 8am then on the half hour. They even have a quiet floor.  Crew specials. Ck crew buddy app for more details.
Drinks & dinner
Veggie omelet to start the day!
The extended menu us great.....try it!
Complimentary  B~fast...
Great b~ fast...
Complimentary shuttle to the strip.
24 hr food service.
Vacation club really has it perks.... Love it !
777 with players card.. steak/shrimp.
In & out priveledges for $23/day.
Grab a crisp apple before hitting their fitness center, a huge bowl at the gym's reception area is waiting for you!
Switching it up - tired of Marriott property - so far good choice
My favorite Henkel location
Nice remodeled room - one bedroom suite
Just another bed
50$ a night?!? What?
No coolers- or outside food/bev. Whack!
Nice place.
Nice and clean but sure wish hotels would plan for people charging their phone on the nightstand.  Would love am extension cord.  Unplugged the clock.
Don't stay here, there are much better places.
15% off your entire meal in the resident hotel restaurant if you show your room key.
This is about the nicest a Fairfield gets
These new Go Rooms GO! They're super cute AND affordable....and NRFs (awesomeee)
Free Wi-Fi and poop stains on the toilet seat.
Staying in our hotel today for pool lounging and shopping at the Grand Canal Shoppes!
Finishing our trip with "Da Vinci - The Genius" Exhibition at our hotel!
Clubbing at Marquee!
Moving in for the week. Hope for a good review!!!
I have to give kudos, in this hell fury heat the temperature on air is so perfect in the rooms unlike tempestuous central aired locations!  Quiet and in a great area, close enough to my meetings this location is really nice - thanks to an employee named Tiffany who's smile and customer service offset the start of my stay.
Yummy lunch and view!!!
oops. meant hello hilton!!!
Quick stop. America stop making everything identical!!!
This place never stops!! It's a must visit
The tower looks cool so I'm giving it a try
Fancines! And the on site restaurants don't have unreasonable prices
Valet is prompt and courteous
awesome service! Ask and they we assist you. #ThankYou ask about IT! FF
Honestly the whole place smells like smoke, but the night staff is really nice.
Livin life
With my hunny...
Ehhhh this is an ok hotel for passing through and only staying a night. Long stays I would recommend staying at other hotels.
Pack a bathing suit, bring iced water bottles, get lunch or dinner and eat by the lake!
They definitely not on time. They wait for the room to be filled before they start. Smh
They only have 1 valet. Which is a pain if your staying in east or west towers
Use to be Fitzgerald... It's been renovated. Great location. Right in the center of Freemont.
Super packed.. Order doubles. Wait time for drinks long
Ick
Room is very European-studio-apartment-esque with their use of space. It's like, hey I'm a headboard but... I also hold your ironing board.
Nice change of pace for business traveler
$1 beer or margarita. Free "Promotional" slot cash
Lines
Kind of a frightening place.
Hotel entrance is on the back side of the building
Run for the hills...THIS PLACE HAS BEDBUGS!!! Sadly I discovered them at 1am so I hadda check out and pray to find something else, though I do admit being a bit shell shocked!
Free Scotch tasting til 8. Really nice!!!
Yamazaki Scotch-12
Great spot that has amazing charm. Gothic in it's scope bit intimate in it's appeal. The Artisan is the place the locals are so glad the tourists don't know about!!! P.S. This is my 2nd favorite hang in town.
Seeing Frankie Moreno (AGAIN!!!!) and I'm already excited!!!
it was so good last time we had to do it again.  frankie moreno rocks!!!!!
Watching Carlos Santana kick ass and take names. Awesome.
This hotel is really convenient in that its Strip ADJACENT (walking distance to the heart of the Strip), it's a Suite hotel (kitchens) and its ridiculously close to the airport.  I visited an out-of-town friend who stayed there while they were here in Vegas and I must say, I was quite impressed.
Oh your boybis Big Pimpin' now! what a GREAT hotel! Black and White motif done to the absolute Nines!!
Hugo's Cellar is one of the best upscale restaurants around. It's downstairs in the Four Queens.
Love the interiors, the movie complex, the bowling alley! And they have two Starbucks locations within the casino. Great locals casino, near beautiful Red Rock Canyon.
4pm check in. Rooms are pretty nice. I'll try to post a picture.
Get a room on the top floors for a view.
The drunks come out at night around Mills Road. Barf everywhere, even in the hotel elevator. Gross!
Home for this week. 2nd time this month that I call this place home.
Charge parking to the room.
Beautiful, brand new hotel. Love the modern deco. Parking is in parking garage. Love the staff here.
Maybe it was just a bad day, but the taxi line extended all the way out to the shuttle stop.  I noticed a private car service looking for business on the center island and was able to change lines, but more expensive.  Leave extra time or reserve a shuttle if you are leaving at checkout time.
The sunset from this view is epic!
The least busiest day of the holiday weekend is the actual holiday, score!!!
We are staying here for downtown mardi gras and so is everyone else! This is gonna be a crazy night
My new favorite hotel on the strip
None
It nice in here but I never win in here  I just don't know why I have no luck.
Stay in the east tower for views of the fountains @ Bellagio
Awesome place
Topless pool...really?
Interesting stay...
Three little words: no pet fee. And gold members save $14 by getting free parking!
Check-in is not au rez de chausse
Good amenities and one of the nicer Embassy Suites
Back to regular real cutlery now that the hockey team is gone
Newer more comfortable Homewood Suites
Hold down the flush lever to avoid any unwanted surprises.
amazing!
So pretty- i want to take a gondola ride!
The annoying staff at the info desk next to the entrance will aggressively try to sell you tickets to shows. Also, save time by checking out through the guest services feature on your TV's "Menu" screen; leave your keys in the room and you're done.
Not a bad little casino.
The best value around that is pet friendly!
Stayin on the top floor!
Lets be honest, im here for the casino
Mmmm best pizza in vegas!
They offer DVD so cool
Very good restaurant in the hotel. AMP 150, farm to table approach.
They offer free shuttle rides to and from the airport, places within 5 miles of the hotel and complimentary breakfast.
Oooh. Spinning doors.
Mini fridge and microwave in the room to store and heat snacks.
Free shuttle service! Hash House moved their location however.
Surly night shift desk staff is a doubletree requirement.  And those cookies are a gateway drug.
Don't fret if anybody walks into the lobby with a shoulder holster and weapon. It's totally cool here.  And it goes fashionably with a nine iron.
Nice casino with good ventilation. Cocktail waitresses aren't very friendly though and hard to find and flag down.
This place is super smoky. And cocktail waitresses are hard to come by.
Pretty large casino but smokier than most. Just walking through initially gave me a headache. Even the smoke free section was smoky.
I never seem to win here not even a little bit. Makes for one unhappy camper. Lol plus staff is never that friendly.
Love the PH atmosphere. Always good music and rooms are pretty nice for the price you pay.
Friendly staff, good restaurant choices, clean casino and the we walked out winners after spending $20. I say that's a good thing.
Smaller casino but I do like the atmosphere. It's very contemporary and I like the colors. Customer service is always nice here as well.
$25 for a pitcher and cups for beer pong.
$35 to take a gym class such as yoga/Zumba/boot camp.
Arrive early to get a seat if you have general admission for your ticket.
GPS does not work to find the address, use Jock n Jill restaurant as a back-up. They share the same parking lot.
Closes at 11pm, last call for alcohol is 1030pm
Old looking and dirty carpet!
One of my favorite hotels
When site seeing walking through hotels, this is one that can be skipped. It is pretty, but not much to see, unless I missed something....
The hotel is very close to the airport and offers shuttle service to the airport starting at 6 am and then runs every half hour
Trying our luck here at Fremont street.
McCalls the new steakhouse restaurant here at Stratosphere was great!  Great food, great service, nice atmosphere.
Filming the Hangover 3, with my business partner in crime.
I meet some nice people here and really enjoying myself.  Will definitely come back.
They now have Breathe Oxygen Bar
A must see when on the strip. You've been to New York, Italy...now #DOPARIS.
Seth is a very knowledgeable employee. Very helpful with directions and all things. He deserves a promotion.
Great Staff here. Professional and courteous
PUB is a great option for dinner and drinks. Visit Fat Tuesday in the Underground.
Walking distance to the airport!!
Bus stop for express 100 bus to Edinborogh center right in front of hotel
Awesome location!!
The cheap room advertised on the window is for basic room off-season
Free wifi and full on continental breakfast with eggs
Players club Gave us. Each a free steak dinner
Easy in and out from parking
Sure would be nice if there were a few more plugs.
Nice wedding facility
Fabulous lobby by the pool. ... wow
Club tower is a long walk from check-in recommend bellhop if traveling with many bags
HiltonHonors members have a separate check-in counter - shorter line/follow signs
Elevators not secured anyone can access all floors!!!
Hilton is always a good choice.
Very nice place. Too bad we are in meetings.
Biggest hot tub
Split charge $15.00
The wrap around east tower suite is a must
Do yourself a favor and walk across the street to Denny's for a REAL breakfast.  While the Breakfast is free at the hotel... It's worth every penny....$0  The yelp offer for $4 for a "summer splash" was not honored because neither the bartender nor staff knew what it was.  Other than that I like this hotel so 3 outta 5 stars.
Checking things out
The friendliest staff you ever find
nice people but definitely worn down hotel
GOOD: Friendly staff, free wi-fi, free basic breakfast. BAD: Dirty carpet. Stains on sheets. Bug in bathtub.
Many excellent room service selections, I walked the halls late and had many free selections, it's amazing what people leave behind.
1. Broken SofaBed. 2. Broken Glass in pic over bed w/ a dead Earwig in it. 3. No Aux inputs on TV. More to tell - review forthcoming. 2stars
Love the bar, lobby, and bistro area. Very cozy, comfy, and updated.
***** 5 stars all the way
buffet at the wynn is the best
Chillin' @ da Wynn
Loving Vegas, party at Surrender tonight 8pm don't be late , tickets at door for $40 pp with 2 free drinks
Party with YAD/YLD/JFNA @TribeFest #TribeFest 2011 Yahoo! 2nite @ SURRENDER. Who's coming???
Love love love this place!
OMG! 2 beautiful for words 2 describe. Brand new shiny,sleek & modern...City Center in Vegas is a marvelous Gem. OK, we'll stay 4 2 nites
Beautiful
I'm happy here. Plus I get Marriott points
It's too cool for school.  No porters  No luggage carts No AC No fans No fridges No space Huge TV, in a small room No parking Dark breakfast ....-you can order special stuff directly from kitchen like poached eggs, and omelets.  And the cheapest tiny room ~$200 The front desk IS the bar or is the BAR the front desk? Groovy music playing throughout hotel
If you need to drive in and out during your stay, ask front desk for a parking pass to hang in your car...
The light rail stops here! Out back...
EpiCentre is one stop north on the light rail...
Parking is in red level
Wow!!! The curtains open and the tv turns on with music when you open your door...Color me impressed!!
Valet Nightmare.
Really nice hotel! Very clean, but the bed was miserable, I woke up in a lot of pain both mornings!
Hotel is pet friendly!
Having bday party!!!
Beautiful hotel but it's far from the rest of the hotels and attractions on the strip! I would NEVER stay here again!
If you're traveling with friends, pay the extra money and upgrade to the Salon Tower Suite and enjoy 1,800 square feet of pure luxury. This is the classiest hotel in Vegas.
Sooooooooo overrated.
Way too nice for a schlub like me.
All the resort amenities you want. Golf, Tennis, Spa, 24hr pool and dozens more.
Golf, Tennis, basketball, gym, and swimming. Let's not forget an excellent spa shops, bars and restaurants. Everything you need.
Nice staff, clean, and close to the airport for a reasonable price. Just book your room early since it seems like they sell out quickly.
Nice new and clean.
Home sweet home for 3 months
Not bad at all
Clean quiet and food is good
Nothing special but it's clean.  If your looking on a budget you could do much worse.
Not bad to just close your eyes for four hours just to rest. Don't remember what it looks like
Overall - OK. BEDS SEEMED CLEAN. rooms were clean - but no friggen elevators?!?!wow.
I like this chain...but in this room's bathroom there's mold between the tub tiles.  Eeek.  Bleach would take care of it, but wait, we just paid for this room...$58 total with senior discount.  Should I be scrubbing bathtub tiles?
Ick stay away
Very friendly
Absolutely filthy. We checked out in 2 minutes
Asylum Tripel Belgian from Left Coast Brewing is sweet, spicy, floral, lightly hopped and smooth with 11.8% ABV. Left Coast Brewing is a family owned brewery. Available at 32 Degrees Bar.
One of my favorite spots uptown to sit & sip!
Private yoga lessons in the fitness center are amazing!
Book through book it.com the rates were better
Beautiful place!
Dirty food court.
Still one of my fav hotels.
The Ice Rink!!
Do they show gay porn on channel 69 all the time?
Great restaurants nearby
My favorite hotel in Charlotte
Changed hotels so that I could get more stays to earn my diamond status for this year
Make sure to see the fountain show
Make sure to see the lions
Tour of time share
Very nice sports book
$3 craps table
In Charlotte for a meeting tomorrow
Made it to Charlotte!
Beside monorail entrance
Check out their memorabilia
Very excited about our annual National Field Operations Meeting! Bring it on! Time to Ignite the troops!
Day 3 of our National Field Operations Meeting! Everyone is learning a lot and having a great time!  We work for a very special company accomplishing great things! I love the hotel the food is amazing!
Amazing sales convention! I work for great company with purpose and a mission! Now it's time to sell, sell, sell! Thank you! TriNet!
The Spa@Red Rock!
Check out the daily specials
Hair on the sheets, hair on the pillows, hair inside the pillows, hair on the floor, hair on the walls.  Hair.  Lots of it.  And it's not mine.  Did I mention there's hair everywhere?
$9.95 breakfast buffet is the scrambled egg, bacon, sausage; fruit, and packaged cereal standard fare would you could normally get for free at most other Holiday Inn locations.
You have to pay $10 for breakfast. Most hotels offer breakfast for free.
Lovely stay, but the downside of leaving on Sunday morning is the lack of luggage carts and more than two people can lug by themselves.  Doesn't checking out happen every day?
Swanky.
Great hotel. Take advantage of awesome gym!!!
They gaved me roof view after invited guest deal still I have to pay other room for 800$ for 4nights! Not concrete view please
They invited me but gave me roof view shitty rooms ... It supposed to be my favorite hotel ? Mr. Steve Wynn ......
At cash counter lady name " soon" was not happy and say no words to me. Unhappy not friendly biaaaaaach
There are no good bar for disable people,.Bartender ignore us because I was assisting wheelchair 92yrs old . Never stay the hotel
Starting Gate bar . Glass of wine cost $15- with unfriendly ugly kinda old white woman . What a rip off!!!
Total reward counter " Emma is pretty rude
When you go to boxoffice avoid talk to Daniel "San Diego,CA she is prettybut extremely mean she look at you " fuck you I'm doing your favor"
Finally arrived !
Class seems lousy
Way much nicer than strip area , also no much cigarette  smells  smell aroma .. 6/10/15 just arrived Htl front desk Hawaiian Jerrica assisted me very nice nicely she made my day!!! After hard trouble trip
Came back 9/29/15 by invitation elder larry got shitty room 5 pm still my room not ready yet ....
Big convention here!!!! Hitachi
It's 330 am. I'm trying to check out but no-one at front desk!!! WTF!
Ask to spin the wheel! I won 2,500 club points. Woo who!
Really comfortable beds and great front desk staff.
Tired. Goin back to sleep
Here again. Still the same... great!!!
Newly remodeled. Comfortable beds and a great rate. Very modern with free breakfast.
Parking is in the garage behind the hotel. Don't waste your time looking for something more convenient.
Trying to check in at 9pm and my room isn't ready...not a very good first impression!
Arrived just in time for happy hour- free margarita!
Pool closes at 10:00. Free soda and pop corn all day. Really bang for your buck hotel!
Easily the best people serving you at this hotel. If you need something and ask, they will do everything they can to arrange it for you!
Nice rooms. Good price.
Nice rooms very consistent.
Decent place.
This place has it all come check it out if you are stuck in charlotte.
Go to ramada inn. Best I found for similar price. But major difference
Stay here if you don't mind an unexpected roommate or two!
First time ever I got upgraded to a suite when I m not working!sweet!!
Very fast and friendly check in at 2.30 in the morning
Most unfriendly check in clerk EVER , for 3 rooms 2 nights
ACDC
We are here with a group , no early check in
Pretty much the saddest lounge breakfast ever! Not one piece of fruit!!
Conveniently located, friendly, clean!
Room 700 is the bomb!!! Huge suite!
We made it!!! Now let the fun begin!!!!
Request a room facing away from the epicentre. Also, the rooms look like college dorms.
For SPG members who get to stay on the top floors, the new rooftop bar plays music til forever and you will hear every beat of the music.
If you want a king bed, make sure you have a reservation and not a request for one.
Best 4th of July Celebration!!!
Wonderful "staycation" w/ the fam!
Don't book a "Fab" room. Spend the extra cash on a "Go" room.  Its like Motel 6 vs Hyatt. I lasted 1 nt in the Fab before asking to upgrade.
Definitely take a gondola ride!
Now open!
Kuerig coffee maker in rooms!! Very attentive staff. Clean hotel. Nice job.
Tyler at check-in provided great service!!
Keurig coffee maker in bungalow room.
Heidelberg holiday show 3-7!
Very pleasantly surprised. Can't beat the price for a suite. Suite looked brand new, very clean. Great "rain" shower. Giant TV. large room. GREAT JOB golden gate. Fun place. Nice staff too. Dancing dealers!
Beautiful resort. First class
Viva las Vegas
Prime steak @ strip house. Holly Madison show after. Nothing but the best Clark.
Cabbie said WYNN & ENCORE are the nicest on the strip & I think he was right. Beautiful places & good security
Bored meeting in progress
Stayed here for the pens game. 726 room smelled strongly like a wet carpet. Moved us to the 502. Better, but still had that slight musty smell. Check that out guys, wonder if padding under carpets are getting wet from winter guests. Smells like that.
Great place to stay if you're thick enough to barely speak one language....
Not a safe place for non-whites. Be careful of the desk clerk girl.
This location allows you to book a block of room for events, such as a wedding.
I recommend buying ice cream from here for dinner-- so hot outside!
Extremely friendly staff! The rooms are updated, clean, and comfortable. We've stayed here several times and are always pleased ( :
Wonderful hotel! Location is great -close to restaurants/shopping. NEW, upscale, & friendly staff.
Great music in the lounge on Friday nights. Food and service very good!
Too many poorly behaved and dressed people. Completely diff than two years ago. Will not stay again.
6th floor palace tower .....a room with a view
Restrooms are at the lobby but don't use the ones at that level, go down the flight of stairs for the full, higher capacity restrooms.   Also, if you use valet, make sure the hostess stamps it, doing so took that parking bill from $23 to $10.
This place is very nice! Try the croquettes. $5 happy hour.
Truly a gorgeous renovation and property. The owners have spared no expense while ask have not missed a single detail. Cannot wait to stay for a night or two. Thank you for brining this home back to glory.
Don't stay here if there's a wedding reception - There will be loud music, talking until very very late and you will get no service.  If staying in the winter, bring a heater.
Non smoking clean rooms.  Huge parking lot.  Descent place for a reasonable price.
It smells nice in this hotel. The room is the nicest I've stayed in in the city of Mentor OH.
Great new hotel. They have remodeled this place and its awesome. This is a great addition to mentor.
AMA mobile marketing event.
Loving the tub
Environmentally friendly with recycling bins in the rooms.
Dials on the AC/heater have been removed there is a thermostat on the wall.
Great location, good breakfast for free, decent pool and free parking. Not bad.
Definitely for the young and hip. If this is a family trip with younger kids, I don't recommend this place!
Fairly certain this place has bedbugs.
Dirt, dirt, and more dirt!
No fridge
Best $5 craps tables!
Save money with the Giant drink cup
Elevator 3b is a "Wonkavator".  It goes side to side.
Super helpful front desk employee let me know the differences between the pool, courtyard, and parking lot facing rooms. Gotta make sure that pool view price is worth it! When I booked through the central reservation service, the employee told me that the pool repairs have been completed.
Alan at the pool is absolutely amazing! Great person and we always look forward to seeing him on our yearly visit!
Best workout facility in a hotel that I have come across!
Hotel rooms are relatively clean. The price is moderate. They serve breakfast.
actual location was cuyahoga falls.....
PW plays all his Easy E jams on the jukebox!
Longest check-in line. Evarrrr!
Check-in line, difficulty level: Disneyland
Wedding party shenanigans
Fabulous Inn. Terrific attention to detail and your stay.
Fabulous Sunday buffet: salad  & omelet bar, breakfast & dinner items, prime rib, fresh veggies & desserts in a picturesque location.
Wifi? Lol. Call AOL cause your better off with a dial up connection.
The website is worthless. Dining: the only info provided (In-Room Dining) has broken English. Oh, and you can't book rooms online, either. Please try harder to be legitimate and hire a new website management company.
I really love staying here but you REALLY must do something about your check in process!  Every three to four weeks I am here and it takes 30-60 minutes to check in each time. It is not the volume of people but rather how it is managed that is lacking.
We checked in and were upgraded to the executive level due to hubby's status.  The girl that was at the front desk Kim  asked if it was a special occasion and we told her it was our anniversary.  She gave us 2 free drinks at the bar.  The bartender did a magic trick and now our 8 of hearts will forever be on the bar ceiling.  Walking out to get the free shuttle to meet friends near by the manager came out and wished us a Happy Anniversary.  What a classy place!!!
Entrance is on Heisley Road
This hotel doesn't give a hoot about the guests who want to get rest or have a quiet night. Stay away from this garbage hotel. I wish I had....
Pet Friendly... one of the few around here
Need To Remodel Rooms
Beautiful Property!
This Holiday Inn is now Ramada Inn...
It is now The Quality Inn...
Nicer than the Ritz.
Its downtown..OLD OLD OLD
Love love comp rooms.
Gambling time. Tables are not to bad.
Checkin in...
Not crowded on the tables.
Wow this place has change a lot or I just haven't been here in forever
party party up in here.. looks nice. But casino isn't so busy.
Rest stop. Wow busy
Wow sky suites baby
Sky suites baby!!!
Nice
In & out... That's how I like it!!
They give you pint sized Ben and Jerry's icecream.
Porter's for lunch with Charles!
Very average - not my favorite in the area. Feels like a chain. Clean, but boring.
Very nice hotel. Great lobby with bar. Comfy beds. Nice view of the lake and Browns Stadium
Capers bar can get fun - depends on the night
The nightly 3D laser light show on the patio is one of the coolest features I have ever seen at a resort... Bravo!
Telespan Conference for next few days. Looking forward to a good show.
JDRF (Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation) Gala tonight!  Great event raising BIG BUCKS for a great cause!
Actually a fun, drunk place late at night. Live music and stiff drinks
Very nice hotel. Free managers reception M-F 5pm - 7:30pm - free drinks and snacks are always a plus!
Parking for Art Festival is $10
Classic beauty
There's just something about Bill's that is just so Vegas... fun spot to gamble and enjoy some cheap drinks!  A must stop on the Strip!
Celebrating a Browns victory while the traffic moves out - priceless!
Best in Beachwood!!!
Manager reception on Wed nites not to be missed!
My new favorite on the strip - too cool for it's own good. Love the sports book!
Something special to behold - new gem on the strip
Bring gym clothes! But dress warm
You can special order eggs for the breakfast buffet
Free cookies at 5pm they're good!!
You can ask the front desk for cookies any time you want!!!
Bye bye Cleveland :(
I'm giving away free money!!!
Fear and Loathing in Vegas...I need Lazlo!!!
Caesar 1 JL 0
Would no recommend. Rooms smells like sweat.
Ask what thy take for a discount
Upgrade room and get free tower admission.
Join the club for great savings
Good family and pet friendly hotel off the strip....the doggie area isn't that great
Even though they were hella busy with two football games ( Badgers yesterday and Packers today),  the staff has been Johnny On the Spot and friendly.  Would stay here again.
Surprisingly good conch fritters.
Here last minute for a funeral- this was the only thing available. YUCK!!! Saw a bug, found hair in shower and BLOOD on the curtains!
Price varies on the week
Not a newer location but clean
They have a Starbucks in the lobby!
Vegan night!
IPA.
Starbucks on the first floor!
High rolling. Beautiful displays.
Keep it going!
It be all about Us!!!
Woohoo!  Dental seminar.  Yes I am still a nerd.  :)
Oh la la!!
Wedding Venues
People from out of town always hate on Cleveland. Stay in your cool cities and leave out backwater hideaway alone! We will see when the coastal waters rise and you run out of fresh water!
Free wifi. Aircon. Heat.
Incredible staff and incredible service. They think of everything. It's a sanctuary
We made it
Unlike last time,  Exceptional. Best veal meatloaf since Symon first opened Lola. Tomato based sauce always works better than gravy
Recently renovated. Pretty nice hotel!
Decent 3 1/2 stars, and cheap on Priceline, but uh, no hot water?
Sleep study!
One of the nicest hotels in Cleveland I've seen so far.
Exec lunch to announce launch of www.dailyreferral.com/1097. Businesses can promote for free. Consumers save also.
Get daily deals at www.dailyreferral.com/1097. Sign up for free.
Happy Hour specials are excellent. The croquettes appetizers are so good, you should get 2 orders!
2 for $40 on Wednesdays... Perfect for a family outing
I dream about the Shrimp and Grits.
Very nice and clean.... I have always liked this chain.
Delicious food and a spectacular happy hour
Deeeeelish. We had our rehearsal dinner here and the food will not disappoint.
Sit in the bar for happy hour for good food & value. Dining room not really worth it.
If you plan to stay here be sure to book the room, wifi and parking combo.
Run down over priced.Broken locks broken tvs broken tv remotes slow drains dirty carpet gross spare blanket lines at breakfast craby barmaid
Why? That is the question. Don't stay or eat here.
Spacious rooms, very close to airport
Great hotel, suite style, just outside of Cleveland; dog friendly too!
If you have to use a public bathroom here, head to the second floor. They are much cleaner than the first floor!
Finally back
Passing through
Friendly staff, really nice rooms, great pool! We'll be back! Feels like a friend's place...
Check out the Cleveland clinic shuttles. They go all over Cleveland and pick you up and drop you off at the front door of the Intercontinental.
Gorgeous little hotel !
Dirty floors, slightly seedy rooms and they sneak in a dollar charge for the safe. Much better value on the same street.
Closed
Complimentary breakfast buffet until 9am and free WiFi!
It's so cute during Christmas time
The worst hotel in Cleveland
Trucks/Vans - Parking 6' Clearance
Fantastic Suite.
Very nice. Great pools and courtyard. Rooms are really nice. Try Taggia for dinner! We'll come back.
When weather permits, the patio is a great choice! There is also free valet but don't forget to tip!
Close to Cleveland Clinic
A great place for a Friday night meal. Happy hour is till seven and it has a great beer special that is four dollars!! I got the five dollar burger which includes garlic fries that are amazing. I would recommend this place only downfall is to get these bar specials you need to sit in bar seating which can be crowded, first come first serve !!
The soap smells sooooooo good......
Ester is the best cocktail waitress on the floor.
If you like mussels and bisque, get the PEI mussels. Thick amazing sauce and large mussels.
Mathew is the BEST.
Lemon blueberry streusel dessert=A+
$6 burger deal on Thursdays is awesome!
Lovely hotel, relaxing spa, and the restaurant has excellent food! Perfect weekend!
Studio B buffet
At the Lynyrd Skynyrd restaurant n bar w my sister Erica n my cousin Farrah. Bbq is excellent!
Got view room but not a good view. Lol. Will be changing rooms in morning. Lol
Great place. Very quiet, nice size room n loved the shower. Here thanx to United n their smoking (literally) planes. After 3hr layover n DC
We were the first ones to hold our wedding reception here.
My bathroom's the size of a NYC studio.
Great place to stay when going to cleveland clinic.  Great food too!
I love this hotel, especially Thereza who is part of the front desk staff
Great happy hr everyday from 4-6.
Superb service! Use the connecting Skyway for everything from Starbucks to the hospital!
Interview
Finally!
The suites have plenty of space but it feels like you are staying in a hospital.
The staff is great. They offer a Cleveland Clinic discount if you are a patient at the Cleveland Clinic.
Free billiards
Sports show!
Seeing The Shins #lasvegas
Make sure you call in advance & ask when the shuttle will arrive at the airport. The online schedule states it leaves the airport on the hour but actually leaves the hotel on the hour & gets to the airport when it can.  They are willing to pick you up at other termminals just make sure you call. I called prior & still picked me up an hour later than my arrival time.  They have bugs (the indestructible R - types).  I hate to say it but they do, it is super close to the strip, less than one mile.
Training with Patch editors.
Officially the worst Hampton Inn I stayed in so far.
Eh, leaves A LOT to be desired
Nice hotel. Great complementary breakfast, close to Cleveland Browns stadium and alot to do around.
Great hotel. Got some history and close to alot of things to do in Cleveland.
Really wish I had a kitchen so I don't have to eat out every day.  Too bad so sad.
Home sweet home. Don't wanna hit the gym but I must
$3 craps tables!!
Back again
BeLLAgiO!
:)
Pretty
I'm Rollin~
Refrigerated towels in the fitness center. Nice touch.
The parking garage is on the corner of Euclid & 6th
Here 15 min early and can't check in yet.  You have to wait.
Parking is on 6th street (directly around the corner from the hotel entrance) Bring stub to front desk. They will scan it and you'll only pay $14/night to park. Second hotel entrance on 6th street
Don't miss the free wine and beer with hot snacks if you stay Monday thru Thursday. 5:30-7:00 PM.
Seems to me they routinely deactivate your room key every day at check out time so be prepared for this inconvenience if you are staying more than one night.
Pictures
Use triple AAA card they honor it at this location!
The maid walked in on me getting ready to take a shower in barely anything
Another Hilton property. Not bad, valet is good, truck stays in front of the hotel because garage has to low of a ceiling..
Another night
A quick breakfast then off to work at the University.
Good Hilton property.. Nice hotel
Another Hilton Property. Not bad, great resturant down in the lobby.
Settling in for the day.
Another Hilton Property. Nice hotel and good breakfast and lounge area..
More Hilton Points
Nice small hotel. Reminds me of a Hampton Inn..
1st room heater didn't work, 2nd room only had 1 bed, 3rd room phone didn't work ...........
Cheap but not worth it!!
This place is weird. Cool in a weird way.
Interesting hotel in a historic district!
Pet friendly for dogs under 30 lbs
Pet friendly, no additional cost
Stayed here with my husband 4stars great staff and service. Asked for fresh towels at the front desk the bellhop met us at our door. Excellent room service a bit pricey but that's expected they upgraded out room to the presidential sweet ... It was AMAZING!!!!!! Will be back for our anniversary
That's it. My next matress will be a Hyatt one (new of course). I love their beds! So comfy.
Loving my view of the lake and the cookie they gave me upon checkin. Room is appealing and planning on using their free shuttle service throughout my stay.
A great place to stay when you're just passing by Cleveland like us:)
The rooms are definitely worth the price! Get the one with the Japanese soaking tub :)
Some rooms have been "updated" / refurbished, try to snag one of those if possible
Questionable valet experience, tough to tell who's in charge, make sure to call at least 20 mins in advance
Checkin
Do NOT settle for a room that has not been updated.
Don't forget the Cavs play tonight which means TabaPlooza @ this bar. Hope to see some of you!
Don't forget to tip your bartenderd.
$5 black jack
$1 black jack!!
Mel is not thrilled
Beautiful blondes with fat bald guys-- love it!
Pool time
Awesome casino for the price
Shots, shots, shots!
Interview
Get the warm cookies!
Park at the Marriott's lot below Memorial Plaza down the street - $12 a day cheaper and with more spots.
Wifi is $10/day.
No in room wifi. Boo hiss
Free wifi in lobby
Beautiful hotel - the Hyde was a great spot for a wedding!
Staff is great. Busy hotel. Lakeview rooms overlook the freestamp, rockhall & windmill
First full day at The indie Gathering. Lectures and films theindiegathering.com
Gonna grab some dinner I think...
Dinner with mom & Steve...
Don't need to be near the falseness of the strip? Just need a quick over night? Want luxury and low cost? Stay here.
Great view from our room.  :-)
Kids in Need 2012 Summit
Be careful at night around the hotel
Very nice hotel close to nightlife and sports venues.
The room is nice. Haven't slept in the bed yet but it looks comfortable
Arrive after 5 on Friday and self park for $8 on the weekend vs $25 valet!
Join the marriott rewards program for free premium high speed internet. Also there's water and snack bars in the gym.
Nice hotel. The breakfast is very basic but rooms are clean
My home for the next four nights
Great king beds!
Holding it down!
Studio Cafe for lunch
Very conveniently located, great rooms!
Really great stay of 7 nights.  Clean and great breakie with our t
Great clean hotel staff Is well trained and although room is small but well appointed. Breakfast with room is very good--omlets made to order. Nice bar and good lobby scene
This place is fresh & delicious and the outdoor seating is great. Would come back any time  it is an inn too great wines and beers
The free place we staying at :)
The vending machines have 20oz sodas for $1.00. The pool is huge and is indoor and heated!
The Puritas RTA station is across the street from the hotel. Hop on the redline and ride into downtown Cleveland. You can walk there or have the hotel shuttle drop you off (it's so close it is quicker to walk) $5 for a day pass. I would stay at this hotel again just because the RTA is so close!
Friendly staff and check in & check out times are made easy! We would stay here again.
New hotel opening soon. Behind Legacy Village, between Pier 1 Imports & Dicks Sporting Goods. Nice new swimming pool.
Love that cookie
Bed too soft for me
The bed is way too soft for me
Newly renovated!
Love the place, but don't expect to get any work done on their wifi. It's pretty worthless.
Free WiFi in the lobby. Decent hotel bar.
Great brunch!
Let the birthday weekend begin!! :)
A fantastic place - an absolutely beautiful resort close to Vegas but out of town far enough to feel isolated.  Highly recommended!
I LOVE this hotel. Too bad so many 20 somethings do too.
Used to be a classy hotel until the invasion of 20-30 yr olds.
Right next to the highway and Hyde Park Chop House is attached.
Pricey, but has easy access to the airport--convenient for early morning flights. You can find better deals for parking offsite.
Good luck getting a drink at Capers.
Check out the club Impulse. Nice and friendly servers and bartendes and seems to have mainly the 40+ crowd.
opening day for hockey!
Breakfast buffet is pricey (almost $20), and you don't get much. The food is good, but very limited.   Also, as an Ohioan out West, I expected more flair in their offerings. Sorry, but a smattering of chorizo in the eggs, and a sad-looking jar of half-hearted salsa doesn't cut it.
I'm at a comedy in the ballroom. They have good entertainment.
Make sure to park by your room entrance....there are several of them!
Father's Day brunch. Yummy.
Checkin at the pool... like the sandy-bottom (pool, that is).
Dear aria- your check in lines are ridiculous beyond belief. Try to be more normal like your partner, the bellagio. Love always, a vegas frequenter.
Show starts at 7pm.
Great holiday display (ok it's Christmas, to be exact), but be prepared for crowds.
Bartender at Round Bar is very good!
You have to pay $20 extra for the renovated rooms.
Christmas present - Part Deux
1 nite
Nice conference rooms
Indoor pool is nice
Kevin is the best!
Filthy dirty, horrible customer service. Dogs barking all night. Avoid at all costs!
Ignore the reviews the hotel has definitely been upgraded and is way better than what people are saying. Also sign up for the Hilton Honors program for exclusive offers.
WXYZ bar is great for cocktails apps and the view.
ok after all those rides, i need to get some rest. tonite is the last nite at ohio.
getting my stuff, checking out n heading back to DC
Ready for Rich & Amber's Wedding this weekend
Wedding!
Free breakfast and happy hour!
Be sure to stop by and have an omelette prepared by Chef Tim. It was honestly my favorite part of breakfast, and his sunny disposition really got me in a great mood for the day!
Make sure u have your brkfast coupons when they give u your key. Avoid the watered downed cranberry juice and orange juice. No wifi here
It's so close to the airport
Get a view of the city center
Love the location, but this place needs some work.  I love Marriott, but this place is a little worn out
Get a high floor
Get a high floor
Get a room on the higher floors
Get to the pool early
Looks old
This is a great hotel. It's definitely not your average Hampton Inn
Best hotel ever!!!
Great last minute deal via Hotwire!
I connected to wifi in the lobby on my iPad and it remained connected in my room with no charge.
Pool open 24 hours
Rooms are big and clean! Friendly and efficient staff :)
Once a month I come here for safety construction meeting. The breakfast is pretty good!
The rooms are beautiful and staff was nice
Employees said I had to buy a drink, play for an hour, or eat at a restaurant to get parking validated. Lame.
The suites are crazy nice; I'm here for a graduation party. Congrats UNLV Ray, Christine, & the rest of the class of 2011!!!
Got a $15 credit at Zappos.com just for signing up for their Identity card (AKA casino card). Oh yeah!
The parking here is horrendous! Pay extra attn to where you are. Hope it gets better after the construction.
Great check-in offer!
Free airport shuttle!
Really enjoyed my stay. Large rooms mine had a Huge tub for bubble bath. Excellent service and a long list of amenities. There is also a tea house and salon. I went for the works- haircut, color, nails, high tea and hike on the walking trail. I will be back!
The parking not being included with the room is pretty bogus
Great pillows :)
Love the warm, cozy feel in the lobby and breakfast area. The fireplace is a nice touch.
Awful hotel and staff. Smelled awful in the room and had to just leave
Looks nice and great reception
Everything is well and everything close to the motel like DD, taco bell and 5 guys
Could use some more amenities. But good enough for the purpose.
Very clean, very friendly. Perfect stop for after a long drive.
Clean room. Friendly staff. Good hot shower. Comfy bed.
Super nice housekeeping !
Stay at the full service Marriott
Horrible! Dirty dirty dirty. Wish I could give it 0 stars
Weekend Waffles!
What a place!   I love this chain of lodging.
Here for the beerfest"
I love this hotel
It's like being home again.
Nice hotel but the housekeeping is hit or miss
No cell phone service in the downstairs conference rooms :(
Valet team is awesome & extremely helpful
Free wi-fi in lobby only
Book a room in the resident section these spaces are phenomenal!
Reception area has been spiced up, it looks great
Energetic knowledgeable and efficient desk team!
Outside deck at the XYZ bar is a great place to get work done, robust Wi-Fi connection is available, and out door fire place is soothing
Great professional friendly staff at the front desk
Annual Aloha Festival during 2nd weekend of October. Download $2 coupon for admission. Yum Hawaiian food!
Free shuttle to CLE airport. Free wireless Internet! Pool & spa open Til 11pm.
Came w/ group. 2 nites! Staff bungled r reservations,housekeeping confused, hotel has no direction. Its a dump, buffet horrible. AVOID!
This place is bad. Staff mixd up resrvtns, food bad, houskping poor. Place nds a facelift, mgmt needs a leadr! Avoid
They offer seasonal and local beers on tap!
Memories
Line what?!
2 hours of being led on about checking in before 3pm.  Why wouldn't you just give a proper estimate or offer a firm answer? Told to call back over and over to check ---only to wait the full time.   Awful guys, c'mon!
Great service, beautiful rooms
Complimentary breakfast, friendly  staff, great rooms.
Love!
Unless you enjoy dirty rooms that smell like toilets avoid
Great hotel if you bid on priceline.  Otherwise stay else where cheaper and get free breakfast, wifi, and same room.  Do better marriott!
Best pool!!
Cheapest drinks on the strip! $3 tables!
Ahh nice and quiet
So far so good...
Look out I'm here baby.
This is like my Home away from Home. I have stayed here the last 22 out of 30 nights. Not a bad place at all. I have been to much worse, the front desk is very professional, courteous, and always helpful
Nice Casino to hang out watch movies, bowl or grab some drinks. They have fast food restaurants and sit down restaurants (I haven't tried any of it yet)  This place is perfect if you're avoiding the strip and avoiding people who you don't want to be seen by. Sunset Hotel and Casino is nice and cozy.
Cha ching!
Good morning Vegas!
We had our catalytic converter stolen in the parking lot. Response from hotel- "park at your own risk"
Workout room, pool, and spa!!
Stinks and rooms are old
Weak location. Avoid if possible. May consider avoiding this entire state.
@ The Parlour
Time for my bday staycation!!!
Be nice to see football on the TV on Sundays! None American! Last time for me here for lunch!
Crappy place to have a concert at. Avoid going here for one.
No customer service here at all and you'd think this would be their number priority with be so far away from the strip.
Very quaint, old world style. Clean, nice get-away place!!
Very nice large room with a Parlor. Here for the Annual Twins Convention, held in Twinsburg, Ohio every first full weekend of Aug. Our 25th consecutive trip this year, Love being a Twin
Not the suite I paid for. Not very happy.
This place needs a total renovation. Can't even sleep on the beds. If you didnt have a bad back, you will when you leave. The lighting in the rooms has never been adequate, it's dark even when you put the lights on.  More to come in review
Stop by the  Grand Lux Cafe day or night
Don't stay here!!!
3rd floor rooms (both front and back of hotel) seems to suck cigarette smoke from smokers pit below in to the heating ducts of 3rd floor hotel rooms and hallway. I'd assume higher floors wouldn't have this issue due to more distance between front patio and hvac system along putter wall of hotel
Scary!
The calamari is a must!
They don't have the good Organic Craps machine here anymore.
Not the worst place I have ever stayed, but not one of the better low end motels.
This is the nicest Red Roof I have ever stayed at!  Clean, nice grounds and area!
Very friendly hotel...
I've always enjoyed visits here. Nice rooms, good food, cute cactus garden, great business center staff.
Free breakfast and evening receptions with complimentary drinks!
Cheap and not worth the $80-$90 a night rate in my opinion. Sticky carpet, uncomfortable small bed, the smell of smoke permeates place, I had to get air fresheners, needs upgrade and no smoking
Great hotel, I wish they had an opening this time for us. Upgraded, non smoking hotel, comfortable bed, nice kitchen, comes with dvd player in room too.
Workout area is one elliptical, one treadmill and some weights and exercise balls.  Fine for a basic workout.
Airport shuttle doesn't start until 7am
Good enough fitness center to make me sweat.  Two treadmill, one elliptical and a weight bench.
The hotel is next to a ton of mid-range restaurants! (Bob Evans, Denny's, etc.) It's kind of tucked away behind a Harley Davidson dealership, but once you drive there once, it's easy to repeat. :)
Turns out one hand doesnt know what the other is doing.
Get in there for breakfast early! Supplies run low.
Not sure why this place has so many good reviews. It's an older property, I stood at the front desk for at least 10 minutes before I saw anyone, only one elevator for 3 floors of rooms, price was way too high for the middle of nowhere in Ohio. I only stayed here because I was too tired to keep driving.
Signage for conferences and seminars would be great.  Please find some signs and start using them so people don't gave to trapse around your building!
This place could be so cool with some $ and love
Very nice hotel, friendly staff, and good selection of restaurants.
Be sure to sign up for the mlife players card!
Very nice. Remodeled rooms. And uber clean. The shower is even tall enough for a tall guy. Indoor pool and putt putt golf. Playground for kids.
It'd be better to sleep in a rent in the parking lot.
After buffet binge our tummies exploding
Time to nap
24 hours Starbucks babe need my iced chai tea extra chai please!
Check out lounge area in front & inside. So modern looking.
There is a B Cycle station on the hotel grounds https://madison.bcycle.com/default.aspx
Close to Madison and on the water for an easy getaway. A hidden gem!
Nice breakfast selection however not included in room so you pay a la carte.
Very clean pool and hot tub area. Just what's needed to relax.
Nice location for a small meeting.
Thanks Jan for making everything so easy during our stay.
The renovations are impressive!
Extra parking in the basement. Very clean hotel!
Platinum level bathrooms
Pretty decent
Baka Fresh!
No bedbugs but no features either.
Sunday research trip. - kind of scared.
Cheap Trick - Sgt. Bryan Peppers live
Drinking with Steve McKenna!!!
Ron is a liar.
Feels like home.
Spicy toast!
Free valet parking if you are staying here. Be cool and tip the valet :)
Great $2 jag shots.
Nice driver (Dan) and helpful front desk. Nice lobby and rooms too.
You can cash out at the ATMs.
Now smoke free!
Yay! We made it!
Lobby cookies!
Great place, shuttle is super helpful. Being on a trolley stop is great!
Amazing views, complimentary drinks, apps,  breakfast. Spacious  & comfortable room.  Worth the $ to stay on The Governor's Club floors.
First day at the Venetian. Had a problem at the ATM. Waited 30 minutes to try and get some help and they come over and give me a hotline number to call and say that's the best they can do for me. All the while the screen on the ATM says error. Not one person would help me. Horrible customer service.
Make-up on the pillow sham, AC set to 65F, but room stays at 76F, shower doesn't drain and only one towel. FAIL!
Re-programmed my room key without even checking my ID! Um, scary!!!
Good-bye Boulders. :(
Roadrunner, that Coyote's after you! Roadrunner, if he catches you, you're through!
My room is so noisy!
Nice beds, central location, friendly staff, good breakfast, but noisy.
Nothing like a quick trip to Wisconsin to kick off the weekend...
Expect to wait 30-45 minutes for food if you order at the bar after 7 pm.
The wi-fi is painfully slow. Be prepared to use 3G/4G on your devices, because the free wireless is pretty much useless.
If your wi-fi is super slow, call down to the front desk and let them know. They'll give a device to make the signal in your room stronger.
$4.99 ATM fee! Ouch.
Don't stay if there is a convention!  Forget about getting on an elevator in the morning and the noise in the bar echoes through the hotel into the wee hours of the morning.
3rd floor under construction
Nicest bathrooms to Vegas!
Really needs more places to plug in electronics!  Come on... Only one plug?
Eid prayer! Eid Mubarak!
Delightful salt water pool and hot tub!
No complaints! Great location clean bed, room, etc.
Nice concierge level.  Great rooms and comfy beds.
Great Gym and recently refurbished (April 2012)
Great water park! Enjoying getting in some off-season swim time!
Elvis is singing. Stevie Nicks and Prince are dealing. I'm amazed. I'm horrified. I'm a lot all rolled into one.
I forgot how
My home away from home!
It's how I kick it in Ptown!
Trumps Cosmopolitan. Not Trump the guy but like the action... trumping. Cosmopolitan sucks. Aria... big ups.
Absolutely stunning inside!
Free bike rental FTW!
Big money. No whammies.
Use online (mail and key) check in or be prepared to WAIT!
Very comfortable beds but puny bathroom
Stay away! Dirty, old rooms. Noisy clientele. We were exhausted & couldn't drive Amy farther or we would have gone on to Madison. Icky
2nd time here. Hotel is nice! Free booze! Rooms are aging but clean.
Old Fashioneds with a view.
Currently suffering through the 2nd of a 3 night stay. Be forewarned that there are no staff on site overnight. So there is no one to mediate your problem with the drunks in the room above you. This is not a quiet place to get any rest thanks to that, the obnoxiously loud Up North bar, the traffic outside your window, and the trains.
Jealous?
Anthony @ the front desk is awesome.  Excellent customer service.  Glad I decided to stay here vs the usual Hilton.  Would stay here again.
If you're up early enough for the breakfast make some waffles!
This is a mom & pop type of hotel. Not a roach motel or the Crown Plaza but comfortable, clean and friendly. Excellent place to lay your head to rest without breaking the budget.
Lakeview bakery: very nummy lunch and breakfast boxes for $5.50.  Includes a Sammy, fruit or pastry, and a drink
Boat race!
Lunch
Newer hotel with suite rooms, micro fridge, 2 flatscreens, comfy bed.  Enjoyed my stay here
Little bit of a walk to outside restaurants, but there is a small foodmart in the hotel.  Nice snall bar behind the hotel (walk around )
Clean large rooms.  Excellent location.  Nice staff. Second time here
Wonderful front desk staff and housekeepers. Love staying here each time :)
It's a nice best western for parents weekend at UWMADISON.  It's about 15 minutes from campus.  Get the complimentary breakfast coupon.  Breakfast is really good!!
Waldorf Astoria Hilton Hotel
WCASA/SANE nurse training
This hotel is nice!
Older property and a bit far from where we wanted to be,  but overall a decent hotel with friendly staff. Would recommend.
Resort fee but limited access to fitness equipment. Room key gets you spa's Cardio Center.
One of the best hotels in area
Arcade games in the lobby! There's a mall across the street and several restaurants close by.
Bring your own vacuum. You'll need it.
Not up to par when compared to other Crowne Plaza properties. Should be a Best Western
My room (118) had a broken pane of exterior glass and multiple holes in the window screen.  What's up with that?
A+.
Gross. Black mold in shower. A lot. No hot water in sink. Indifferent staff.
Avoid anything special in the bar!
Unbelievable that the MGM is stuck in the 90s, get up to date and accomodate Uber!  I wouldn't recommend staying here as the MGM makes it extremely inconvenient for customers.
New, huge modern room, 24/7 wkout rm, friendly staff, great location.  Love it.
A great place for a quiet getaway!
Awesome boutique hotel. They upgrade repeat travelers. Don't forget your bathing suit-- the hot tub & pool are great year round.
Great hotel. Clean big rooms and a big bathroom. Free wifi.
These double beds are more like twin size Don't come here expecting to share with someone that not under 5 or really skinny.
Wifi is spotty and everything takes 2x the amount if time it's supposed to. Don't eat at the breakfast buffet. It's terrible.
Great location for a wedding ceremony and/or wedding reception.
Great place for a brunch buffet!
This room is a little run down, but the bed is good.
I wish there was a pool and hot tub here, but otherwise the place is pretty nice. Hampton Inns are my go-to for biz travel.
The staff is great! This is our new go to hotel in Madison.
Ahhhh.  home;)
Rock it
Painfully slow checking in.  First time was April and I chalked it up to the renovation but there is no excuse for two people on desk the night before Sema when the entire automotive market is in town.  For the premium paid for the room I expect better.
Ask for a room on the North East side, otherwise if you are on South West Side prepare yourself for 6-6:30 am wake up call on Tuesday and Thursday, thanks to early pickup from the garbage truck
Nice quiet rooms
They've got the best beds in the hotel biz
Great location on the square
Rooms are nicely updated with plenty of places to plug in your gadgets.
Really close to the best farmers market in the US
Elegant rooms with some Great Lake views
Stop in the bar for a drink
Be sure to have a drink at sunset looking over the canyon-magical.
If you visit in July you can visit the "just for laughs
Tricky to find make sure to have a gps!
Great location, near campus and the Capital square.
Rooms 09, and 11 on each floor are a little bigger.
Covered parking behind the building
Bring your own pillow-there's suck
E-checkin is so great! Like 30 seconds at front desk to get the key then off to the room. Love it!
Love the online checkin app
Registration line a mile long. Ugh. Time to cancel first dinner reservation.
$20 on black
Ghostbusters. Wizard of Oz
Smells
Deal or no deal
Press your luck rocks!!!  No wammie no wammie. Big bucks.
Backward walkalators
If u r a foodie. This is your casino/ restaurant destination.
Oooh the TI,  when I was a Kid it was treasure island.... ;-)
If you don't like smoke. Not the place for you. Yuck.
Earl of sandwich.
Your reservation for queens/kings is NOT guaranteed. Ridic.
Check in online to save from standing in line for hours. They'll text you when your room is ready. Super convenient!
Cocktail waitresses SUCK at bringing out your cocktails.  2 thumbs down.. Ordered from 3 different waitresses.. Still waiting on that cocktail OVER a half hour later, and I'm sitting at the same machine. Soooo, I'm leaving. Hope you're happy red rock! Taking my business to crappy Aliante.
Complementary Breakfast!!
Picking up mamiko!!
Pack of loud-ass kids in the pool area. Ugh.
Conference time
Amazing setting, amazing service
Wow - its like checking into the 70's
Conference time
Possibly the loudest air-con I have ever encountered at a hotel.
Located next to a sketchy strip club - beware!
Exceptional staff and property - great stay!!
The back rooms are actually louder than the front as you here all the noise from TopGolf
Free popcorn at the bar on game days
Very clean. Great lobby with Flat screens and plenty of seating. Full breakfast and great coffee. Comfortable bed, clean bathroom with lots of water pressure in the shower. Easy walk to the football game with a near beer store and great Italian restaurant across the street. Stay here.
Very nice hotel close to the University.
$4.50 for a martini...
Big rooms with microwave and fridge; make sure to hit breakfast before 8:30 to beat the rush.
The hotel is in great physical shape, but the person who checked us in was one of the most condescending and nasty people I've ever encountered. Signed, JERSEY girl
Beautiful!!!
See the rooms. Seriously.
Come enjoy the first day of Summer on Houlihan's patio!
Looking for a place to stay in Champaign? The ihotel offers superb service and is within walking distance of the University of Illinois campus
Boom!  Landed
No free breakfast here. Just FYI is ten bucks and all you can eat.
AAA and AARP discounts
This place is great! Lovely service, thy provide a fridge and microwave and free internet!
Don't stay here. If every hotel in the area is booked, drive the 20 mins to Rantoul. The hotels offered there aren't anything amazing but they are clean (what matters most to me) and usually have a lot of vacancies.
The Indian kid working at the counter asked me if I wanted to get a non-smoking room because the smoking room I reserved "smelled really bad."  Also, some other Indian guy accidentally barged in my room.
Bite me, Venetian.  Rudest casino staff I've ever dealt with.
Ask for your complimentary drink (for a bottled beverage, coffee, or alcoholic beverage) ticket at check in!
What is up with the jammed sink plugs? The sink drain plug hasn't worked on atleast my last 3 visits, and maintenance even looked into it on the last 2 occasions.
Decent work out room!
Huge suite over the pool.
Make sure to have the free Amazing breakfast! There is an omelet chef making you the omelet your way! FREE!
I just realized how small the room can be
This place sux, no more free breakfast
1. Have a custom made omelette for breakfast. 2. Check your sheets - ours had nasty looking smears on them. 3. Be sure to take everything when you leave or you may never get them back.
Enjoyable   Parking terrible!
Fitness room is awesome everything is new. The whole place is new- has that new hotel smell!
Nice remodel
WiFi not very good
The whole window with the shade down is a screen. Talk about wide screen TV.
Here for the buffalo wings bowl!
Checked in to nice casita villa! Here for the Buffalo Wild Wings Bowl!
First time here wished I was stating somewhere else!
Can't beat the location but I Hotel is the better house amenities wise
Best hotel in the area hands down. And a great value compared to similar hotels in chicago.
Best hotel in the area. Gorgeously appointed rooms and very friendly service. Plus free shuttle around campus
Dress up black coat style
Use your AAA card for additional savings when booking online.
Bottles of water are complimentary! Just ask for one at the front desk.
Party time!
Breakfast buffet here I come!
Love this Embassy Suites hotel, best one in town close to shopping eating and movies, complementary happy hour and the awesome breakfast. Will stay again.
Better.
Yeeeeeeeeay! (Little John voice)
WSOP time!
P-p-p-p-poker face.
Best poker room!
Pppp-pokerfface!
$35. Score!!!
Aaaaand BEGIN!!!
Amazing!
Hello Vegas! I've missed you.
Pool, cabana, and bottle service. Fml!
Wow.
Poker room is huge!
Tourney!
Night time dip in the pool and a glass of wine.. Staycation :)
Super fabulous and wonderful mojitos!!!
apollo group event.
Starbucks... yum!
Right next to Fleming's
Arizona Tourism Alliance dinner
Oh yeah
A little late but better than never :)
Make it rain!
Staycation!
Beautiful courtyard for sitting with a drink
Birthday cabana!
Birthday party for Lauri!
Definitely a party hotel when strange dude knocks on door 3 in the morning asking you to come to his room to party
Friday drinking & TANNING!!! I know right? Happy Friday everyone!
Swank Upgrade after a smile and a little chit chat with front desk! Me Likey!!!
I want to put the bed in my suit case!!! Who knows what they really expect will not be taken from hotels these days? SO COMFORTABLE!!!
Theatre Night with a stay at The Clarendon.
PHX Social Club! Room #211 With My Dustin, Donnell and Chuckster!
The 2.5 mi jogging trail is a nice change from running on roads and dodging traffic. In the morning, very peaceful and not at all crowded.
Nice place. Rooms are spacious and the housekeeping staff does a great job.
Large rooms. Pet friendly. Security in parking lots with cameras. Nice place.
The first week of May is the last time you can stay at this hotel before they blow it up!
Valet super easy!
Great room. Cool place.
Was a good hotel over all. Restaurants sucks. Well u have to ask to room services actually clean up ur room that's a down side of it.
1 n 10 brunch!
Thank you for my free tickets to the theater!
Poolside baby
Equality for Arizona party!
This place sucks!
Betsy fashion show!
Smells like cotton candy!
Marissa's birthday!
So pretty!
Amazing pool. Amazing DJ. Amazing Saturday.  :)
So the rooms are nice, they just renovated them and they did a good job. Need to get in line early for the shuttle. There is no coffee maker in the room and no continental breakfast. Okay place but I won't stay here again.
Nice rooms, great pool area. Wifi was horrible and no hd TV. Found out no hotel in Vegas has a coffee maker in the rooms. Really Vegas? Catch up with the rest of the country. Room service fees were not bad compared to other places I have been. Restaurants were good but a little pricey because they don't have the competition of other places on the strip. Overall I liked this place. Wish I had more time to just hang at the pool.
Check in late and u won't get king room.
The front desk lady is an asshole.
Great services and meeting room availability for any company looking to schedule an annual sales event.
Nice cinemas inside
This hotel have extra charges for resort fee 12% + tax 9%. Make sure you check your booking room price again.
Love the room & the services are great!
One of my favorite hotels!
Ian liked the pirate show!
Casino-free = smoke free... Yay! Great for families, with a lazy river and 1/2 shallow pool with sand beach.
Great daily activities for kids!
Ask them to flip your couch so you can sit in it and enjoy the view!
Awesome Halloween party!
Nessieland is here!
1st motorcycle ride in AZ took me here!
avn time!
Staycation!! Luv the terrace rooms / suites - secluded & beautiful!!
Staycation!!! Beautiful grounds & great service! Drinks on the patio! Only downfall is lots of families w kids!
Cowboys and Cowgirls. Rodeo is in town
Still here
Last day here. Great Priceline win.
Asked for a glass of water at the bar. Was informed that if I was not a guest of the property or not playing they could not give.  Shit*y.
$11.00 for Valet parking?  No other hotel here or on the Strip. #areyoukiddingme?
Let's face it. It's the W. It oozes sexy. It's always going to be a good time. A sure thing. Any one can fit in, just channel your seductive side. If you can't find it, the bartenders will help you in a heartbeat. Best blueberry vodka concoction at the downstairs bar. And he serves it with a hallpass for trouble :)
If you want a chill pool party without the usual gambit of craziness, grab a chair, get a tan, and come listen to DJ Sean Derek spin some seriously good tunes that will make you forget the work week. Hotel staff is some of the coolest peeps with awesome service. My kind of staycation!!!
Attended a work seminar and was pleasantly surprised by this little gem. Almost a mirage amidst the Riverview area. Beautiful decor, wonderful staff and definitely gorgeous landscaping. Love the lake outside along with the Starbucks. Heck 24hour Fitness is around corner but the hotel gym looked more inviting.
There is only valet available, no self parking. Bring cash for tip!
Get here early to get a good umbrella spot!
Phoenix girl attends Women of Scottsdale luncheon.
East Valley Partnership Aerospace Lumcheon
Honey, I'm home.
Hate to leave so soon.
Nice lobby!
My home base for the next day and a half!
Sweet room!
I love my job. I love my job. I love my job.
5th annual Non Profit Business Summit. If you work for or with non profits, you should be here today! Still taking walk ups too!
Hollywood & Vines
Preparations for Health Care Heroes tomorrow morning. Great place for Corporate events!
10th Annual Phoenix Business Journal's Health Care Heroes Awards
Best Places to Work today at 11:30. Expecting close to 800 people!
ACG Breakfast featuring Besty Kuzas, COO of Phoenix Children's Hospital.
2012 Women in Business event
Poolside.
2012 Health Care Heroes!
No where else would I like to start a13 hour day than at the Biltmore.
I found it
Check in before I check out
This place has been closed for almost a year.
Wedding party at the Lexington!
I wish I could live here
I love this place
This place rawks
Really nice hotel!
Nice place ... No apparent them
They now have dancers above your blackjack tables ...
Yo I'm ere!
Go see your favorite show here.   Sound is great and a very intimate venue.
Great hotel, super nice bed- world-class service!
Ewwww.
$2.00 mini margarita.
Comfy beds, wine at checkin, rooftop bar - the Bomb!
I hate that I resisted coming here just because it is Scottsdale.... It rocks!!!
Poooool time!
Thunder Down Under!!!
Plunge Pool Time
Let the weekend begin
Hiking is good
Surfs up
Not winning
Get a massage after getting off the lake.
Lake time. Play then stay. Don't drive drunk
bday shindig continues at the pool
Chillaxin'
Calvin Harris babbbby
Wynner Wynner chicken dinner
Checking out: Best hotel experience thus far on strip
CES
I'm down :-((
getting ready to hit the town
Waiting for Shuttle
Upper Decker  bus to CES w00t
Birthday Party Part Deux for our boy David (costume)
Charity Event - Woot
the bday party continuing
low roller
Good Morning, hot shower was wonderful
Great stay so far!
1n10 Fresh Brunch!
Beautiful lobby.
Happy Birthday D'Lisa and Nakia!
There is a MERMAID in the pool!
Roof top. Great sunset music and friends.
Cheese crisp and vodka soda please. Thank you!
Service with a smile
Poooool side.
Lovely little motel, not a chain. Peaceful.
Beautiful retro motel and restaurant.
Home sweet home.
Alvadore is amazing! Try any service that includes the outdoor shower!
Really enjoyed the Camelback suites! Also Jake was a great and knowledgeable bell man
Boo! No vending!! For such a large resort it's highly inconvenient.
Really disappointing that at Canadas largest and busiest airport they don't have 24h services
Bring your own ethernet/vga/s-cable/hdmi cables to plug your computer into their multimedia center in each room
Web or kiosk check in; less than $100 in summertime, right downtown
Dealer girls are young and wear skimpy outfits!
Hawaiian's haven! Hang loose brah!
Seafood Buffett $10 more for express line
$119 1bdr suite w/full kitchen and free wifi and large jacuzzi tub
$119/nt march2010
Long line for mystere!
$0 wifi but $8 self and $13 valet park/ day. 1 bdrm apt suite w kitchen
Cheap craps, lotsa Hawaiians come here brah!
Where the Hawaiians come to gamble! Low table stakes!
$5 craps!
$89 fri night! Free wifi?
Beuatifully done 31 story hotel downtown only 2 years old.
Modern new style, functional biz hotel
Hip urban euro style, spartan, but functional, with 2 free bottles of water
Gaming Tech Summit
A bit of work after lunch
Work lunch - come play Wheel of Pharaoh.
Waiting on @onebadspyder
Very swanky digs!
Fantastic hotel! Beautifully appointed rooms with all the fixins!
Mini upgrade woot!
Actually checking out!
Post fight party
Free wi-fi, no need to be a guest
Wifi included
Pool day! Happy birthday Ricky!
Brunch!
Hair wars!
Nice!
Stopped in for a friend's birthday. Champagne and a he'll of a view!
Badging up for Comicon
Staycation and shandys!!! Its going to be a good weekend
Cocktails on the patio!  Great view of the desert
Nice location close to rail and downtown.  Pretty landscaping!
Pets allowed!
AZTC Health & Medical Technology Expo
Here for the #IMCloud2012 Summit
Accelerent monthly breakfast featuring Jim Morris!
AZTC I.T. Expo
Perfect summer staycation location
Time for 100 holes for the Capernaum kids!
Great morning with Ryan House!
AZTC after 5
8 man jam This was an amazing show! A must do
10 min drive from rental cars. 5 min shuttle ride from airport. Good AYCE breakfast buffet. spring training FTW
Great location. Walking distance from US airways arena and Diamondbacks stadium. Parking lot is not connected to hotel. I can hear EVERYTHING going on in the room next door.
In the arcade, break your $100 bill inside the office. They give you 2 for 1 game coupons which will help stretch your hard earned dollar
Sugar Factory is not at Mirage anymore, even though there are still signs above pointing you right out the door. They moved to MGM
Self park for free. Valet park $10. Wifi sucks. Flamingo Hotel pool party is loud all day long, so don't plan on getting any naps here
Hakkasan is a great club within the MGM Hotel!
Free water bottles!
All their rooms are non-smoking! Wooo!
Live piano music Tuesday - Thursday from 5-8pm along with a happy hour from 5-7pm.
Round 2!
Thunder Down Under mission accomplished!
Nice 'fits
Took a free photo with one million dollars
Cards or dice free with new players club
Lot of pedestrian traffic but we made it!
Vanessa at Total Rewards is wonderful
$10 daily charge for guest use of fitness center.
Towels found poolside...but only one pool open yet. Not the bada$$ one either
Got our tickets for x burlesque show
Filomera did a great job with housekeeping. And was a thankful and friendly housekeeper. Very nice
Play time
Housekeeping working next door at 9:20pm. She said she's the late shift. That's new to me.
They might charge for the fitness center but it's free to run up and down the stairs. Floors 1-10 exit to a roof though. Stick to higher levels
Free parking with validation. But $3 without isn't bad!!
Get your parking validated
Bags of breakfast!  Muffins and more
Win on third and fourth horses
Live music at carnival court
Tiff t got her baloney pony badge.here.  you can too. Great rooms. Great pool. Not bad prices
Up against my will.
Get the s'mores for $12 in the gift shop & make them over a fire pit outside! I was the 1st person ever to try them. Handmade marshmallows!
The sounds of the fountain kept me up late and the birds who arrived at 4 a.m. To bathe in it woke me back up.
Haboob outside so I'm inside. :)
It's a castle. Kids like castles.
Midway does not open until 11 a.m.
Deal or no deal is so fun when you are winning.
There is an ice rink out front!!!
Date night!  If you see us out, come say hi!
Sign up for ths new Trop Plus card and get first $200 in losses back... Kind of. Very complex rules
There's a boy band that plays in the lounge here at night.  Get acquainted...
Shell massage! Thank you, Jeff!
Getting ready to enjoy a non-traditional Thanksgiving feast!
Back from seeing the Diamondback kick some Twins a**es!  Relaxing by the pool before leaving for home tomorrow morning.
Back at the hotel after a beautiful day in Sedona.  Now it's time to hit the hot tub!
Rooftop!!! :)Great place for yoga.. Beautiful view!
Obv.
Lavender martinis should have their own billboard.
I'm too old to be in my room here, let alone the nightclub.
This place is a giant nightclub masquerading as a hotel.
No free wifi for guests?! WTF?!
Poker before plane ride home
Get me back to ny ny please
Pool time w matty jon and janine
Just a quick spin to Las Vegas...it's been a couple years. The Venetian is still one of my favorites.
A trip to Vegas starts with the Venetian. Pretty spiffy.
Nice to be back...the site of some good times in the past.
Always a treat...
Here for dinner with Paul Wright, former European PGA Tour player, friend & retired insurance tycoon. GREAT LAUGHS & FUN !!
FUN Night at the Elite Yelp Event
Concierge ELEVATE closes 10pm during week. Nice lounge
Good Luck getting the bartenders attention!
Mill Ave block party! It's a fiesta!!
Shark pool closes 5pm! BUMMER!!!!
Fabulous
Vegas Baby!
Baby lions habitat!
Heart-bodies exhibit and titanic exhibit, gorgeous Egyptian pyramid theme still going strong
Fireworks
Happy 4th July
Christmas party
Gondola !!
Poolside
Service here is spectacular!
Love how golf carts pick you up in the humongus parking lot!
Cool place!
Great decor!
Just nailed a great presentation to the Toast Masters State Conference and no "clicks", yay...
All set for the annual Bag Pipe competition before the Highland Games this weekend.  It's taken me 14 years to get here.  Looking forward.
No brunch crowd today, the staff is bored.
Annual Goldwater Institute Dinner. "The Federal Government did not create the States.  The States creates the Federal Government."
Weekend with Dr Matt and www.sourcetrainings.com.  Looking forward to this.
Arrived really early for the www.networkingphoenix.com event.  Should be great.
Attending Joey Sampaga's N5 launch.  Anyone else here?
New home of the MNM group.  Join us, www.facetimenetworking.com
Expecting 100 face time networkers for our Power Team Lunch today.  And I'm wearing a tie?  Wow...
Great new room with poolside and lakefront views.  Join us, www.facetimenetworking.com
Awesome group for our very first 5th Friday.  Sandy put it together too.
Amazing power team lunch today, www.facetimenetworking.com
Politics on the rocks baby.
Most of my meteorites were redirected into Gelie's event.  We're outside in the lobby area downstairs.
Www.facetimenetworking.com is sponsoring www.networkingphoenix.com's signature event NOW.
Apollo 13 room, I'm wearing my NASA shirt and I didn't even plan-et!!!
Yoga on the rooftop!
Stay-cation!
Had to check out the pool....Aaaahhhhhh.
It's as if Jerry Springer decided to open a casino in Vegas and hired all his guests as employees.
Right next door to the convention center. Has a Benihana Village. Not much else to say.
Gambling under the Eiffel Tower!
Terrific room in Grand Tower and the casino is slamming tonight! Totally what Vegas is all about!
Vegas baby! Blackjack time!
Wow! Amazing casino/hotel! This place rocks!
Hot damn! They put me in a high roller suite! Free upgrade for the win!
Used to be the Sahara. Now it's more of a cool hip boutique style joint. First time staying here and it seems fun. Loving the rock star vibe.
Winning $500 playing .25 cent video poker made this biz trip even sweeter.
Hard rock and heavy metal. Listening to Slipknot while playing blackjack rules!
7 deadly sinfest
Free happy hour (free drinks!) and free HOT breakfast :D
Airport bus available and great contemporary furniture!
Yummy American Kitchen!!!
I love this place! Such an awesome Nativity Story!
Beautiful resort, great spa, good restaurants too. Sitting by the fire on a winter evening is just grand.
Somebody in the kitchen spilled the salt shaker!
View from 2578. A view of the water fountain, pool, and Paris!
Craps tables here are hot!!!
The craps tables here are hot!
Free Poolside Happy Hour 5-6:30 PM
Free coffee and donuts in the lobby
Free swimming after dinner with the card that comes with your Gallo Blanco check.
Jacuzzi and swimming!
Bachelorette party extravaganza!
Swimming!
I love this place, maybe because I always win here.
Wonderful venue for an evening of dinner, drinks, and entertainment with fantastic winter rates.
Mmm, good coffee!  And they have stevia too
Fallout Boy and Elvis Costello playing my company party tonight
Fun is playing my party here.   How cool is that?
Worst service I've had in Vegas.  Lady at front desk abandoned me mid-transaction to go help a different guest
Last stall 2nd floor men's room has no tp
Michael's work'n the bar.  Terrific bartender!
Having a cocktail with the hubby.
Picking up Ben
Canyon pool!
Heart ball 2011!
Dinner & learn with Chef Marcus Samuelsson!
The gold tower here is my new favorite home away from home!
Cupckake lovin!
Valley vintage!
Poolside yoga with John!
Celebrating our 1 year anniversary!
Wedding time!
I seem to get lost every time I come here; please get better signage Biltmore!
Happy hour at such a special spot!
Paradise tower here I come!
Pool partay
Here to party!
Checking in to check out lol
Phoenix Urban League Dinner
Having breakfast on the patio...Amazing view
Attending the 25th Anniversary Benefit Bash-Actors Theatre
Brunch
The prestige check in is worth it!
Talk a walk through the resort in the spring time to smell the fragrant orange blossoms scent the air.
Walking distance to shopping, drugstore and restaurant.
Free happy hour every night!
A great location and pretty spacious rooms. Formally an Embassy Suites.
Try their delicious smelling Kai products!
Feels like Hawaii
The casitas have private pools and a private outdoor shower!
Complimentary snack bites by the pool, complimentary mini muffins in the morning, complimentary bottled water at the gym. Five star treatment.
Such a hidden gem. They have an Elizabeth Arden Red Door Spa and a nice golf course.
Time to judge the catering department's desserts! It's a tough job but someone's got to do it!
Check out Relish's happy hour. (Restaurant by the golf course)
In the heart of Old Town and walking distance to everything.
Perfect place to grab food and drinks with live music every night!
You gain access to the pool for the day.
I love the negative edge pool.
Visit for a cocktail and sit out on their patio with a view of the mountains and their negative edge pool.
Valley Vintage tonight!
Grilled Cheese Throw Down!
Ask for complimentary s'mores to roast by the firepits.
Free s'mores kits for guests.
Only go to this pool if you want to party.
You can rent the use of their tennis courts for $20 an hour. Resort stay not required.
1n10 Fresh Brunch ;-)
Tosh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Home away from.home!
Quick costume change then off to dinner ;-)
Zzzzzzzz
Costume change then off to have dinner with friends ;-)
Zzzzzzz
Doing the usual! Costume change..yadda yadda
Time get pretty for City of Hope. Can't wait to see Miss Aretha Franklin and Al Green perform. 5hour energy drink I need you to kick in like now!
Miss Aretha you may be the Queen of Soul but this Princess can only handle a 16 hour day before she turns into a pumpkin! 3 songs was all the strength I had left. Love u though!
You ever been so tired and your body hurts so bad that it even hurts to think? Yep that is how I am feeling right now. Put a fork in me I am done.
Home away from home. Sleep is calling my name. ;-)
Costume change then who knows what kind of trouble I will get into.....
Ok,ok, seriously done for the night. Had a great time hanging out but I must finish packing. Zzzzzzzzz
Tutorial at the BiTS Workshop
BiTS Workshop
BiTS Workshop
BiTS; last day...
Seeing my padres!
Chillin with the padres watchin the Blackhawks!
Dropping off a friend as apparently this is the closest AVIS location...
Attending the 2011 AZ Tech Council Partnering Conference
Getting ready for the Blair Singer Sales & Leadership Program to start!
Sales & Leadership Seminar Day 2
Attending the SEMI/Southwest AZ Breakfast Forum
Live Jazz Band on the Lawn...happiness!
In line for Zumanity!
Checking in...
Chillin at my piece of the strip! Check out the vacation deals here!
Volunteering at the Phoenix Networking Signature Event! Come on over! :-)
Just attended the Catholic Charities Paths to Hope Breakfast
Chillin after the graduation
IMAPS Expo
Party!!!!
The W always makes me :)
Gettin the car...
Day 1 WELLS-CTI Sales Meeting
Meeting time again...time for presentations!
Oh yeah! The Wicked Spoon Awaits!
Getting ready to go on a culinary tour of Downtown Phoenix!
Artopia!
Glamorous.com
Amazing view paired with fresh mountain air and a bloody mary is alright by me.
You can check out anytime you like, but you can never leave!
The pulled pork nachos are huge!!!
I'm not a fan of this hotel! It's old and too spread out.
Nice course!!
Wonderful place for a date! Friday night they have Latin jazz with ballroom dancers! Great atmosphere!
Love it!
I'm attending the AKA Intermoutsin Cluster Conference.
One of the coolest places in the desert!!
This is now The Phoenix Place Hotels and Suites
Used to be the Raddison
Historic 1929 treasure
Pool and lunchtime before our Massages
frank and alberts is delightful
CWC Alumnae here in Arizona are having HIGH TEA  today with  Dean Lynn Gangone from CWC.
This is such a classy resort! They sent us champagne to our room for our Anniversary!!
Now talking to Coola sun care products rep
Just love the seasonal topiaries here!
Andrew's first reaction on seeing the gingerbread house was WOW!  Rtm
Sweet Dreams....
Great location off the 101 and Raintree that has great rooms and employees.
With temps around 108 degrees, DC Ranch is empty!  Go eat a great pizza at Grimaldi's.
Best time to visit the shops is mid-afternoon, when the temps are at their highest. Easy parking!
Parking is easier in the back than in the front!!!
Dump dump dump!
Midget wrestling? Yea, it's exploitive but funny!
Wow. Nice place.
Dumpy but consistently fun.
Party time!
Quick check in...very clean room!!
Check in was quick and easy, she gave us a free upgrade to a bigger room. Circus Circus was a little nicer room, but we are very happy for the price.
Quick check in....very clean and nice room!
1.Save a buck and book on hotels.com 2.use the in room safe as you are charged for it during your stay or request the charges be removed after your stay 3.Yelp nearby restaurants as the only microwave is downstairs 4. If you have children, use common sense and control them or get a first floor room.
It would be nice if they would let you know prior to arrival they don't rent to locals. Which is BS when you need a room for the night!
Best stacation place in the valley
Haunted hotel ball is tonight!
Great Drinks!
Looking for $1 takes.
Making the rounds.
How did I get herr?
Working lunch!
Joe Walsh!
Pool time again. Life is good!
Lodging Conference 2011
Animal Care and Control Hero Awards.
A Christmas lunch at the Phoenician always gets the job done.
11 - 11 - 11...good enough reason to celebrate with lunch at the Phoenician.
Insight Bowl Fever with the Iowa Hawkeyes...Mission Palms Hotel in Tempe. The yellow & black rules the day!
Need a turtlenech sweater
Hottest wait staff in Vegas!
Paying the rent!
CF Video Shoot!
Pre game before the big game #WetElectric
Like Costanza, I can tell you some of the best public restrooms around the city. This lobby has one. Private, clean, stocked. I recommend.
RIP Bill and Susan Heywood
The winning didn't end at Vegas hotel, she's still winning here too!
Hotel #2 of 3 in our three night stay for Yelp Spring Break!
My mom just won $550 on slots here! Boom!
At the Girls World Expo with my girls.
Bre
Mi hotele. :)
Coffee :)
Finally made it yay!!!
We are back!! Great day with the Smith's!!
Checking in!
Lets go Pat's! !
Home away from home.
Adult Prom!  The BEST Prom!
Chamber Meeting
Saturday night is reggae night! People don't really start coming until 1:30p tho....
It's raining, WTF?
Checked into a stunning suite. My favorite hotel in Las Vegas. It's close to everything and more affordable then you would think.
SRO - One hour waits for all restaurants.
Found the bar.
Living life. THE life with Eric M.
Sick day
Happy birthday Alisha!!
Suns draft party!
Draft party!
For the birthday boy!!!
Nice, clean, comfortable room and friendly staff. Movie theater inside a plus!
Without any doubt the coolest joint in downtown Phoenix.
Hotel is pretty cool, valet guy was super rude, hotel check in was slow but the girl at front desk very nice but not knowledgeable
Great FB deal, easy check in, valet & Internet included, like the bar
Easy check in, rooms are swanky but cute, so far so good
Very Nice Place no bar or restaurant thou
Historically awesome!
Birthday tuff
Ghost Tour!
Proof is delish and fun!
WORST PLACE EVER!!! Save your $, time and sanity and stay somewhere else. They managed to make a disaster of our entire stay.
LOVE the buffet! BILL our server was amazing and charismatic! He helped make our night and my birthday! He was attentive and accomodating.
Ghost tour! Were staying on the 7th floor, supposed to be the most haunted floor!
Double down!!!
Came in after check in time started. Only 1 person at desk. Turned 4 groups with confirmed reservations away for at least 1 hour due to lack of clean rooms. Then less than 15 minutes after shooing us away, he checks in a couple that wasn't already at the desk.
Showing my son the spoons but got distracted by the amazing pool area! I want to stay in the Marilyn Monroe Suite!
This is a great place to look for spooks!
My favorite hotel in Phoenix!
This is a nice and quiet place for a lunch meeting.
We had a terrific experience in this independent hotel!
terrible for business .   wifi is ridiculous. will not stay again.
No wi-fi in the rooms.  Paper thin walls. No control over thermostat. Not impressed.
Great staff, pretty good rooms!!
Take the ghost tour
Reserve on Open Table and opt for one gluten free option.#Mystechnofoodie #Thankful #afternoontea #bliss
In the patio listening to music
1/2 price day here with Kat, Jason, & Natalie. LOVE discount sites (Phx Deal Chicken)
Gamble duh
Don't lose
Gamble and lose money duh
Get a room duh
Get a room duh
Here to see Tim Mcgraw and Faith Hill,  comp tickets.  O ya in the noze bleed sec, life is good!
Winning is fun!   Kristan is on fire
Going home a winner.   Oh ya!
Ahh comfy .....
Comfortable beds...great Z's. That is why I am here. Good night.
Great Friday!!
LOVE this place.....
Tah
Taha @ the front desk is amazing. 1st class service! Thank you!
Its raining in the PHX area and the weather is still in the high 90's.
Home sweet home for an entire week.   :)
Bridal Expo!!
Poetry night:)
Hombase event
Internet is slow
Storytelling w/Tim Terry by fire is amazing!
Complimentary water in the room. Nice!
Aji Spa for a Native Sun Wrap.
My favorite resort in Phoenix because of the culture tied in. Absolutely beautiful.
Amazing resort! They bring you popsicles&  frozen grapes at the pool. Love the private casitas. Wish I could stay more often!
Here for Go Red expo & luncheon! Great ballrooms
Very cool, retro!
Traffic school!! This place looks basic but the pool looks ok. Wish I was swimming instead of this!
Close to the airport!
Feelin lucky!:)
We just moved from Virginia, and we're staying in the villas at Cibola Vista. The place is BEAUTIFUL!  The rustic southwest vibe was great! Our room was very nice also. I love the blackout curtains eveeywhere. The only downside I could see is parking at night.  The lot gets full fast.
Beautiful view
Try the steam room
Massage time
When they raise the limits on a table, they don't grandfather you in, WTF?!?
Lobby/ out front packed with Western gifts...some really original (not seen at other shops)
Veteran's Day '16. Nice touch.
New Ferris Wheel is up n running!  Looks great! (sorry no pic, phone is glitch central!) See entry for "High Roller," baby!
Event tonight to benefit pups! 6-8 pm Free community event.
The six ORIGINAL Sprites of FLW (designed in 1914 for the "Midway" - a Chicago amusement park) wound up here at The Biltmore. I learned this tidbit last time in Oak Park.
Aztec Room is a trip - one of the original rooms- dates back to 1929. Ceiling is gold leafing - contributes to the resort's 30,000 sq ft of interior gold leaf- 2nd only to the Taj Mahal.  PS it's a decagon
Nice place, spacious, well-lit, good prices, friendly peeps, self-checkout. New "main" store!
Their discounts in the ad are steep!! Great value, but watch on the "Buy 10"...you must buy in increments of 10! 11th item etc is reg price.
I've been between here, Fry's on Carefree in Cave Creek & sometimes a nearby competitor "A" where I'd never rx buying seafood. This Fry's has the best lobster tail... From New Brunswick, Canada. Was $6.99/tail yesterday, now $8.99 but I heard may be back on sale Father's Day. Load the boat.   4-5 oz tail fresh caught (not farmed) (seemed more like 6oz ... & delicious).
One thing that I like about shopping here (besides the often 25% off wine when you purchase 6 or more) is the often awesome skies :-)
Swarovski B Champagne, Surprisingly only $50. & always a discount (5-15%) w/an M players card. (All shop items)
Formerly The Ritz-Carlton, the new Camby is the only Autograph Collection hotel in Arizona.
Wine Country brunch!
48 most intriguing women luncheon. I'm pretty intriguing myself!
Beau, Marcus and Gabi
Nice room
Historical hotels in 2013
CFO Night!
Pool time til 10
Happy wedding day to Jon and Jill!
Thunder down under!
9 out of 12 bottles of Guinness and 3am... not bad for an old man. Time to hit the sack. Good night, sweet dreams.
Time for Wuste!
Beautiful place to start Mothers Day weekend!
Beautiful place to take your out of town visitors.
Very nice place!!!
They have everything.  Casino, bowling, movie theater, arena, and spa.
This place got a face lift!
The place is prudy.
Mai tai me
Looks pretty clean and quiet.
Antoinette is the best!
cheap drinks for uptown...
Birthday happy hour!
Spending Memorial Day poolside!
#Noir2 Fashion Show!!
Happy hour with the Phoenix boys!
Fundraiser at the W with Michelle!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Driving class!
Phoenix ballroom seminar ... Fun
This place is amazing ...
Great nite. With. Alisha !! Floridas best !
Pool time
Staycation!
Brunch and pool time with my Rebeccalove
Valley of the Sun Wine Tasting
Industry wine tasting :)
Dybas wedding!
Anniversary weekend :)
Pool party
Artopia
Blink 182 & My Chemical Romance!
I can't get a sig on my beep...
Go-Gos and The Motels tonight!
@ Kaila's Sports Banquet.
Wave Pool.
This place is a Circus
Bang! Bang!
Picking up clients to go look at houses. That's what I do.
Rumspringa!!!!!!!!!
Woo-Hoo!!!!
Quit until you see the pic of our giant scorpion bowl!!!
Happy Hour!!!
Taking Debs here for lunch and MLB is here.
Come with time to relax. Don't forget your swim suit. There are 5 pools here. There are also tennis and BBall courts. Loads to see and enjoy in this 49 acre resort that has a nice view if Camelback Mtn.
nice clean facility for classroom activities. Attending a HAFA class today for Realtors...
If your eating, plan on a long wait for food. Grab a news paper on the way in courtsey of the resort.
4th of July party before Rawhide fireworks
Watching friends lose money at blackjack.
Poolside in few min
Poolside tacos are awesome!!!
Sweet suite! Lol
Poolside!
Very clean restrooms, FTW!
The elevators here are down so much, they should coin a new phrase, "the elevators are on the Fitz again." overall though, this place rocks!
Junior League meeting at Hyatt Gaineh, makes me remember hopping the back fence into the pool with friends in high school bahaha
September Junior League meeting
A little prework pool time with Amy thomas
PRSA's holiday party!
Listening to Laura Ling speak at Junior League of Phoenix's Valley Impact Luncheon
Best resort for a staycation - plethora of pools to suit any fancy and number if people, bourbon steak, and stone rose :)
Quiet, idyllic adult pool with dazzling views of the mountains behind the busy main family pool. Sit in a cabana, order from ROQ, and enjoy!
Work conference day #1.
Work conference.
Business mtg.
TCOB
Since this was the Aladdin I love this spot.  Right in the smackin' middle of the 50 yard line on the strip.  Everything is within walking distance.
Pool side relaxation mode!
Home away from home.  Lucy I'm home!
Lucy I'm home again.  Merry Christmas 2012!!
Lunch mtg w/a client. I may not get anything accomplished today...
Staycation & family get together.
Nyquil stop.
Thank u Fry's! Had the best homemade Mexican food for dinner @ my pad. Fajitas, guacamole, pico de gallo, beans & tortillas. All from Fry's!
Tully's
Grabbing stuff for yummy beef BBQ ribs at home.
Spinach wrap stuff.
It never fails.  I forgot something. Aye carumba!
Passion Parties new product launch .  So very exciting.Woo hoo.
Gluten-Free Expo
Girls Nite Out Extravaganza!!
Nothing like being welcomed by the CSI In the parking garage. Murder investigation.   Woo hoo. Welcome to Las Vegas.
Girls' Night Out Shopping Extravaganza
Tour of Scottsdale packet pick-up
Chippendale's with mom.  Her idea.  Lmao.
Free breakfast buffet in the am for all paying guest...
Movie night by the pool for the kids during the weekend. Be sure to check with the management office when you arrive.
Time share location be sure to check out the rates...
Great hotel
First thing we noticed... the room isn't vacant! Scorpion in our room.
3 night stay for a baseball tournament.
Youth basketball tournament
Viva Las Vegas!
Lunar Yoga - Poolside!
Driving Class.  Thx 999
Release pool Party
Best fresh lunch you could have in downtown Phoenix!
The remodel looks awesome! A great turn on a landmark I have known my whole life.
Be forewarned that their towels and paper goods (tissue and toilet paper) are poor quality. The housekeeping slow and failed to clean our room. However, the bedding is very comfy.
Roof top sunset. Perfect.
San tan room. If ur interested
Don't believe all the bad reviews! My review to come !!
You get what you pay for here. RUDE staff, slow service, old, dirty Unremodeled  rooms, front desk staff with a chip on their shoulder, bell hop with attitude, room/curtains smell like smoke/MJ, hair left in the bathroom, drains that don't drain, $30 resort fee for a place that is so far from. Resort, so disappointed in this place. This place should be the next to be imploded, period...
Club oasis!
Huge pool, music, and 2 for 1 drinks at 4pm everyday :)
Club Oasis again y'all so fun!!
The aquarium is awesome! A glass a champange while the boy checks in! Fabulous!
Franky!
As if I could love this place anymore...this suite is AWESOME!!!
Single zero roulette!
Fuck Yeah
Steel Panther!!!
Here for a conference. This place is a maze.
Vegas infant, Vegas.
Let the debauchery begin!
1.5 hours to check in? Really???
More dog n pony...
Vendor demo
Cards n lunch, can't be beat (unless your hand doesn't hold, of course)
One night get away with Kim and Kailee and to see a 40 yr anniversary vow renewal!
Get the season pass.
Career Fair! Kinda dinky...
Another career fair in the Ballroom Annex!
Coast-to-coast career fair. Fairly small, alas no biotech!
The parking out back for the bowling alley and theater is atrocious. Park in the garage or valet. You'll have to walk all the way across the casino to get there though.
Very, very nice hotel though the rooms don't really match the aesthetics of the lobby and main areas. They have a bar, a restaurant and a convenience store on site. Valet is $28 overnight even for guests. Do not get the balcony room if you're expecting a view. The balcony is more like a huge patio which in and of itself is cool unless you are expecting a view of downtown.
The food for breakfast was delicious
is good place to relax and not expensive
Hooters? Ummm....yeah. I hear the Tropicana is nice.
Decent regular rooms but a little small.
Drove the old peeps here today I lost 6 bucks and quit but I got a free meal from a nice random lady :)
Still smells like a bad hotel room!
Just checked in for the Apple Jobs Hiring Event. Pray for me! I sooo need this job!
Must comfortable bed ever!
Have a lavender lemon martini!
This place is beautiful and the food is delicious.
Randy Newman concert
Jeff Bridges concert!  Yes, he sings!
Here to see Cinderella concert
Here to see America in concert.
Miss my peeps!
Roller coaster :)
Sweetness!
Omg, tasting menu & wine pairings was incredible!
Very classy high end place.
Lunch buffet at Paris Paris.
Crepe and other desserts :-)
Beautiful hotel, beautiful room :-)
Food at Paradise near the pool stinks.
Beautiful. It's very red here.
Great sunset rooftop and sangrias! Was also here for a wedding not too long ago which also was rooftop! Great to bring friends together to socialize!
I had a lovely stay
Here for Stacy's big day! Congratulations to Brett & Stacy!
Home of the Auburn BCS Champs WAR EAGLE
Nice hotel. Great for large party's.
The night never ends.
Why doesn't the lobby bar have a summe martini list. Hey, martini's and resorts are like PB and J.
A mile of shopping & good food plus 4 new art galleries
Swanky. Smells of plumeria and peaches.
Gorgeous!
Swanky ...
Pie Rush Wednesday - free pie with purchase.
Fairfield Inn Marriott
Best suites
Super duper deal. Restaurant week is awesome. This week only ! $30 for a 3 course meal. You pick the items. Fantastic !
Water park woot!
Gaming center Phoenix Comic Con 2nd fl
Conflagration 2012
Convention Day 2
Decent rooms. 1.00 craps. You cannot go wrong here
5.00 single deck Black Jack
Lost my butt
Rooms are nice, wouldn't call them exceptional, checkin was a pain in the butt, and bringing luggage to your room is a serious headache. More in my review.
Extremely horrible parking on a Sunday night even both garages COMPLETELY FULL. Called the concierge and got voice mail?! This is not to mention how much of a nightmare check in was. I am horribly disappointed
If you can't afford to stay here the conservatory and chocolate fountain are a must either way!
The Tower Ride is amazing.
Shopping!!!
Captains bar. Drink line is huge
Vile.
Shit hole.
Check out Mary Hoffman!
F you pay me
Chandelier lounge, bring it
The pool is a great place to relax on a Friday afternoon!
Jay Leno ...
Such an amazing place to stay ... so much to offer.
Great customer service and accommodating staff
Home away from home
Complimentary Breakfast
Friendly customer service keeps.me coming back.
Very helpful and friendly staff!
Don't stay here! Staff is rude, no one has a smile, lines are longer, staff is very slow!
Grilled chicken and guac - yummy!
Life is good today :)
Good appetizers!
Public radio comes in well
No more valet here. That's okay, parking isn't far!
It looks like a thrift store in the lobby...
rooftop  live music on a Thursday beautiful time*
Gorgeous remodel
Great happy hour prices and yummy drinks to start off the weekend!
Getting the party started
Here for the AEA Leadership Conference and NEA President, Dennis Van Roekel will be speaking.
In a session about conflict and it is awesome.
Last day of the AEA Leadership Conference!
For the Arizona List Luncheon.
For the Emerge fundraiser!
Mayoral debate!
Traffic survival school at 7:30 am with no sleep is going to require some ninja skills
Love my babe SOOOOO much :)
Pool time w Joe and Co!
Tantastic!
Anglea!
Pool time!
Pool time!
Joe Walsh concert!!!
Have to play $25 hands at the tables in order to get rated using the Mlife card. Hmmm
No casino here folks, just a clean,fresh hotel. Extremely close to Aria & Cosmopolitan.
Sign up for an identity card. You get $10 to play with.
It is a lit-up Wonderland here with beautiful trees lit up with these patterns of dainty white lights all over the property. Lovely resort.
Networking phoenix
Is this hotel pager friendly?
Bout to b one hell of a party
Playing on the elevator
They recently sold the hotel to another owner. They lied about the benefits during the transition period. Now you know....greedy owners exploiting workers.  Only in red state Arizona can they pull this stuff. Stay somewhere else is my tip
Great hotel. Friendly staff and new rooms. Request an upper floor away from the freeway if possible. Very good experience!
Very nice place. Tons to do around it. Clean and affordable.
Perfectly good BUDGET hotel near the strip. You get what you pay for, which isn't a lot!
It's Up to #MeAZ events
Movember party
Winning!
Because Joseph Siegmund told me too.
Izzy and Slash concert.  Rock On!
Is the the real Caesar's Palace?  I mean, did Caesar really live here?  :-)
Leaving Las Vegas
Viva Las Vegas!
Try my luck here...
Rock on!
Dropping off Megaans Grandma Joan & her AZ Grandma Bobbie!! Good Luck!!! 777 :)
Girl's Night Out shopping event today :o)
Volunteering for fresh start golf classic
Volunteering at Fresh Start Charity golf classic today!
At Shereen & Kamal's Wedding!
Girl's weekend................let the fun begin!
5th year anniversay party!
Setting up for the Dress for Success Suit for the Stars event!
Quarterly Networking. Event
Setting up for tonight's My Life my Brand Charity event. Only $10 for admission. Come by and join in the fun!
Entreprenista Networking Event!
Setting up for the Celebrity Charity Catwalk Fashion Show benefiting UMOM!
Fresh Start's Annual Fashion Gala tonight!
Ovations theatre is really small venue :o)
Paper Tongues & Neon Trees in concert!
Psychedelic Furs tonight!
PFW Fashion Show tonight!
Girl's Night Out.....................dancing the night away!
Artopia tonight!
Let the games begin.
@ the Zamzuu Western Regional Red Carpet event! Haven't seen folks in a year.
Hanging with Kimber and enjoying her view
Breakfast meeting for autism walk fundraisers
Meet and greet with Congressman Ed Pastor
InDesign training - yey!
A walking tour off the strip.
Another $15 lunch in Vegas!
Best corned beef hash and eggs in town!
Great martinis, in a bucket!
Good martini!
Self park, since the valet is full. How cam valet be full? Open more spaces!
With Heath, Doc Mol & Hubby
With Yoli
Armin Van Buuren
Hot
It's WET upstairs.
Lotty dotty
The Pool
Yeah...it's Vegas baby. This time on business but I'll be back!
Home base lol
Napping
40 minutes to kill before the meeting.  What to do...
65th floor - wrap around suite - I have homes smaller than this!
Time to check out.
Finally! Let the relaxing begin!
Great place to relax and unwind
Well the room was cheap after the holidays. But the food is not !  Lesson learned .
Game 1 Team Show
Nice hotel
Marilyn's cafe
OMG, weekend karaoke here is too much fun!
Love the Boxing events they have here!
Best timeshare on the strip, you're looking for a home base near everything without the discomfort of staying in a casino this is the place
Self park at Aria to avoid $20/day parking fee
Back again!
taxi travellers: Request to be dropped off at the entrance on Paradise for room check in or at the entrance off Las Vegas Blvd for casino.
Dont go on Valentine's day.
Concerts! Great location!
Traffic school at a hotel...free tip is don't speed!!!
Bring your swim trunks!
Main pool is great...food is not bad....
Asla kansas state table is the place to be
Self park in b c or e :)
I like it here
Great timeshare! We love it a lot!!!!
#bestbedever
After race re calibration
Dinner!!
10 days here. Fantastic hotel. Great service and decent rooms.
Awesome sports book!
Drinks, at the Chandelier Bar
Royal Palms delivers another awesome lunch!
T. Cooks is closed for renovations.
Flavors of Phoenix event tonight!
Fight Night!
This place is a dump.
Self parking garage costs $$$, so does valet.
Say hi to Alex the bartender on Swing shift at Bar Moderno.
The Uber pickup is at the North Valet location.
Park in the parking garage for covered self-parking.
House hunting. : )
72 lane bowling.  Monday - Thursday: $1 after midnight.  Free game if you stay the night.  Excludes shoe rental.
Binions is horrible for slots. Played a couple of hours on the floor at various machines. Noticed no one was winning including myself. I would avoid your luck here.
Pending (POOR review) with the Rio's box office re: The Rat Pack Is Back and Michael Jackson. *Update* NO follow up from management and I was a guest at this hotel for 4 days, 3 nights.  No  resolvement.  Unfortunately, I will not return nor recommend this hotel, casino, entertainment.  (Temporary tip will be transferred to reviews).
I'm mesmerized by the live Mermaid in the aquarium.  Gorgeous.   The casino is unbelievable. My next time in LV I'm for sure booking here!!!! :)
Receive 1,000 points on your players reward the day of your birthday!! :)
Sign up for as a new Players Reward you receive $5 to gamble and thereafter when you reach 50 points on your account card you are honored a FREE buffet meal within 30 days of activation.  ( You must check your account to activate and be honored. It can be checked at the kiosk.)
$2 Budlight pints!!
Whoo hoo Day Pass! Cannot wait to use it!!!! I LOVE the Venetian! My favorite hotel in LV! :)
AVOID room # 956. The room immediately upon entering spelled of STRONG stench urine!!!! (Room changed.) Disgusting!!!!!
Incredible scenery. Love the landscaping, quails and morning doves. There are amazing homes here. Beautiful morning to explore the area.
Out with my Uncle. First Authentic Vietnamese Concert. Can I get a translator? :)
Rage In The Cage!!!!
Talking Stick is a wonderful place for concerts!! :)
I may have 1 to 2 tickets for tonight's Duran Duran tribute band starts at 7:30, doors open an hour earlier.  $6.50 per ticket.
Aaron Lewis in concert tonight!!!!! :)
This place IS fabulous!!! (I don't get the low ratings.)
AVOID the marketing SCAM after you reserve and book your stay that you're being offered a deal through Hilton and offers that sound to good to be true deals. It's a timeshare! Don't do it and I can't believe how sleazy this is that they've incorporated this now.
Tree lighting ceremony, happy holidays!
Great place for late night cocktails!
saturday pool party is amazing!!! (happy birthday to me!)
Dont buy yoir tooth paste and brush at the hotel store, ask the front desk and they will give you a brand name tooth brush and paste. Saves you  at least $5.
You dont need to walk or take the light rail. They have complimentary shuttles!
Good for kids! Lots of games! Also there's beer pong!
Rooms are much better than the bellagio
Observation deck $16 or unlimited rides for $34
Free upgrade to a suite :)
Beautiful and serene waterfall and nature
Koop concert
Showtime starts @ 530 during winter
Don't forget to go to the habitat and watch the flamingos and koi fish
It's ok.. Doesn't have the fin factor it had 15 years ago..
Registration lines are slow and long
Very clean hotel but need to work on registration
Penthouse suite
I swear the staff is super friendly  I can just live here!
Spring Formal for OIAIS students April 17th *2 thumbs up*
Pushin my luck. I hate ups n downs.
One more casino and it's back to reality.
This place is disgusting!!!! But I'm only here for the kids and that's it. Never again!
Down $1500, but I can't stop!
Home for 4 nights.
Sleepy.
Game time!
The place to get 3 of a kind playin blind.
2 more hours to go. I just wanna head home. All game'd out!
This place charges you $7 after 1 hour for just self parking.
Just called and checked in with them and they don't allow rabbits (even when they are litter trained & they stayed at the Westin Kierland). Two thumbs down! I mean he's so clean and he doesn't s*** everywhere lol   **Their website is vague and it needs to be fixed**
Still not used to cigarette smoking in the casino
Beautiful breakfast
Arrived!
7pm!
Breakfast with a side of Yelp!
Business Expo
Beautiful tree and lights during the holidays. Enjoy it at the outdoor bar!
Partner Council lunch with Ben Quayle
Partner Council Chamber Lunch
Chandler Chamber Legislative Reception
Great holiday brunches
Amazing
Ask for a "Red Room" when you check in and sometimes they will give it to you for free - it is one of the more recently renovated rooms on the upper floors. Very nice!
Bob the bartender can make you ANY drink! I LOVE THIS BAR!
Best waves in all of AZ
Unlimited ride wrist band for $25 is a great deal vs $14 per ride.
Grilled Cheese Throwdown!!!
...will find something to do here...
A day out at Hilton Resort on a tuesday...it beats Fat Tuesday for certain ;)
Mimosas and silent auctions...not a good combo-but fabulous nevertheless.
It's a glimpse of our near-future...just a few hours ago ;)
Black Jack time!
Lunch...
Ladies' State Hold 'Em Championship!
Fabulous poker room
The one bedroom suites were really nice!  Made good use of the hot tub.
Great view for the fireworks!
Check out the pastry place, seriously delicious!!
Holiday partttaaaayyyyy!!
Bout to ride the Monorail
Networking!!!!
Phoenix Fashion weeeeekkkk!!!
Beautiful hotel
Let me win my millions so I can retire at 31!!
My new favorite staycation spot!
Great Friday nyt
Good looking casino
real gondolas
Iconic
Listening to the underwater music on the pool...too cool. lounging around waiting to check in...love this place!
Poolside again! Have to checkout all day happy hour on Tuesday and flamenco night Wednesday
Can't best the groupon specials
Check in on Facebook and you can score a BOGO drink coupon if you are a Total Rewards member.
Check in on Facebook and Total Rewards members get a BOGO drink coupon at the Heart bar.
Xmas party 3...
Happy St. Patricks Day!
#jabbawockeez!
Wildlife For Tomorrow charity banquet
Gorgeous rooms (inexpensive too) and pleasant staff!
cancel the 4-day Safari club event and promise not to hold any future auctions encouraging the slaughter of animals.
Totally screwed up our reservation, plus room was filthy (read biological stain on the couch) .   They are now so booked now they can't adequately resolve the issue.  Reiterates why I stay at the encore or the four seasons.   Will survive the next week but won't gamble here b/c of the issues.
Go see George in the bar!
So lovely here
The candles smell awful
Bell Biv Devoe is performing tonight. So rad!!
Always the class act.
There are only two major casinos in Vegas I've never been to. This is one.
Time to check out what they've done to the Trop! 5:23am and 80 degrees in the parking structure. Indeed.
Dinner time before we head home.
Been waiting a LONG time for this moment!!!
We're on the 28th floor. So far so good.
With pops
With pops
Have heard great things, let's see how the fair up.
First time staying here. Let's see how it is.
Awesome staff & customer service! Amenities work out for our quick getaway.. love this cute & quaint resort. Viva!
Pool: Lots of spots to lay out. 1 party pool, 1 family pool.  Casino: best food and tables on the strip :)
Ticket complaments of JRod for my birthday. Enjoying a cocktail as the Motley Crue begins to arrive at The Joint
Breakfast Time
Time to freshin' up then get to work
When I drink alone I prefer to be by myself
Place is pretty nice overall.  Well located for many Spring Trainig parks.
Nice relaxed bar area...
Yes!
Wrap around suite trumps the lanai. The view is amaze balls!
MSU Basketball Pep Rally!!
MSU basketball pep rally
Be sure to check out their HUGE aquarium! It's FREE for viewing! :)
A literally HOT show! xP
Nice place to stay.
DON'T STAY HERE!!!... Please read my review. The Cosmopolitan is a piece of shit establishment if you don't seem to have enough money to be there.
Very extravagant.  Casino quite smoky.  No place for cheap food!
Ask for Linda,  She is completely well rounded bartender who is so sweet!  Take care of her!! :)
Smelled a little when we first came into the casino, but rooms are great and simple to get around... Burgers are awesome. Service awesome... Would go back but not worth a 100 a night. #%justsaying
Wanna learn to golf or float in pool watching a movie"! YES!!
Have I told you lately that I love the Hilton they are so nice and friendly with a great view!!!
I love the Palms, though this is my first concert at The Pearl.
If hanging out on The Strip is inevitable, I enjoy hanging out at The Cosmopolitan. There's so much to do here.
Again, I love this venue for a show. The sight lines are great, and the crowds are pretty cool.
This is a great venue for a show. My favorite on the Strip.
Gray goose and tonic!
Vegas anything goes. Older casino and hotel but rooms are clean to sleep in.
Beautiful casino and hotel
Love this hotel and the staff clean, friendly and great location
Love love this place.
Great golf coarse and pools!
Bathrooms are dirty all the time
Need some sleep
MMA Bad Boys Fight! Pretty cool!!!!!
Crispy Duck.
Camelback has never looked better.
Gold tinsel extensions.
Awesome bed!
Vacation starts now
City view Sky Suite pretty much rocks it!
Poolside today. It's a beautiful pool with comfy chairs and lots of umbrellas.
Great day with awesome friends at a beautiful pool!
Dropping a lifegaurd off. Need to check this place out!
Casino is smoke stinky. The rest of the place is really nice. Might be nice to stay overnight. Multiple bars is cool too!
Here for traffic survival school! Don't run red lights!
Old Town is almost too close for comfort! Best rooms in town for a bit of a price ;)
Wow! It's a crowded Labor Day but a great place to take the kids for a fakecation.
Fancy Schmancyer.
The pool in the evening is interesting enough, not too crowded and offers welcome shade in the summer.
Fancy Schmancy!
Love Cosmo! The new (un)Vegas! The only place that will get me on the Strip, no questions asked!
Addiction restaurant has nicely priced and sized tapas, they are taking super care of my friend's private party.
Neighborhood Zoning presentation
Here for #buzzcation Let's get the party started!
Girl time
YogaFit Therapy Day 1
Day 2- YogaFit Therapy
Day three. YogaBacks.
Last day-yogaFit Therapy
Celebrating lisa's birthday
Beatles Love
Vegas baby!!! Let the good times roll!
RCPM baby
Time for a wedding!!
Job fair 11/16
Attending the Edward Tufte Seminar on Presenting Data and Information
Beautiful hotel. Cripes.
The best views with great restaurants!
Easter egg hunt :)
Attending event with US Sec of Labor!
Hosting the Phoenix Business Journals Business Growth Expo.... Bam!
Hidden place of Phoenix... Outdoor pool and cabana. Bam!
Crab cakes are out of this world
Venue research. Beautiful resort.
Valley Leadership Man & Woman of the Year Awards.
Getting my poker on.
Having a mai-tai one last time with the tiki dudes.
Doing Vegas like a boss!
Viva las vegas!
Remember to collect your tocket from the slots before you get up :/
Free shows every 60 minutes!!! That's in 5 minutes!!! Get here!! :)
Go see the Lions!!! They are so adorable!!!
The Wizard of Oz Slots are so much fun!!!! :)
Lock your doors with the extra lock!!! We were given a room that was already booked and walked in on some people!! So lock your doors!! :)
Picking up the girls then dancing
For 80 bucks a night....nothing on this planet is better
Very nice
Bridal expo!
Pat Robert and the haymakers
Leadership conference.  They have cookies!
Volunteering at a charity golf day...
Kamal and Shereens wedding!
Fresh Start Charity Auction - volunteering!
Smashing Pumpkins!
Kid Rock
At the Arizona Press Club awards partt
Grabbing a quick drink at the bar. Very cozy.
Free yoga Thursday nights near the pool!
Yeah! Let the festivities begin! I needed a girls weekend. :)
GREAT wedding open house!! They were so professional and the chef was very informative.
Our resort
Getting dinner and Free ie!
Free pie night!!
Party rockin'... :)
Staying here for a couple of days! Happy anniversary babe :)
Checking out
Picture time at the conservatory
Strolling through Paris..if only it were real
Yes, finally arrived!!
Taxi back here.. Going to dip my feet in warm water & take a shower!  Thank god for ac.
Full kitchen & washer/drawer ... Sweet!!
Thank god for their little mini store inside!
Vegas weekend with the girls ;)
Tired, calling it a night!
This hotel blows! Never again ahhhhh
Parking structure is a rollercoaster.
Park in the parking garage for easy access to casino
No children allowed on premises, only if going into restaurants as a family
So pretty!!
Secret pizza time
Oh yea, split four 9s in blackjack & won them all :)
Back early tonight (haha).
Don't bother brining your quarters.  They did away with the coin slots.
Round two!
Three card poker
Here for the hair show with Amanda!
Ugh it's early!
An oasis!...In the desert.
Westin..it's like home but with way fluffier pillows!
Iron Chef Michael Symon in the house!
Going to enjoy some wine and some jazz... Arizona Jazz Festival!! Yea buddy!!
AZ Jazz Fest day 3 Brian Mcknight n Kem :)
very nice rooms here!
Book your massage with Harrison if you like firm pressure :)
Breakfast an yoga on a Sunday morning outside for charity
Free flow yoga thursdays by the pool at 6:30! Woot! Amazing!!!
Yoga outside and happy hour-what's better?
Free flowing poolside
Its yoga time again free flow thursdays poolside 6:30pm-come at least 30 min early for a spot-it fills up quick!
Alex Austin freee flowing-ommmmmazing!
Ahhhh ommmm yoga...
Born again yogini
Found my phone in the bushes!
Turn in off of 24th and missouri
And it goes on and on...
video and craps roulette, sex and the city machines, spicy bloody marys with green olive and a shrimp!
Wild night!
Hot asana poolside 7pm Wednesdays!
Free poolside yoga 7pm wednesdays
Yoga poolside, new friends :)
Rooms look nicer than outside
Checking out and heading home. Nice hotel. Huge suite.
Spa day, fun day!
Deep tissue massage, yowza!
Love our suite
Up $600
What a dump!
Lisa freakin' Lampanelli, oh yeah!
Gondola surprise!
Middle of the night 2AM snack run downstairs and hubz ran into his fave ever Uber football star Ronaldinho in the casino lobby. Guess rumors r srs about FC LV club signing. Hubz now glowing w pride after we chilled with the master dribbler over drinks! #winning
Having a wonderful dinner with my loverface.. Yum
with loverface:)
with my love
With loverface:)
breakfast time at the spa:)
Back for a deep tissue massage !! yeah buddy
getting ready to see O!
love this place and the prestige lounge:-)
dinner with loverface
80 min couples massage with Jason yay
Penthouse suit!!
Penthouse suite!
Eq AZ event is packed!
Happy birthdays ladies!
Iconic & 50's cool!
Great cover band!
Girl Scouts AZ Annual Meeting
Have a credit card ready!
Chateau
Beautiful Mother's Day Brunch!!
Getting hair & makeup done for Bridget's wedding today!!
Already poolside and the hotel is sold out!!!!
Just leaving a GB spoken word poetry session. I enjoyed the he'll out of that! Just what I needed to cap the weekend off.
Very clean, free parking, friendly staff, great location, connected to indoor restaurants and shopping.
Leaving a killer event here. I had a hella time out tonight. A really good start to a weekend %O
Celebrating with Alexa
Great spot for Celebrating; twelve years ago today I met my wife.
Family time... feels very weird :(
My last night here :( Back to work.
We made it!
Girl's night out!
Chilling with my girl and my primo and his wife.
They require a $75 deposit, which is returned to you at the end of your stay BUT DO NOT mention it on their website!
Free WiFi and Full Kitchen w/Amenities!
Daira and nate's wedding!!!
USAA Holiday Party!
tran's family xmas vaca!
Suite!!!
Bye bye Vegas
Hot tub action! Lol
Chillaxin with the hubs
Beautiful grounds.  Wow!
Charlie Wilson is the truth!
Was fun while it lasted. Ha
The annual Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony is better every year and a ton of fun!
Thanks Angela for letting me crash here love the rooms here so spacious!!!
Parking is impossible for the amount of time "$pent"
Best free breakfast incl pancakes, eggs, bacon, tazo teas, biscuits and gravy just to name a few!
Very courteous service.
Sodas at lobby are $2.  Sodas in vending machine by icemaker are $1 each.  There is a shopping center within walking distance with restaurants.
Ask for your AAA/AARP discount BEFORE you give them your credit card. They will not ask you and they will not reimburse the same day of the transaction!
sayin hello to some friends at the Matchbox
Got my chips. Deal the cards
Great sprawling resort nestled against South Mountain.  Excellent for families.
Great spot for a cocktail overlooking the golf course. As a nearby local, there's something fun about coming to a resort where everyone is on vacation.
Love this hotel. Beautiful.
In 2015 one should not have to move furniture and unplug lamps to recharge gadgets at a corporate hotel.
Pool party Memorial Weekend. Total pandemonium (not in a good way). Moving to Wynn after GNR show.
Brought $5 cash and gonna go all out!
Good place to crash after a long night of drinking.
Left in the morning and 6hrs later our roo
Left in the morning and 6 hours later out room hadn't been cleaned. Otherwise a great hotel with awesome location and super comfy bed.
Finally here.
Wine walk stop 2!
Biggest and Swankiest  Hyatt in Arizona!
Great casino near Henderson
There is 1 ice machine and it's on the first floor near the vending machines.
There is nothing really near this place, just the Thai hut (very good), CVS, and a gas station that doesn't sell booze.
Bars close after 1am here, lame
Nice!
This is 3-star (hotel rating) at best.  They charge $14 per day for Wi-fi, no free one anywhere within the hotel. Not coming back.
For better breakfast or lunch on weekdays & Saturdays, just walk to The Brown Bag (16th St & Morten) near BofA building.
Lets get this party started
Then entrance to this place is hidden.
Hotel is pretty but overpriced. Don't expect to get to many free drinks while gambling.
Let's get started!!! Bitches
Drinking
Fuck
G new place
Using the scenery for family photos.
Karaoke lounge!
5-6 free wine & margaritas!!!
Lobby Restaurant is actually quite good, though a bit pricey. Grounds kept up nicely - checking out the water slide
Happy Anniversary to us!
Recreating wedding day photos. Favorite part of our trip.
Phoenix Fashion Week
Wow...only 2 luggage carriers in the whole tower???  Be prepared to spend 40+ minutes to check in and unload everything if you're in the 30+ floor.
Suprisingly nicer than I expected.  I expected a run down place but it is clean!  They also have a Craigslust special $175/week but you have to print it out.
This is a link for my sister, Darcy, to check on for Nov.
Wow!
Gorgeous property!
Beautiful here!
If you want to get to the top, take Inclinator 1A to the 27th floor.
25% military discount!
Most all rooms are two room suites.  Our suite also had a deep tub.  Probably the nicest hotel room I have stayed at in several years!
Such a charming and romantic resort!
Love our complimentary bottle of champagne! VIP treatment!
Love the room at Palms Place!!!
The only bad thing about the Hilton is signing in to the Internet every 24 hours. Otherwise this place rocks! Staff is awesome, good food, and a well kept hotel.
WARNING this place has BED BUGS!!!!
Grab a seat by the fire pits and enjoy the XMas light show from 6-9. The bar menu is pretty decent. Try the meat lovers pizza.
Excellent simple and new hotel, with attentive staff
Fresh &new, cheerful, prompt staff
Camelback Suites are closest to the water park.
They have a children's splash pad play area here! I like!
$25 to check in 1 hour early :( and.... Every. Single. Word. Can be heard from guests in adjacent room :''(
Roller coaster time
Check in.
Getting this party started
Jger bomb time
Hanging.
This weekend has been amazing
Checkin in and drinking
Walking thru, looks nice now
Valet is horrible
Rehab
Password for the complimentary Internet is Doubletree10.
When I checked in the A/C was blasting and the room temperature was 60! Way too cool, way too loud! So I turned it off and over 5 days the temperature didn't go up past 77. Even though the day's highs were over 100.
The Spa at Camelback Inn is tranquil. Excellent staff that cater to your needs without being stuffy.
First day in Vegas yeeeeee!
Checking out today...love this hotel!
Actually we're at the casino for the buffet.
Lovely ambience. Lets see how it goes...the short ribs are amazing!
Meeting place.... For Avon with Miss Ablee
Wednesday free pie... Here we come!
Free pies start at 10a.... Place is packed... So don't be in a hurry for your free slice of pie! If you are in a hurry... You can order to go!  I also filled out an application for hire too!
Got a great deal on Groupon couldn't pass it up. Then when I checked in last night & they asked why we had come I shared it was our 18th anniversary & they upgraded us to a junior suite at no charge to us! Sweet! I'll definitely recommend coming here.
Yay! Midway!
Time for midway!
Going to see Mystere tonight.
Picking up my friend...
Bye, Scottsdale!
Home sweet home.
Checked out!
Home sweet home.
Good bye, super nice suite!
One last visit...
It's gorgeous in here!
Hello, Las Vegas!
Still nicest in Scottsdale area
Great breakfast buffet.
Great time with the family, Kandi's birthday weekend!
Los Lobos concert!!!!
Huge problem. Dirty ears in Vegas. No worries Aria's got Qtips
Huge problem. Dirty ears in Vegas. No worries Aria's got Qtips
Comedy on Sat night. Holiday & Wine events.
i'm kind of obsessed with the way this hotel smells. horchata and...something i can't quite put my finger on.
getting married here november 9th! the hotel has been a pleasure to work with and i can't wait to see how everything comes together!
The beds were very comfortable,  however the pillows were very hard.  Usually  hotels will have more than two pillows, firm and hard pillows, to be able to choose from.  There is no coffee  maker in the room.... which was a bummer.  Aside from the above mentioned issues it is a nice hotel.  The customer  service was good.
This restaurant is run by a bunch morons. Don't expect any services.
Use your AAA for extra savings
Casino is fun but long wait for valet.....
Parking n construction is a nightmare
Pool party in the rain, guess we will see how this go
Not bad place to crash
http://bit.ly/1OpalAO
The pool has a deep end, be careful if you have kids.
You get what you pay for.
Now is named Renaissance Hotel Phoenix (Formally the Wyndham)
Wow. So neat!
Enjoying The 2012 Mother's Day Brunch, in Ballroom II, with three of my favorite ladies... Happy Mother's Day XOXOXO
The Adam Clark Band, oh yeah :-)
Winning money
Love the style of the new rooms!
The pool is so sweet, this is a great off the strip spot. Security guards are super strict tho.
Pager friendly.
Sweet lobby bar ... For 4 people.
New upgraded rooms r nice!
Until next time
Love this casino!
Geezus
Dude. This place. Out of control fun
Dude.
I thinkin just got small pox and herp from beer pong here. Keeping it classy.
Last night before this place implodes.
Forget about valet parking and just park behind the place. Very nice hotel with simple modern spacious rooms. Friendly staff and great location.
Disappointing. What happened to the good machines? Everything is computerized now.
Get an even room number and you'll have a relaxing pool view. Loved the balcony. In-room Starbucks & Tao tea. Would have enjoyed a newer hotel, but the updates weren't unappreciated.
Lunch time
The worst hotel I have been too
Two free days!
I won't ever stay here again, and I haven't even slept here yet. Nothing positive to say so far.
Excellect.  Period
Go to Sanctuary or The Phoenician!
What's up
I just want to live here that's all I can say
Pretty nice place for a getaway and the best shower heads
Cool place  would come here over  all the big name casinos  any day
Awesome just awesome e everything was awesome
Weird place
Just here to make a donation to the local  Indian tribe
Probably a hoppin place in its days inn  heyday nite club is still there but not used "yet" but I can only imagine the convince then of "hooking" up and a hotel room just upstairs pool area is cool and still have a decent cont  breakfast rooms are very basic a/c units need to be cleaned badly toxic front desk folks are very nice security guy  Jerry  and Rambo  are cool also I would still come back again can't beat the price for a weekend place where the girlfriend can moan loud and nobody cares
Birthday fun!!
The pool closes at 7 what the fuck.
What the hell am I doing here?? Our ac broke at home and my cheap boyfriend got us a room here. For shame!
This hotel opened on October 25th, 2016
Roof top.
Remember it's slippery poolside! But there's no place like this pool.
They have a bathroom kit that includes shampoo, conditioner, mouthwash, body lotion, shower gel, bars of soap, Q-tips & cotton balls, as well as a shower cap.  Got us covered!
Headlining Crown Comedy tonight and tomorrow :-D
Great photo op!
Waves, sun and slide.
Phoenix Chamber IMPACT awards
Beware of the CCDC releases...the nug is the closest pay phone...
Back to the old HQ
Come down to support Team Gail, tons if prizes, performances, car show, food trucks, and latin food festival with carnival!
Outrageous decor, I love it!
Coziest casino in LV
Foodie festival!
Sports book is chill
Beautiful theme with exceptional service...
Mayweather v. Ortiz weigh ins
RZA, The Man with the Iron Fists! Biggups Sone for the tix!
Gem away from home
The only night I hit up the strip to try my luck
@the stomping grounds...best hotel in south Vegas by far...
First bets of the season...Northwestern, ECU, USF, and LSU...Winners! 4 for 4!
You know what it is...
At stomping grounds
Live night at the point...
Back for more!
Back again...
Turkey day bets!
You know what it is
Hawaii upsets Xavier!
Got lucky with two lottery parley tickets, TGINBA!
Bowl week!
BCS Championship!
It's a mad house here!
This is the big one!
Winding down...
Future nba bets
Thirsty!
Football is back!
Cha-ching
Games, friends, drinks and good times...
Just spotted a cowboy with corn rolls...
Home sweet home #r&s
New Asian restaurant, Zenshin opening up, my boy that worked at Sushi Mon & Goyemon will be working there.... #eager
Dirty 12:30 -comedy show headlines titus and mencia...for FREEEEEEEEE!
Hard work, dedication
Cheap football hotdogs!
For some odd reason, the R&S won't allow me to switch a bet, where the line hadn't changed to another bet nor has the game started, that is even more of a long shot...and nothing in the rules saying otherwise...
Coming with the cali connect at the heart bar
Ever wonder why the security guards here look like they are planning to invade Poland?
Stay classy LV
Its not what you think...I'm here for work...
Back again
Chillin with the sis at cosmo pool
Ice skating?! Yessir!
Poolside concert with Dialated Peoples, thanks for the free tickets Liza...
It's great. Free Espresso.
Boring!
Here for the District 3 TM Conference.
Wish us luck...
In and out...
Full service Casino, bar, theater, and resturaunts.  Casual dress way ok
Have arrived rm sm. but serviceable.  Swimming pool and cardio fitness center.  :-)
Have arrived Sm. room but serviceable swimming pool and cardio fitness center :-)
Very attentive staff
The self parking garage gates are broken so self parking in the garage is free.
I love this spa!
Love you long time treatment!
The 57th Floor view is awesome!
First time here not for clubbing lol
Blue sky is throwing me off...
Volcano!
Sirens
Time for bed? I think not ;)
6 bucks for steak and eggs lol
To sleep or not to sleep..
Expect nothing but a sample of the finest downtown Scottsdale has to offer under or above one roof
Hipster ghetto. I fucked up booking here. Woulda been cool when I was 22.
Love this place, try the Jade Monkey slots!
Free photo touching a million buckaroos!
This place is classic!  And on the Strip...
Pick up a monthly pool pass for $30 instead of payin $10 each time! can't beat it! the cocktails poolside with a live DJ is fantastic
Rooftop
Beautiful breakfast!!
An amazing place to stay! I highly recommend the view rooms of the Strip.
If you are inspired by mid-century architecture, you must spend some time at the Hotel Valley Ho in Scottsdale.
New Hotel in the historic Monroe Building
No kids for the whole night, its so quiet.
Ball so hard mu pho cus wanna find me...
The best free breakfast and free drinks for 2 hours each weekday
Craps time!
Pimping ain't easy
$5 craps baby. Cheap tables, free drinks and a few fights. If you want a cheap and interesting time hit oshea's
Went for a retirement party. Horrible service. Uncaring staff. This is actually a Hilton property? Had better service at the Motel 6, across the street.
Great Buffett it's a cheaper Rio $10.00 difference but still great fresh food.
Gross, why would anyone ever stay at a motel 6
Good flight..upgraded to 1st class & they didn't make us put Princess under the seat :-)
Football nirvana..6 games on big screen..go steelers
Scored 2 great seats in the sports book for the Steelers game..
Sports book watching nfc game..scored excellent seat even thought it's packed
Staing downtown
Going to Scorps concert with heavy heart since my bro Marvin was supposed to be here.
Cinderella concert. Shutup.
Underwhelming - attention to detail is lacking. Carpets are dirty, empty bottle of wine in the fridge, the AC was not running when I checked in so the room smelled musty - like beer was being fermented in the bathtub. There are no electric plug near the bed - I was to be sitting on my bed and charging my phone and working on my computer. Come-ON!
Ask for a room on the back of the building :-)
.
Super pool staff and desk staff and bellmen!!  Exquisite grounds; LOVED the herb garden park out back and the beautiful lighted trees out front! Fun to sit by the fire pit with a glass of wine and listen to the coyotes yip and howl in the distance
Free valet parking, comfy beds, super AC, quiet rooms in a game-free/smoke free, modern facility with fun extras and staff eager to help out!
Don't request 6th floor Wi-Fi does not reach most of the rooms. In this case I would not request hight floor if you plan on using your tablet.
Il migliore fino ad oggi, rapporto qualit prezzo ottimo.
The suites include a bed, pull out couch, flat screen tv, microwave, mini fridge, coffee maker, mini bar sink, desk & office chair, staff is really friendly and helpful...Call for free airport pickup! I paid $17 for a cab, and I didn't realize they will pick you up & drop off to airport for FREE
Free airport shuttle between 7am and 10pm to and from Phoenix International Airport: just call the hotel when you arrive and they will send the shuttle
Super awesome.
Here at Shelby graduation Woot Woot!!!!
Gambling Day with my mommy!!!! Wheel of fortune!!!
Won't stay here again. Buffet is terrible, 30 minutes to check in, and staff is not very accommodating. You get what you pay for.
This place is rather a pleasant surprise
Vegas ahhhh Vegas. When I rolled up to Vons, I walked in & was hit on as I got a cart. Such a freaking fog boost!
I like the gingerbread houses.
Open again. :) Thursday nights they have the Swingin Speakeasy for all you Westside swing dancers! Or those that ever wanted to take lessons!
Yeah cool
Great concierge room
find another hotel if you're bringing your dog. their "grassy area for pets" is clear across the casino, in the back parking lot area, the grass isn't even real grass, tiny patch of crappy filthy fake grass that my dog and other dogs didn't even want to step on to use.
A lovely stay
Fun pool scene
My favorite hotel shower, although it really should come with instructions on how to use it
Its casino night!
Nice rooms but no bathtub in this double room
Check out the Willy Wonka gingerbread display! They have a "golden ticket" contest on the weekend for the kids.
At the Hair World Finals
Great stay! Lazy river, spacious accommodations, friendly staff too. Forgo the timeshare presentation.It isn't worth the incentive.
Beautiful rooms! However, long walk to elevators from registration.
The rooms are very nice and it is in walking distance of the ball park.
Amazing rooms!
Spring Training!!
The continental breakfast has hardboiled eggs. But made like an amateur with green around the yolk.
DJ Mike Attack is the bees knees!!
Water, please.
If you are local, you can score an upgrade to a better suite!
Dollar Jello shots at the entrance! Free use of the gym if you visit a guest.
Watch the fountain water show up close even if your room has a view.
Killer Fountains!
Some of the best hotel bars in Vegas!
Please don't miss the Secret Garden with Lions and Cheetah's and the Dolphin Habitat. Baby dolphins!
West Wing FTW!
Loose slots....won 260 bucks on a quarter slot machine. Wtf
Park on the roof for fast parking
Ghetto
Nice pool!
Nice pool. Swanky rooms.
The real Caesar lived here
No Resort Fee! Score!
One of the best places to party in all of Vegas. Trust me.
Dollar margaritas. A little weak so grab a few.
Gonna sound weird, but the topless pool is the place to be. No kids around and better music.
Nice lobby. Happy hour too.
Fantastic Happy Hour! 4-8pm! Half off all drinks and apps.
Little people everywhere and five dollar car bombs.
Some morning Golf
Having fun already...don't miss the frozen Tickled Pink and jello shots
Tiki Bar
Holy cow!!
Here for a week of golf b
Here for a week of golf.
Wonderful place. Been here one week already and heading back home to California today.
56lanes open till 3am
Summer Nationals ABT Tournament for 50K
It's time to bowl!
Heading home early to avoid the heat and traffic
Coming for the rides
Watching Phantom before it ends Sept 2, 2012
Self-park is easily accessible & saves you $27 a day over valet :)
WSOP craziness.....if you're into that kinda thang!
It's like a theme park in here - or, kinda like the real Paris threw up :[]
Gaming, food, & spirits amid perfect air conditioning!
Serenity in the desert!
Good Luck Bar. Dueling pianos. WOW
Free cookie when you check in. Then 4 more later. Now stomach hurts. But so delicious.
New, big and fun casino. Hotel and pool.....leaves much to be desired.
Decent restaurants and nice hotel.
Great downtown Phoenix hotel - beautiful rooms with great views and very friendly service.
Just checked in. Nice room. Live reggae music & bbq in courtyard until 8pm.
Stayed in the venezia tower and the room was awesome for a 2 bed with a living room section.
Awesome rooms!! Long check outs!!
Very old fashion theme
Old style and environment
Nice hotel! The theme makes me want to party!! Love it! Blackman theme room!
Lots of shops and restaurants! Connected to the venetian!
Clean rooms, pool/hot tub, coffee maker and fridge. Too bad the one microwave is in the lobby.
Comp water??! Nice. ....unlike the Hyatt regency nearby that wants 5$. Yowzaaaa
I love my job
March of Dimes Awards
csr/ap training!
Checking out... Sedona, here we come:)
Eh... I was expecting more...
Pretty fancy hotel, the employee's are nice too.
Park and fly for free if you stay here. Perfect for travelers.
Nice outdoor pool in the courtyard!
A bit run-down, but they have laser tag and a fun arcade on the bottom floor for those who'd rather waste money on something other than slots.
Courtyard of doubletree.
Beautiful, relaxed resort/ casino
Came back to my room to find a condom wrapper on the bedroom floor.  What was housekeeping doing while I was away?
Older hotel. Must walk outside to get to open air room doors. Not bad, but different in a upscale motel kinda way.
Cookies!
Pool time!
Beds are comfy.
Everything you need right here pretty much!
If you want to eat out go up 44th  and pass the freeway. There are lots of places to eat
Great service.  Breakfast no good for healthy eaters though.  Needs updating.
Service
They allow dogs for a small fee and they give you WARM COOKIES!!
Ready for a good game.
Family fun day with the nieces , Amy, Cynthia & Cory
Yay for terrace room upgrades!!
Where does one go to brunch in Arizona? The casino.
Work lunch at the buffet. :)
Great place for a seminar/work function. Despite its massive resort size, everything is pretty easy to get to.
Outstanding, attentive staff.
For a resort that is supposed to be quiet and relaxing , there sure is a lot of party music at all times!
Vodkatini/Watermelon basil scrub rocks!!
Hot freeways packed
With my son n briana movies
Movies with briana and her folks
For VLV with Briana
At the sports book bar with briana loul Lou n friends
Here now checking in
Very welcoming staff, although the cleanliness of the bathrooms could use some help.
Pay the extra money to stay here, it's worth it.
You can't come here and not golf!
a dump!!!
A Dump!!!
Why not?
Club Rain is insane!
Do NOT do the Venus European Pool party @ Caesar's Palace. SOOOO BOO.
Love this place!!!
Yeeeee
I don't hear it... Lol
Brunch
Drank's with my 8 mile! Yippee
Beautiful grounds for the Sysco event!!! Can't wait for dinner!
Orange Sky private tour. Wonderful!!  Helps to ask around!!
Oasis water park will not start a tab on the credit card, also under staffed for a Friday night. Good activities for kids, decent water park
Nice facility, nice courtyard, Starbucks inside.
Bruno Mars concert!
Dinner then watching The Beatles Love Show
About to watch Lion King
Attending 2011 Miss USA pageant
Let the relaxation begin!
Checking out the M.O.B experience
Home for the next 3 1/2 days!
Relaxing pool side while boys swim!!
Attending Miss USA 2011
Tickets to Phantom!
Titanic and Bodies exhibits,  awesome!
Very cheap restaurant
Travel zoo vouchers up to 50% off
Dogs allowed ($20 non refundable pet fee)
Platinum Marriott ppl can almost always count on a room here even if it is showing "no rooms" online
The filet lo mien & walnut shrimp are amazing!!!!
They say that the fireworks display here is awesome - we'll see. But everyone I asked said its the best in town. Great casino.
Speed bumps. Ugh.
NAAAP conference! No not the NAACP...
The more circle roundabouts, the nicer the resort
Dental prommin it up
Over books even if reservations are made, does not refresh rooms. Fake staff!
My room didn't have a mini fridge, or a microwave.  I also woke up to find a huge roach in the restroom but as soon as I let the desk know they sent someone to take care of it. Other than those issues it is a very attractive and reasonably priced place.
Just road the Manhattan Express...hella fun
Enjoying a virgin pina colada while our room is getting set up :) LOVE the huge pool area here.
Poolside with the parents.
Heated pool & two hot tubs! Ave & I are swimming with Papa.
Thanks Jen our room is sweeet! Happy Birthday to ME!! :)
Wedding done, made some pretty images.
Staycation, It's like house arrest with much less restrictions.
ICAN Festival Of Trees
At a sales conf here.....
Vacation starts now. Alisa is buggin out!
Conference day one. Let's do this!
Final day!
SARRC Community Breakfast
Pool time!
Hit Asana Yoga by the pool
Hot yoga Wednesdays in August!
the spa is wonderful
Hollywood and Vines
It was my sons 4th birthday and they delivered cookies and milk to our room for him ;)
Fish tacos and long islands by the pool are delish
One night away with my favoritest guy! :-)  looking forward to the downtime.
Work seminar, 9am to 4pm today!  Yay, i think!  Lol
Holiday party!!! Yayyyyy!! :-)
Looks juicy
Official grand opening today!!
The board girls are REALLY good here.  Very tough job
Had one of the regular players steal my headset.  So far, after viewing the tape and filling out an incident report, NO JUSTICE
Still getting asked about Earbudgate.  When will it die down?
Can we PLEASE give the casino some money??  No, not now.  We have a hiring freeze.  Please wait 2-3 hours, ok?
Hundreds of people waiting to give their money to casino, some will stay, some will leave---awesome planning!!
Pokerstars buying Full Tilt,  doesn't make sense.
Me to poker room cage : red, please?      Cage :  sorry,  we're out of red.
Floor people here are very nice but.....
REALLY ??????   A ticket for turning into the wrong lane after a full stop???    I PAY OVER $50,000 A YEAR  TO THIS TRIBE AND YOU NEED AN EXTRA $ 80????
The staff here ranges from extremely good/competent to horrible/should have been fired a long time ago.
Not one losing session since being bullied by management.               KARMA,  baby!!!!!
Really, no more reduced rake in a short handed time game!!  I just want to get on the record that this IDIOTIC rule (only casino in the country) won't stand.  WE are helping YOU keep the game going,
Bullies
Best poker room in Arizona by far but, no one can fix the air conditioning.  It's been  29 months now
It's fuckin freezing in here today!
Two days after EARBUDGATE-- things are quieting down.
Nice live band. Kinda quite but it is only 9pm
I actually like the free coffee here...
The bar here has a lively business scene
$10 martini's in the center bar! Awesome deal!
Love the rooftop bar and Michael Jackson tribute, Thriller!!!
Reception is directly behind the fountain... No signage so a little confusing.
Don't come here for the pool...sad sad sad.
We're in Vegas baby!!!
Finally...beautiful hotel!
Platinum elite member, feeling like I should've stayed elsewhere. Free Internet? That's it?
No real hairdryer, just the one in the wall :)
Alzheimer's conference!
Concierge lounge with elite membership=unlimited chips and airport shuttle.  Yeah!
NEVER STAY HERE!! Dirty rooms and rude staff!!
Great inexpensive off-site parking for Sky Harbor.
VERY nice rooms for $43 military rate for 2 queen @ their website. Adrian very helpful w/ early check in for roller derby event.  GREAT deal
Good continental breakfast.  Small, but nice pool area. Clean, well stocked room.
Excellent service from all staff at the hotel. The only drawback is the concierge lounge is a joke
Quick check in and nice rooms time after time. Resturant is good always.
Nice heated pool.
Great little spot for Denver Airport area. Clean fresh facility. Lacks food availability.
#SMDayPHX to learn some stuff for @trucab
Taking the day off with Abby!
Checking in for tonight!!
La quinta nicer and cheaper
Pool is 24 hours, and has nice and clean bathrooms!
Run!!!!!!!! It's disgusting here don't come here infested with rats and bed bugs!!!!
Good price and the room was nice and clean... Also easy find for out of towners
Do not stay or play ,I stayed hear on work and did not enjoy at all. The room has hair in the tub and the walls are very thin .
I was just browsing never meant to check in. Oops
Should be 4 star hotel super nice. Thank you priceline $50 bucks sweet deal
girls night
Great night with the ladies. Very nice hotel, little disappointed with the pool atmosphere. Pool side service would have been nice
slots slots slots
Oh Venetian, glad to be back!
Mr Olympiad after-party @ the Tao
This casino is so so but it has the hippest Mexican restaurant called Carlos & Charlie. On Friday nights, they have free shots at the bar.
Free wifi, free breakfast, free shuttle service to the airport & a $20 dining credit at the Garcia Mexican restaurant. What a deal!
My mini suite wasn't bad at all. It succeeded in changing my perceptions of this hotel franchise. Now if they will only include free breakfast...
Was assigned to a smoking room when I requested a non-smoking and they won't let me change cause I purchased the hotel from Priceline .
Worth your business. The owner went above and beyond. Will write review
My momma's way of bonding with her daughters. :)
Lots of friends here
yeahhhhh free Mai Tai
Beer pong! Enough said.
Great service from the hotel staff.  This place is a bit older but still really nice.  Great atmosphere.
Getting my crunk on!
New menu from last time.  Fretzy ' Pale Ale was very good.
Quiet on a Wednesday night
They have a cool gift shop
Internet is worthless in my room. Awful for the business traveler.
Free wine from 5-6 pm in the lobby. Take advantage! Also, poolside service on the weekends is great.
Fitness center is top notch, a real workout is possible here
There are two Rodeway Inns on Van Buren street in Phoenix. Make sure you book the right one!
Nice - I meant nice, not "noce"... Sorry about that!
Ashleys getting married. :)
High Tea
Easter Brunch.  Booooom!!!!!!
Ask for Keith or Cheryl.   Keith does amazing sports massage.
Roulette baby!
Yummy!
The players from the fiesta bowl r staying here
Holy shit makes all places look like a sham .... gonna post tons of picts
The Paradise Tower rooms are nice!
Take a break from the water and slides...Pizza and pepsi for lunch.
This place rocks the sizzle... live music by the pool all day!
Water slide fun
This place is fun! Love the atmosphere! check out the lazy river
Chillin' by the pool all day with some of my peops. Loving life.
Pool time! Dj just started jammin
Awesome pool parties when Roy djs
Great place !
Get a cabana!
ROACHES!!!! And prostitutes. On top of that, rude staff! This place is a crack house. Avoid!
Artopia
Only Homewood Suite I've been in that actually seasons the food. Best hotel breakfast I've encountered.
I know it's the desert, but damn when the glass of water is empty, replenish it...
Nice place to mellow out to live music and fine wine.
Bigger than most of the area's casinos. Valet parking is available. Great entertainment. At least three places inside where you can listen to music (live music and DJs). Many restaurants! Plus, there's a huge swimming pool! If you have a couple of hours to kill, come here!
Nice cure for insomnia.
Happy 4th!
Great resort! You can do so much more, beside gamble your future away! Nice restaurants, lounges, and showrooms! Courteous staff too!
Shadows lounge is the best place in this resort!
Nice place for fun fun fun!!!
Can't beat the summer pool parties
Came to Relax, but ended up working again.
Love the happy hour. $3 wells and free cheese? I'm there.
Here to give a presentation on restaurant marketing to utilizes social media and #foursquare.
Bring on the fireworks! Seriously the best show EVER! Can't wait! :-o
We got hot cookies when we checked in & the bed was comfy. Our stay was great!
Park on the streets.. Valet is $12 for the first 3hours.
Get the corner suite for a great view.
This is a Hotel that's more suited towards the business traveller vs vacationer.
This is beautiful after the upgrades they made. Rooms are awesome
Need more staff at the front desk
Get a room away from the elevators - they are extremely noisy
Very nice after it's renovation!
I feel too old to be staying here
Superb location and the villas are very spacious
Just like embassy suites with free breakfast and cocktails, but so much nicer..
Great hotel. Nice suites for very good nightly rate.
When you're traveling for work and you don't have the energy to find a place to eat for breakfast or an early dinner, their complimentary breakfasts & dinners are a big help.
Nice place other than the spotty internet connection, and the bloody fingerprints on the wall...
Wonderful place for weekend, excellent food! Will be back!
Do not sleep here- horrible bed linens with a plastic sheet!
Well this is one of the worst bartenders ever. We sat for, not kidding, 15 min. No hello, nothing.  Then we asked if their was another bar.  She said no. Only in the restaurant she says. Actually their is a bar outside and to the east of the middle bar.   Terrible service!!!!  Hope to not see you soon.
Sweet layout
Super fun night!  It Works!
Happy birthday, Chris!
Request a room on the non-freeway side!
Everyone here is SO nice!!
Never pay to enter.
Miami Vices poolside :)
Gorgeous resort...flawless service
Rooms are nice but too pricey....$ 330 for a room with two double beds and a panoramic view is a lot of dough. For that kind of money, I would want a suite...but then again this is high season...I'll deal with it.
Lovely place to hang out and walk around. There are some amazing restaurants too!
Ask for a casita instead of a room. They're more private, pretty sweet and close to the pools.
Lots of things to keep the kids busy while the adults play in the slots area
Ask for an east side room facing the Encore and you won't hear the train whistle while you're trying to get some shut-eye.
They allow pets for an extra fee!
Midori Sours at the pool are AMAZING!
Sunday dj and booze
Getting it on for epicurial fir #azbeerweek and rockin it out
Staycation!!
Easter brunch HEAVEN
You have got to be fucking kidding me...FML
BAM!!
Great deep tissue massage with Evan
Nice jacuzzi
Best SPG hotel for the $$
Pretty!
Bar!  Open till midnight on Sunday!
Room. Bed. Tired.
Relaxing and soaking up the sun!
Pool and sunshine!
Lunch with grams.
Wedding Time
Rockin the Kasbah
Outstanding service, great meal!
Work work work
The truffle chicken pot pie is amazing!
Beautiful property.
Dated...
Free wifi great pool, nice decor
Girls of Grace
Los Lobos!
Bachelorette time!!!
Ready to see A Tribute to Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons.
Bomb buffet
It's a great price. 55 per night. Suite size
Look on airbnb for a place closer next time. 1/2 the price
Ninja party!
Dog friendly
Clean, newer hotel. Cheap during summer, $70/night during summer 2016 on a Saturday .
Tuesday is all day happy hour!
This is only my first time here, but after walking the grounds and seeing the sights, it's not hard to see why this place gets so much praise. The location is incredible-- within 10 minutes of the airport, AZ Mills Mall right down the street, but just enough off the beaten path to be able to offer that "home away from home" vibe. And the resort is GORGEOUS!  (Full review coming later. Time to dance ^_^)
Can't wait to see @GarthBrooks tonight
Blame it all on my roots
This place is legit! Upgrade @ check-in for our anniversary and a bottle of champagne & strawberries!
FYI, checking in via yelp apparently does not guarantee a room
Made it to Vegas
Thank you Stef
Just checked in with my sister, happy hour by the pool. Ready for some girl time!
Birthday celebration just keeps on going......soooooo relaxed right now
10% off any room, including the Spa Suite! Yes, they have a Suite with a walk out balcony, Fireplace and a Spa, great for a night away!
Great place to have a wedding!
Love this place more every time I come!
Twice as many rooms at this one
Birdie on the first hole!
With my girl at the pool. Swanky!
The Palms has a reputation as a party place for the young and beautiful, but as a hotel its quite lacking. No easy breakfast place. No shuttle from the airport? Get in line early for the shuttle to the strip. No coffee maker in a hotel room?! But beds and rooms are nice. Simon restaurant is classy.
At $59/night + tax The 3 Palms seems like a pretty good deal, and I was really happy to have a staycation. But I won't stay there again. The beds are very hard... repeat the beds are very hard. Housekeeping emptied the trash, but did not make the bed. The pool is smaller than it looks in the picture. The bar at the pool as well as the restaurant on property have closed. Wow. I didn't mean to have this review sound so bad, so I'll conclude by saying this is just a very basic hotel.
This place is gorgeous!
Second time here. Diamondbacks game this time vs Dodgers. Dbacks  win! Took light rail to and fro.
James McMurtry at the Rhythm Room
If you are okay with a cold shower, this is the place for you.
Reasonable room service and a top notch gym. #movemybody
Small gym. Close to trader joes and has a full kitchen to cook. #schweet!
Free dinner 5-7p! (M-Th) Come 'n get it!
Hidden secret: Fresh baked cookies after dinner. #shhhh
Free breakage and happy hour. #sweet!
Omaha Steak house within feet of my room. #devil
Long day=free happy hour. #content
Lynchberg Lemonade.
Having an early breakfast @ strata
Love the pool, staff, food, bed and location. Not crazy about the 5'-10" shower head being 6'-1".
Gorgeous refurbished room.  Unfortunately, the blackout curtains fall short and do not actually cover as much area as they should.  Bring an eye mask if you get a cabana room.
Super loud at night.  Not restful for convention or sporting competitions.  Disappointing sound proofing even on the 'quiet' side.
Pool view (gorgeous).  15th floor.  Pounding music from the pool every morning at 8 am.  Who needs a wake up call?
Best taxi ride ever getting here
So far...so good.
Poolside babee!
Niiiiice.
Morales wins...
Taking a much needed day off.
Amazing decor, delicious jello shots AND Phantom is playing now.
Skip the lion exhibit. They should replace those sad creatures with animatronics! Rest of the hotel is really nice. Also has CSI exhibit.
Central location + cheap rates = recessionista favorite.
Lunch buffet goes until 4:00. Great ambience... Desserts- not so much.
Won $300 in the casino, came back to my room and found a gift and thank you card from the staff for setting up my conference-wow. Thanks GVR
Goodbye!
Home for the next few days
Round 2 of trying 2 have a good b-day celebration!
Trying to celebrate my b-day a little early cuz I was scheduled to work on my actual birthday
Ready for breakfast after an awesome night!
This resort has aged very well.   Great place for meetings!!
Playing tourists with my cousins.
Happy Birthday to me!
I never noticed the Washington Monument (with Egyptian hieroglyphics) by the tram before... Hmmmm :)
Newly renovated!
No casino in this hotel, no smoking, and I love it!
Tony & Tina's Wedding! What a blast!
Been here 3 days.
Best place to stay at, eat, drink, and meet new friends.
Carpet smells.. There vacums are even smelly and puffs out dirt. It's disgusting here just as the manager is and shady.
Management is horrible. Carpet Smells. Disgusting place and manager.
Photobooth! At tacos and tequila.
comfy outdoor seating with amazing golf course views
Hire live job fair
Pool time
Front desk in middle of casino floor area, lol!
Great casino
Day 2!
Mini conference time
We love this place.  Great rooms, great deals can be had  especially when in between big events and in the slower season.  $100 dining credit with two nights stay right now.  Got the deal through Orbitz, though we are almost exclusively Priceline name your price travelers.
Happy hour 4-6 pm with great drinks!
this is now called the red lion inn
Nice hotel. Worst service at restaurant ever. She sucks bad. Rude, inattentive, ridiculous.
Pubic hair in bathroom to greet us. Not good. Fricken gross.
Dermalogica, SkinCeuticals and Babor products are used here for skin treatments.
Had a very relaxing and enjoyable 60 minute Essential Signature Massage by massage therapist Stefenia on 12/31/14. She had the right touch and applied adequate pressure on where I needed it the most. Unlike the U.S., massage therapists are licensed AND registered in Canada. Did not get to enjoy the spa facilities thoroughly because the spa closed early on New Year's Eve.
Plain Chinese congee/rice porridge and condiments seem to be regular items at the breakfast buffet but certain items change daily.  Market vegetables not available today, and smoked salmon was added, which was not available yesterday.
Buffet style breakfast ($22.00 per adult; $11.00 per child), includes market vegetable choices such as yellow carrots, asparagus and broccolini for veggie lovers, in addition to the standard items such as eggs, bacon and sausage. A more unusual choice is plain congee (Chinese rice porridge) with traditional condiments such as chopped green onions, peanuts, pickled and spiced vegetables and bamboo shoots.
Wifi, normally about $15/day, is free for Starwood Preferred Guest (Platinum). Wifi connection is strong and fast.
"Pack Light, Stay Fit" option is very reasonable - New Balance clothing and shoes delivered to your room for only $5.25 for the duration of your stay (NOT daily charge).
One of two hotels in the city that offers afternoon high tea service on weekdays. The Nutcracker High Tea for the holidays is served from 12/2/14 to 1/4/15, and available in 3 menus (regular @ $42, kids @ $25, or vegetarian @ $42). Reservations are taken with a credit card hold, with a 48 hour cancellation policy.
"High" tea here is actually "low" tea served on low tables and sofas. Foodwise, loved the lobster brioche and the untraditional scones (similar to those served in Hong Kong). Service can be spotty and a bit confusing.
Great staff & meeting rooms
At Phoenix Cooks! FOOD!!!
Be sure to get room on highest floor possible
Hahahahahah
Just settled in at the Paris hotel, it's beautiful!
OMG I'm still awake! Joe and I @ 4:07am with our good friend Javier
Free parking when you show your Sapphire card. Ox tail soup from 11pm to 9am. Pay $3 for Ox tail soup and Miso Butterfish with your Vacations Hawaii meal coupons.
Mom & aunties like to stay in the "new tower"...closer to the restaurant.
There's a small, rectangular shaped pool on the 13th floor. Opened from 8am to 8pm, the shallow end is 2'8" and the deep end is 4'8". No lifeguard. Shower first before swimming! Enjoy!
The Buddha is now closer to the Black Jack tables, next to the Noodle House.
Double points on Tuesday or Thursday
Show times for Mystic Falls Park: 2pm, 6pm, 8pm & 10pm.
Rub Buddha's tummy for good luck!
Monday is Senior Bonus Day and Wednesday is Young at Heart Day!
There's a two laned bowling alley here!
Senior Mondays!
Love Young at Heart Wednesdays with $4 movies and free buffets!  Oh...and the 4:30 pm drawing for cash prizes!   Thanks for the comp room!!
Remember to get a scratch card when you get 4-of-a-kind!
Fireworks show tonight!
Formerly known as Terrible's
Awesome place!
Watch the Chicago hot dog construction co. Restaurant in here... A coke zero bottle was $3.
The strip on Friday night is better than any treadmill or elliptical at the gym
Gotta park somewhere to walk to planet miracle mile shops ;)
This place rocks just to chill at.
Carrot top tonight
Give me life, give me pain, give me myself again.
Ok it's an addiction.
Here to see goatse!  Err I mean Gotye!
Been a while since I could sit and listen to the eagles, etc, while having a crown and relaxing... Nothing but thinking...
Beer with a friend!
Living, ikea style haha it's quite comfy and beautiful.
Every restaurant in Wynn/Encore has a vegan menu available...
Happy hour with the Moore family.
Horrible hotel all around. $25 resort fee. Pool sucks. Everything is old. Super Book service is slow. All employees hate working here and it shows.
drinking and eating and drinking
Nice!
Has an amazing guy playing music in the lobby
www.weddingphd.com working in LV. Occupy Wedding Marketing.
Our home for the next two nights. It's about to get fancy!
Let the games begin!
Live music every night!!
This hotel is absolutely extraordinary!
Live music by the pool!!
Davey-Brandes wedding. Notice the hyphenation?
Good wine list.
Beautiful!
The restaurants here charge you $1 for a to-go box.  Wow.  I don't quibble price, but I do question ridiculous policy.
They're now pumping the crystals scent into MGM.  I approve.
Nice...
Erikas favorite.
Premier parking...kinda
Good location, everything you need.
Sevendust acoustic...and a venue with an appropriate vibe for it.
Valet is now $12.  Used to be free.
Best parking at a concert ever.
Attending a seminar today on Coaching Skills for Managers & Supervisors.
Nice and comfortable!
Nice property!
Attending a Management Conference today at this awesome location. Great place for an all day meeting.
Nice and convenient hotel connected to the airport. The restaurant is alright but a little pricy for the value.
Very convenient place to stay for an early morning flight out.
We have stayed here a few times over the years...after the last time, it's now referred to as the "roach motel". Need I say more?
Great rooms but the wireless internet is slower than what you can get on your phone.
Nice poker room!
convenient lobby and friendly staff while waiting for limo pick up to the Rhino
BBQ and Final Four!
Happy hour at T-bones.
great suites for $99 per mo. with washer and dryer and refrigerator.
They add $4.50 on your players card when u sign up.  You can use it at the bar or cafe as well.
Solid dealers and comfortable chairs.  Aggresive pros and big action!
No limit poker not allowed in AZ.
Beds are hard!!!  Water pressure in shower sucks and parking is packed!!!  Everything else is fantastic and a great view from the room
Crazy weekend! Had so much fun
What a dump!
Jabbawockeez!
Very nice and inexpensive place to stay
Party time
Cashing in my pedi and mani voucher from my fianc!
Rimma's dance competition
Visit shadows cigar bar for a great time
Goodwill Event!
WinterJam Peeps!!!!
Staycation!
Let the anniversary party begin
Awesome Hotel
Empty W bar on a Monday night!
Here for high tea! Kevin the tea sommelier is awesome and worth the price of admission!
Christmas Tea with Kevin and Julie! Wonderful!
AMAZING Xmas Brunch!!   5 years & counting!  We love Jeremy & Katherine was wonderful today too:-).  We'll be back next year!!
Lady at the front desk in the evenings is rude and can't form complete sentences. But the beds at Hampton are always awesome.
The beloved cafe is gone! It's been turned into a Claim Jumper. Gross! Now where will I have my Monte Cristo?!
Great breakfast  with Kathy
Watch out for assholes
Waitress is nice
Just got an amazing massage. Wow
Fantastic pool and so relaxing on a hot day
Anniversary Staycation!
Wedding reception for friends in a penthouse! WOW!
I would think they could afford a .75 outlet cover...
Best reverse happy hour!
I love this casino!
Free breakfast :)
Woohoo nice hotel free upgrade! :)
Sorry all around. Spent a fortune on gambling.  No perks. Fed us lots of liquor than wouldn't let us rent a room. Supposedly full. Not true. Go to Gila River. Avoid this place.
Bring lots of money
Be nice with the people on the front desk and they may give you the WiFi password, in case you are not a Hilton golden member. Nice breakfast, spacious free parking lot. Location sucks but it is right off highway
I loved the room sizes. Full kitchen and everything.
Time to check out the Hugh Hefner suite!
superbowl party with my friends....go packers!
Love this dump!
Watching football..boring
Working....glad I have a job.
Hoping today is better at work. Had trouble yesterday. I feel somedays....of course I AM old!
Happy Friday!!!
Love this time of year...
Wonderful rain!! Thank-you Lord!
Working an extra day.
Here I go again....
Friday!
Friday:-)
Ugh....Monday. wish it was Friday :-(
Friday! FUN wknd planned with D:
Let the games begin...
friday ;)
It's cold out!! Happy Birthday Denise!
Friday!! So happy to see my friend coming in.
friday!!!!
Working
Sitting here at work w laurel on break ;)
Back again...fun weekend!
Here I am again....
Almost over slept..got up at 2:56!!!
It's cold out!!
WOW!
@ work..ugh
friday!!! a fun month ahead for me )
Oh my...
Friday!
Ugh..
Back again...
Here we go again...
Love this weather!!
friday :d
friday!!!!!!!
Oh My..
It was fun while it lasted..
Checking out in hour...I really Iam checking out...Lolol
Friday :)
Going to the movies to see Water for Elephants with Jade -)
wow wow wow!!!!
Breaking Dawn!! And g/f Jade :-D
Going to meet Denise!!
Horrible, horrible, horrible!
Wednesdays, flamenco show.  Ole!
Corporate 10 hrs meeting ahead :(
Party!
Here for the convention.
Phone was dead when I got here, but I did make it!
Rooms are small but clean. I do not know if I would stay here again.  I will review tomorrow
Must see outdoor area loads of pools, sandy beach and gondola rides
As basic as basic can be
Beautiful and convenient
Nice place have stayed here twice no problems. Free warm chocolate chip cookie at check in
Our new favorite hotel in Charlotte
Five star. A must for Casinos
The hot tub in the women's bathroom inside the spa is REALLY overdue for a cleaning. Actually grossed me out.
It's my birthday!
Great place for family fun at the pool!
Great value and an all around nice place!
Good Democrat; only here to potty.
$5 blackjack tables! Its on
Uh oh........
Ahhhhhh, nice.
Pool party.
Time for back up plans for unexpected power outage. Mother Nature is cruel sometimes.
I'm in Phx?!! No way!! I am in paradise :)
Was here helping a friend who's hosting gymnastic meet. Meeting room was huge and staff was friendly!
A beautiful resort with more than 85 years of history! They call it "The Jewel of Desert"!
A beautiful resort with more than 85 years of history!
Hangin' w/Robert Street, John Guffa & Randy Walker laughing, singing, dancing ........ hot band, cool friends
Upgrades are awesome! Goodie bags...yum!
Great drinks and great barkeeps
Menu changes a bit seasonally and has always been fresh. Worth the price.
Love Mandalay..
Fuck yes bitches!
It's the Ritz, what else would I expect.  Friendly attentive device and great amenities. Off to check out the rooftop pool.
Pretty good room in old town Scottsdale. Comfy, quiet, was clean and good price. Parking SUCKS, phone and wifi in lobby are horrible, worse in the rooms.
Kinda older looking from outside will update when I get settled.
Ok room turns out to be very comfortable nice to have full size refrigerator, coffee maker, microwave and toaster. Nice when you're staying a while. Water pressure great, staff very helpful and parking really sucks. Great place when price off season
Bowling and some drinks. I gotta get my weekend drinkin game up to par
Gonna grab some din din
Eat , drink and be Yelpin!!!
Time for oysters and bouillabaisse and  pan roast. The bread is like plain dinner rolls ( whatever ). Staff is friendly. Some things are changing not sure if good or bad.
Sit at the oyster bar for quick service and watching the March Madness NCAA games.
Nice outdoor feel while inside.
Great bartender! Smokin hot!
Nice little bar. Drinks before dinner
Try the Chicken and artichoke with pasta. It was really good.
Just dropping in to see to see the sights, pool area beach is HOT in more ways than one.
Tired hotel
Whoa, it was a rough one last night. But the Palms is a magical place...at some point I closed my eyes and abra cadabra poof I woke up on the kitchen floor at home. Wait with my wallet and no police. Life is good!
Just say yes! Big Smoke 2012
Seor frogs??
Gonna go hit some sushi and saki!
Party time. ;)
Cocktail service in casino is mediocre at best. But usually really good at pay bars, pubs and clubs.
Dinner and drinking. Great spot and a lot of options.
Make sure to get a room in front overlooking or near the pool. The back buildings may be quieter but boring.
Come take a lake visit.
Alot of people today. Way busy.
Nice resort off strip.
Make sure to get upper floor room as I could here upstairs room people walking around.
Just don't stay at the back of the property. At night you can hear the nightclubs.
Encore is attached to the Wynn and is really just another tower. The whole place is a notch above 95% of the other Las Vegas hotels.
Pre game workout, spa, massage and just spoil myself. Then for drink and play :)
Modern contemporary hotel restaurants, spa and bars. I love this place! It's like adult Disneyland . Yeaaaah!
Great place and a lot of cool spots for off strip eating, drink and partying. I love this place!
Closed at night and pool bars closed. But really nice sitting out here by the pool.
Cool new Centurion lounge by American Express just opened. Check it out. Relaxing, wifi and complimentary everything. Limited access if you don't have Amex high status. So call first.
Purest example of Ahhhh!
Christmas party!  Dancin' singin' Santa pics and all his helpers.  Ho ho ho.
is at #AZIMA tonight.
No longer a Hampton Inn as of August 16th 2013. Now a Joffetel Hotel or something like that.
Scottsdale Area Chamber of Commerce mixer
Wedding Hotel for Krystal & Bryce.
Nice Sports Book!
Go to the. Sports Book to play the ponies!
Great meeting rooms for event & easy driving access to hotel.
We won!
Flamenco group is awesome
I do not recommend running a red light or speeding in this area. Enjoy the great hiking trails here.
Can't beat the military rate!
KA!!! Most expensive production put together in Vegas thus far
Try THEhotel suite. Worth every penny!
If you are into topless. The Beach is $20 without an umbrella or $50 if you're a guy.
Good times! Many good times with picky friends and visitors ;)
Noisy, but accommodating. Good for young travelers. Not families.
Great bed great shower nice take-away  breakfast if you miss free one
Very nice hotel! Everything you need for extended stay is close by.
Here for the Cannonball Run 2011 kickoff party!! United We Drive!!
I got a west facing room when I arrived with the curtains left open and the heat filling the room.  It took five hours to cool. But got a chance to meet helpful and all friendly hotel staff.
Not the jw with the lazy river. I didn't pay enough attention when booking. I heard multiple ppl asking where the lazy river was too.
Venetia is incredibly helpful and friendly. She really goes out of her way to help the guests in any way she can :-)
Vveeggaaassss
Gospel Sunday Brunch
There are a ton of discount codes for an Uber Cab instead of a limo to the Westin. (Cheaper!!) Text me (1-415-720-8500) for a great promo code on your first Uber limo car.
Service is fantastic, everyone always has a smile!  The salsa is amazing!
Frank Lloyd Wright designed
They don't like hiring combat veterans.
$1 michelob anytime.  Buy one get one free with coupon book retrieved at the players club.
Rooms are spacious and quality is good.
Who knew there was a choo choo that runs past here. Nothing like the sound of a train to say luxury
Listen for the 4:10 AM freight train!
Classic traditional hotel and ballrooms with Friendly and professional service. Small enough hotel to make conferences and meetings and events feel intimate and elegant! Great place.
Wow, horrible bartendar... Very unfriendly & inattentive.  Actually kind of mean. I was the one who had to ask for drinks, water, food.  And each time, it was like I was there to serve him.  too bad because the atmosphere is stunning, good food choices, nice hh. Now I understand why bar was empty!!
Poolside cabana club restaurant.  Reheated burger on stale bun $18.  Skip it.
Wine tasting!
Irish Pub!
The MJ Immortal Tour tonight.. and LV Marathon tomorrow!
Wing Bowl 3! Go Mike!
Wazuzu!
I love this pool! :)
Ben Folds at the Pool tonight :)
There real Caesar did not live here.
Now this place is OLD SCHOOL!  Just what I expected and more. This is OLD LAS VEGAS and it shows! When I say old I mean the fossils aka THE CUSTOMERS! I'm surprised AARP is not an official sponsor of The El Cortez.   If you wanna feel what Vegas use to be like this is the place you wanna hang! They even have real money coming out of the machines it's classic... I love a slut (opps) I mean slot machines who gives up coins when you win.     Viva Las Vegas - Thank you very much!
$400 for a bottle of Dom Perignon Champagne WTF!  Stop at ABC store or Tommy's Liqueur for $100 and enjoy it much better!   Donny your FIRED!
If you love the sound of TRAINS in the night waking you up than THE TRUMP HOTEL is the place your wont sleep!  Donny your FIRED!
Play the dragon
BILLY IDOL tonight
Bring $100 dollar Bills!
Rock out with your cock if whenever possible!
KISS because I wanted the best
Never pass out in lobby or else!
Buddy rocked the bar at the pool!!  Great bartender.
Every one here sucks they don't appreciate real women with moneya waste of time
Industrial, hip, and trendy.  Rooms are dorm like, but comfortable although the bed was too firm for me. Not really a family atmosphere more for yuppies and hipsters. Walls are thin and lots of noise from the airport.
Paid 37.00 through Priceline express deals. Hotel is clean, but outdated. For the price I have a room on the top floor and flat screen tv. Staff is friendly.  Hotel is a good value for the price. They have free breakfast too.
Thanksgiving Dinner!
Schools in session!
Schools in session for round#3 !
Love me some Ritz.  Thanks MS.
Wow hot day in Phoenix! Excited to be back in San Francisco tomorrow!!
Blah
Blah
Hot. So hot. And posh. Like Victoria Beckham.
The hotel is on the petite size like the one they have in Marina del ray, CA. However,  its located right in front of d mall n it makes it perfect. .
This resort is beautiful n have so much fun activities i.e: river pool , big slides, etc.
Thumbs up on d penthouse ....beautiful view n just d perfect size for d fam..
One of my fave resorts in AZ w/ an underground parking. The mini version of one of a Vegas hotel...
Oops..this is d correct check in. Chef Beau Macmilan is outstanding ..everything we ordered have been excellent ...no wonder hes hard on TV
Perfectly located next to the mall/stadium/outlet center.
hmm not a ritz more like a motel!
Food and service are good.  Rooms are definitely showing their age though.  This hotel is more about a location, not super nice rooms.
Definitely not comparable to other hotels in the chain.
Decent meeting room space.
Greatttttttt people.
Excellent stay from the start to the end. Will be back!
Love this hotel and we got a free upgrade to a suite for our anniversary
Tower Suites at Wynn! A must stay!
The rooms facing the strip hear the 4th blvd pool party all night no matter how high up you are. Very young crowd and lots to see and do!
Really cool new hotel with lots going on. Bars and restaurants bursting with energy. Book a strip view if you can sleep thru anything!
Good burger at the Trails End Grill!
Hands down my fav spa and resort in AZ! Amazing!!
Cheap seats at the show
Great breakfast and "dinner". Shuttle for radius of 5 miles.
Right across the street is whole foods market and trader Joes. So it's very convenient to get some groceries
Worst place ever!!! Bad cheap food. Runs out of everything bad customer service
benjamin and carly are very horrible people
If you want lazy housekeeping that doesn't speak English, dirty rooms, a place that needs to be completely re modeled, and a dumb GM stay here
Nice hotel. Spacious room, good customer service.
This is a nice place. The rooms big & the location is good. Downside - the free food area is small & you have to wait in line for food.
Amazing service. Great staff. Lovely hotel and the property grounds are beautiful.
Check in took us an hour and a half. Booked the stay for 2 nights but they only had it for 1 and blamed it on groupon. Ridiculous.
Just arrived but the suite is great, lots.of storage and closet space and very spacious.
Most beautiful view
Yard House, 2010?! No waaaayy!
Dolo!
Great Hotel, perfect location, free wifi but no parking.
Great water park for kids
Love the free breakfast in the morning. Especially the waffles. Nice quaint and comfy.
Convenient parking options!
Slow servers!
Coin op laundry on site for guest use.  $1 wash and $1 dry.  The front desk sells 1 load Tide detergent for $1 and 2 sheets of Bounce for $1.  Not bad for that urgent need.
Show up if you love crap food and poor service!  Fun!  Fun!  Fun!
Exploring the roof.
Really beautiful inside the room and outside on the grounds and surrounding part of town!
Cardboard check presenters?!?!
You can walk with your drinks around the holiday festivities
Farmers market festival!
If you ask for non-smoking don't expect it because they have smoking rooms sharing your ventilation/AC so when they're smoking in their rooms it gets into yours!!!!
If I don't make it home you know where to send the search party
Pool day!
I've Hit it Big!!! Cha-ching!
Enjoying a pleasant afternoon talking about the Pacific Rim Economy w/ a glass of brandy.
Swim Social Saturdays $5 @ the door DJ Al Page on the 1's&2's
Work hard and relax harder!!
Great value on the spa day pass
Just sad.
This place is awesome! Southern candied pecans & Apple Tini's in the Lobby today to welcome you.
We'll see the.street view isn't exactly comforting..
Parking is nutz because of the race!
OMG the line to check in, DUMB. Not going to earn many stars this way so far.....
I love Marriott, have always had a good experience!
Over night parking is $17 not $15 like ALL signs say & check in valet . Shame on you trying to get more $ from my mother !
Score - Peter Thomas Roth (PTR) toiletries ! Clean rooms nice eye candy and the rest is history.....
Fashion Focus Hair Show
Hair show ... Feathers and shimmers at sssshmers for hair !! Best feathers at this show !
Chicken Cheese Quesadilla and Chips n Salsa at the pool are good.
Thunder from down under!
Hilton brands have fallen down. Won't book here again.
So far so good.
Great night sleep! Now we are off to the Camelview for a movie.
Date Night!!!
Can you say buffet? I can. :-)
Getting some late food. Wild freakin ride.
Ouch, no free internet, and they want 15/day. This isn't NYC
Complimentary Breakfast OMG
Free happy hour drinks every night at 5:30-7:30 amazing if you are staying a while.
Free breakfast is awesomeeeee
Ian is awesome!
Whole hotel Needs to be cleaned and updated !!
What a cool fun crowd :-)
PartyTime!
Amazing resort...try the grapefruit/basil martini!
Close to downtown Scottsdale...and Yelp!
Beautiful renovation!  Great people!
It's pretty good but needs wifi in rooms!
Easter brunch buffet menu tomorrow.  $24/person
Platinum member status!!!!!
Lovely room here at the Inn.  Huge and extremely quiet.  I can hear the birds outside, and think this would be a great getaway location.  Too bad I am here for work!
Turtle and Tortoise Preservatioon Group annual conference
Day 2: TTPG conference
Staff meeting then happy hour great time
The newly renovated rooms are simply amazing! More pics and full review coming soon.
Never stay on the top floors(C1 & C2) if you want a good nights sleep. The walls are thinner the higher up you go. If you have friends come over you have to whisper.;(
No bacon or sausage in the morning on a weekend! Wtf.
Pull thru the main lobby for check in parking
There's a covered playground by the tennis courts.
North tower is newer.  Get a fountain view!
Ok I think I'm done gambling...
Miz...
Treated like a lower class citizen because of? Definitely not worth your business.
The manager does not actually show up at the manager's reception held every day. IT'S A TRAP!
Allows pets!
They allow pets.
A pool!
Holy shiatsu my room is huge
Older property but recently redone - much nicer inside courtyard and rooms than it looks from the street.  Totally up to Embassy Suites standards.
Awesome, great pool, excellent buffet, nice rooms, and too good a salesperson in watch and jewelry store!  We'll be back!
Good times, fun pool, nice rooms.  One of our favorites!
Stayed here for a short getaway weekend and loved it. They are pet friendly and charge only $20 per pet...they even gave us a 1st floor room right near an exit which was convenient for taking the dogs potty. Amazing cook to order omelets or eggs, with any other item pre cooked and kept warm. Pretty pool very very clean. We missed the free happy hour but from other reviews it sounds good. The staff was very accommodating and friendly!  Our 2 room suite w full kitchen in the middle was nice!
Best part about the stay is the breakfast!! Made how you like it! Wide variety you can get pancakes, French toast! You name it!! Love the stay here
Not of Embassy quality - very poor property.  Old and run down.
As a Diamond member, there is no quality or care in the members that stay in Hilton properties, if just a regular traveler, you should not expect much either.  Find another hotel that cares, might as well go to the motel 6, be about the same thing.  I am considering switching hotel brands if Hilton is OK with this facilty
Ask for a room on the back of the hotel to avoid Thomas Drive street noise!
Nicely surprised. Clean!!!! Friendly, contemporary decor. Would stay again!
Great adult pools separate water park for kids!!
Nice place to stay. Great breakfast included.
The setting and the view are priceless, sadly the food doesn't match up or come close anymore. Dishes were bland and reheated. Save your $$$
Spent a glorious weekend with the boyfriend. Amazing staff, and I will be back.
Finally! It's been years but I'm finally back! Now where is the wave pool and some alcohol.
Drinks at the pool with LB for her birthday.
Spa day with my sister in laws!
A old town hidden gem for lunch!
Not bad. Needs bar....fitness center is small...all else is good
This hotel has everything you could ask for, from amenities to delicious food. I will look for an excuse to have another staycation here.
Came here for drinks and the view is just breathtaking!
Very nice, get on level 60, great view!
Water show up front worth it
Just for slots
Self serve gift shop honor system
Complimentary drinks and treats 5:30-7:30
Banquet
Queen of tarts great
Conforance parking east side
Wow
All rooms are now non-smoking!
7/9/16: Pay for parking went into effect recently. $8 self/ $13 valet.
Free coupons when you sign up for their players club. Used a "Double winnings" coupon on a Black Jack  hand! NICE!
Roller coaster $14/ ride; $7 re-ride; $25 all day wrist band!
The Smashing Pumpkins!!!!!!
Love this place!
It's nice/ great sushi
Viva las vegas!
Poolside!
Great place for pool side yoga.
Wow, great courts and fresh iced water!  Pro shop wasn't open on time but beautiful resort.
Huge rooms and great bathrooms!!!  If you have platinum status the spa is a great perk
New yrs eve in vegas!!!
Frozen grapes at the pool! So perfect. Loves me a stay-cation.
Poolside!!
Free flow with KB!!!
Free flowwwwww yoga
Yoga on the wet deck :) :) :)
Night for Life gala
Poolside yoga benefiting the purple society!
4th of July HotAsana yoga :) :)
Got a great deal from the JDV website. Get a room next to the picante pool if you want to be close to the pool party action.
The VIP lounge is worth it!
Great place to gather and meet some UofM Alumni!
I love the lazy river , but I'd eat somewhere else. Way too pricy and nothing special . Reallyyy
Good for weddings
It's dirty here. Upside the adult only hot tub is nice.
Here!
Gotta be in Phoenix, so this is the place!
Phoenix...and heat.
Best place to stay to escape the strip madness.
Preparing to celebrate soon to be Mr. And Mrs. Blanc
Completely Gorgeous! (Free wifi to boot!)
Sit at bar: Bartenders at the pin up bar is like "Linus" from "How I met Your Mother" anticipating your every need, love the service, I can focus on my gambling hehe!
Beautiful grounds and great service. Wonderful place for a romantic weekend getaway
Lunch by the pool is a must after a visit to the spa. A lovely intimate resort in the heart of Scottsdale.
Small and intimate.  Very nice hotel.  Amazing food.
Awesome
Beautiful property, first-class service and excellent location.
So tranquil. Outside enjoying this beautiful day.
The best hot apple cider with Caramel sauce I have ever had or will have in my lifetime, I am certain.
Old school desert charm, older property with the rat pack vibe.
Massage tables are adjustable and nice
Be prepared to be satisfied!!
Be sure to try their holiday brunch buffets. Delicious and relaxing.
Love how the key just slides across the door to open... Too bad my duvet and sheets looked like they were already used when I checked in
Want to give a shout out to the awesome valet staff here who tracked down 20 passenger hummer limos for our group 2 nights in a row. Thank you, you guys were amazing!
If you get a palazzo/Venetian owned limo asked for Monique she is fabulous!
If you get a palazzo/Venetian owned limo asked for Monique she is fabulous!
If you like video poker sit down at the bar and put in $20. Play max bet $1.25 per hand, that's the rule. You will possibly lose it fast but you can score a top shelf cocktail.
Hilton has terrible customer service via phone, but this hotel is SPECTACULAR for a big Bachelor/Bachelorette weekend.
Be aware that the HRH "all suite tower" is not all suites!
Amazing place!
NLH tourney
Ask for Regency Club access.
I am here for work... Really.
Pool opens 24x7
Live acoustic music tonight!
Pool party!
$1 bowling
Today is our grand opening of garden of the gods!cabanas,day beds!We have a DJ on the weekends!come party with the goddesses ;))
2011 grand opening!Garden of the gods!females & guest free!M-TH locals free!guys $20!DJ rockin F-SUN!come party with us!
Ultra sexy :)) a must while in Vegas! Experience XS!
Beatiful hotel :0)
Lovely!
:-)
Finally! After all the mishaps we're here! Now it feels like we're on vacay. They should have notified us that our room was unavailable considering we booked it 3 weeks in advanced... They tried to make up for it, but you can't take back a day if tranquility.
2-nights is too short of a stay :(
The Sanctuary sent us here b/c their air conditioning isn't working. I'd say it's a compromise.... It's not the same vibe that we were looking for.
I want to get in the pool & hot tub, but the filth factor seems high.
great poolside time...
all suite, non gaming, non smoking and just my style
Niice!!
Anniversary stay-cation!!!
5 hours of sleep and back on the road!
Wish I had more than 10 hours in sin city!!
Once it hits your lips....it's SOOOOO GOOOOD!!!
Midweek hotel room w Mai tais on happy hour! Buckle up!!  It's my farewell to Vic's party :)
Patio fire.
Pub crawl
A special treat to have Phil Guido speaking at our local Unfranchise Business Presentation tonight!!
Cool place to hang out, not necessarily to stay.
Wmpo kick off party whoooohoooo!!!
I love Phx.
Love @BGCMP!
Watch out on event nights. The line of cars on 3rd can get out of control. Like right now.
Bring your pup! Super dog friendly
After sun down head to the front desk & ask about s'mores!  Then proceed to the charming fire pits & enjoy.
Poolside cocktails like the old days in Scottsdale ;)
Beautiful grounds but chair hounds (at the pool). Comfy beds and great location.
Lazy River and ice cold beers.
Sangria at the pool!!!
Met w Mary Ellen.
I've been reminded what good food tastes like. Everything here is better than you think it will be.
I could live here.
Def go for the suite with seating area and huge bathroom with his and her sinks
nice clean hip boutique hotel but as always location location location you cant beat it
Overall pretty good.  Ac seems like it lies about room temp in rooms but rooms are nice.
Hard time deciding? I still prefer JW Marriott's desert ridge over camelback inn resort, but still very very  nice here.. The location is better and closer to everything but the desert ridge pool is awesome
Rooms are decent.. Kinda small.. Patio is great! Twenty6 is great for happy hour
So many kids here..
The pool is fantastic and so is Roy's!
Great for a break from real life
Come for the pool and ocean prime (across the street) if ur a local, rates are cheap n its a great way to break up a monotonous week..
Service is super slow. Especially at the bar.
Nicely re-done motel.  Clean rooms, comfortable beds, good location-what more do you need?
Hanging by the pool...feels great!
Eat at Sangria's
Canelo v Mayweather!!!!
Happy New Year!!!
Sweet pool, but alittle small
Having the brunch buffet right now.   Jesus. Skip it please.
Here's a tip for ya! Tipping is not a city in China, so be sure and tip your Bellman and Valet ya filthy animals.
Hotel nice. Staff good. Food eh.
Here's a tip, replace Dal Toro that place is just horrible!
Towels tend to be slightly stained... I found a rubber "object" under the bed used by the previous tenant for obvious odious purposes. Its clean enough for me, but i was not expecting the Ritz. Don't let them charge you more than 59 a night.. No matter the new facade or new name its still a run down days inn that is perpetually " under construction"
$16 vodka red bulls. I'm outa here
So what I'm still a rock star.....
I'm here for the food / DD.. Couldnt do Denny's... Watching people gamble is way less stressful than gambling myself... Good fortune to all!
Waiting to watch Divas Las Vegas.
Peach Schnapps, rum and hot apple cider by the fireplace. Damn that's good!
Haha. It's a Monday night. And it's wall to wall at Marquee. Nice.
Throw your F$?!&@ hands up! If there is a better club on the strip than the Marquee... I need to know.
Nicely appointed hotel. Friendly staff. Convenient to local highways and fresh baked cookies at the front desk. Nice!
Traffic class is ruff . But lucky I am .. My wife is with me
Lil bit before we drive back to PHX.
Favorite hotel to stay at in Vegas!
couple? sure! Young kids? pass...
Very comfy beds, shuttle service to the airport and friendly staff, worth the stay.
Nastiest, smokiest casino in Vegas, two thumbs down!!
Meetings
Fun local spot with cheap drinks and indoor duck pin bowling.
Great poker room on a Saturday night, crowded room with lots of action.
Free wine giveaway
Best free stuff for locals
Best local giveaways
Best place to bring kids. Attentive staff. Great food. Fabulous pools and a big slide!!! We love family staycations
Seems ok. It's been a few years but is nicely maintained.
Disappointing for a JW
Looks just like an Embassy Suites!
This is a freaking joke, right? I'll find other places to go and other places to spend my money and time. Good luck chief
Make the hostess look you in the eye.
No firearms allowed
Pool bar
Bring sunblock.
If you are ok with sweet, the pork shank is delicious. The sweet potato gnocchi and fig reduction are well-paired accompaniments.
Try the braised short rib with horseradish mashed potatoes!
Great food. Spent day at pools. Squeezed in a party of 16 with 20 minutes notice.
Save your money, go somewhere else
The absolute WORST room service food I've ever had! Ordered med rare flat iron steak that supposed to come with salsa verde and got a med well sirloin with A-1 sauce instead of salsa verde! Gross!
Disappointing experience. Both soups were bland. Beef veggie was very spicy but lacking in layers of flavor. At nearly eight dollars for a cup sized portion, I sent it back. The 5 cheese and macaroni was also very bland, and the sausage was flavorless and almost nauseating.Pulled pork sandwich was flavorful. Staff was courteous. Thankfully, my mother's order of seared Ahi tuna tostadas with black beans was DELICIOUS!
Gilberto is the best waiter! And go for the scallops!!!!
Try the shrimp tacos!!!
Golf with client
Internet connection is based on device NOT room. Can get expensive with a family
Nice resort but poor cell reception for me and co-workers
Nice golf course .. A little slow but greens were in pretty good shape love the views :)
When you win it's nice! Sucks when you loose lol
They do not match pricing posted on 3rd party sites.  Check the golfnow.com for best pricing before booking.
Always get the"funbook" & $50 promotional cash to play, bonus win coupons every 30 days...stretch your dollar here for sure!
FREE: Washer/dryer, DVD player, Internet, shuttle ser, DVD rental, 6~Xboxs, 1~Wii, billards, business center, table hockey, bingo  much more
Hot damn @ Hard Rock
Very loud pool party...all day and night apparently.
The gym is AOK, feels less creepy than 24 in Chandler, and rooms are quite lovely.
Single Malt enthusiasts, go to the Scotch Library, more than 200 selections. Thanks to JD, I enjoyed a Balvenie 50!
Be sure to peruse the activities schedule you receive at check-in. We enjoyed stargazing nights poolside during one stay. Do everything or nothing!
Living Large with my Mililani Town peeps. All about Rush Tower, Hideout Pool & Patron....
Lol...won't let me check in and I'm geeking out. My friends are lookin at me funny.
Will not let me check in to Vic & Anthony's from inside the restaurant or Hotel. Boooo.
Mission: not to get too tipsy @ Hidden Pool before Hugo's
Left my friggin phone @ hotel when we went to Hugo's :((( but it was bombbbb. What to do?!
Drinks & discussing Hare & Psychopath Checklist: Grotto bar is a good spot for this!
Good place to park when you are Downtown (safeish & they validate)
Dim sum
Getting ready for the wedding w my Glam Crew. It takes a village. Then off to Rhodes Ranch!
Pool! Post wedding shenanigans then off to Nelson's Goyemon UYE with an epic hangover. My first in years.
Love Oyster Bar & SC Prime (private dining room w amazing views) Casino is very smoky. Pool is usually quiet, I miss the mid week parties
Pool parties Saturday nights @ 730 with Country theme. Live music. NO COVER! Drink specials :)
Great Social Register Speed Networking Event this AM. Kendall is such a super facilitator!
Pit stop before Spring Mountain Ranch Astronomy Club Party. Because I'm not a geek at all.
Required a $100 CASH deposit for locals? Was in a hurry and had cash but, odd. Clean, nice bed but confusion with shuttle was annoying & almost caused me to miss charter bus to event waiting for cab. Full review to follow
Obviously not eating or drinking as my face is still half numb
Last meeting of day. Events to plan! Love that it is with my friend so Pilates gear is ok...
Wow, catering here has improved. Tasting...choosing. Then I must run, literally 3 miles. Boooo
The Private Pool has a great array of food, very mellow vibe, and 0 douchemeter rating. I will however, be in big trouble after five days of "signing to the room"
Will order what you want from the Peppermill if the crazy extensive Room Service menu isn't ok. Seriously, amazing guest service. Could live here
The duplexes are insanely appointed. I still can't figure out the remotes. A massage room IN our suite: haha, not a talk thread..,.
Still full from Sterling Brunch; did some walking & shopping. Want to try the Tony T rec'd Exotic Crepe @ JP Patisserie w my Aloha buds. Maybe a drink, too
They put a plastic sheet directly under the bedsheet over mattress: umm, first time ever I had to call housekeeping and say, "we were both potty trained as toddlers, please don't put the creepy sheet on when you make up the room." #whomadethisnecessary #wedontpeeinbed
My 84 year old FIL is continuously hit on by tweakers here. I'm not a gambler, but we stay at times as he likes to indulge in the slots and gets lots of comps. The clientele late night is scurry.
If you make a "Green Choice" (declining housekeeping) by hanging card on door, you get voucher for $5 F & B credit OR 250 SPG points nightly.
Yelp Helpin @ AFAN Black & White Party
Fantastic food, decent prices, amazing patio!
will NEVER be back! One thing after another and water park wasn't worth it. Going back to the Arizona grand!
When I says 1 star... It means it
Tan lines ;)
Daily Social Hour 5 to 6:30pm w/2 free drinks (beer or wine) & light snacks
The band, Roxy Gunn Project is pretty awesome & plays a great mixture of songs.
Roxy Gunn Project every Friday & Saturday in April, from 9pm to 1am.
Shelley is amazing & definitely hooked it up with the courtesy upgrade to a Lux Suite! She was way more helpful than the initial guy that checked me in. She is extremely courteous & knows what customer service is all about.
Great place to stay for families, had read some of the reviews before booking for our stay on Aug 12-15, there were some conceived peoples who was asking for ridiculous stuff just to be mean. The staff, the rooms, locations, housekeeping, and pool plus breakfast was very nice. The only complaint I would have would be the shower rod was very strange. And for the parking in back need a better walkways because the grass get wet and you cant he from car without get shoes wet. But love the stay here.
Great staff, good breakfast and happy hour
Check in line of over 8 parties at 6:00 in the morning. You would think they would have more than two people working the front desk for such a busy hotel. Tsk!
Meeting with Michael Regan of the I.T. Workshop.
Buffet is excellent!  Food is very good and good service. Clean as could be.....
Clean restrooms with a shelf for your drink!
$12 electronic no limit poker tournament every day at 2pm. Fun!
Absolutely lovely! Must stay here soon. *update 3 days later* Cancelled my LVH reservations for this weekend to stay here. Can't wait!
Loving this place so far. Clean & friendly & lots of fun.
No bible in the room! That's a first!
HOTELS TONIGHT App... Book through there or travel sites if you can for cheaper rate...Or call to ask for specials.
Get to breakfast early if you have a large group to save a table
My tip is simple look for friendly dealer if you can find one... Most their dealers have terrible personalities. Have fun and good luck!
If you want a trashy place come here but I did get a profit of $100 & waiting to cash out.
One of my favorites!!!!
My favorite Vegas hotel!
Mediocre don't see what the fuss is all about the Price is not worth it.
We checked out as soon as we saw our room.
WSU Arizona Alumni golf tournament!
The first of many THIRD THURSDAYS!
Girls night getaway..... Bliss.
Sam Adams brewmaster dinner at Elements.
No communication between staff and management. Horrible customer service.
Nice facility for large seminars.
Yea! We made it!
If you are staying in a room, don't forget to get all your belongs! Housekeeping is supposed to take any left items to security but NO they take your property home!
Hammer
Love this place ! Staff super nice. The therapist very talented.  I feel very lucky!
Arrive at open for shade to park your car and shade once inside.
Stay away from the plastic lounge chairs. They will have your butt numb and back killing you in under 20 minutes. Grab the lounge chair with the rubber strips.
Purchase souvenir cups for $2 refills the rest of the summer.
Love coming here for a quick getaway with my husband ;)...
Here for a conference and with the cards training camp being in town they are not too organized for these other events.
I love this place.
Checkout The Hole on Wall Smoke House BBQ
Free lobby wifi
Very comfortable rooms.  Privacy is guaranteed.  Sweet staff and very helpful too.
BED BUGS we didnt find out til we left and paid 300+ for extermintr u pay 200+per night and it isnt worth it ive been to luxury hotels this doesnt come close. Food was nasty guest services are rude disrespectful.they charge 15$ for soda that costs 50?dirty dustyCharge for wifi no cable asked why they didnt have a mirowave there answer we promote eating from there kitchen not outside food charged dbl for movies you order it downstairs so u have to order seperate for upstairs 30+$ charge
Poolside!
Poolside after a loooooong day!
Poolside!
Staycation??
Poolside!!!
take a room not facing the main street due to traffic noise
Coke only .75$
The lazy river is awesome!
Jets suck!
Kid & adult friendly. Thumbs up.
This is a very pretty area.... The rate was perfect for an impromptu stay.
This is a stylish, quirky hotel. The room was comfortable.
The room is really nice....the king bed was comfy....off to golf now
This place is the same as my apt complex. It is a apt complex converted into a 'resort'....ha!  This is a loose description of it.
Traffic school :(
Conference
Budds starting thier day @ view bar..
Vry vry grand ...
Fun place. Just avoid on holidays. It gets insanely busy with waiting lines for drinks and tables and slot machines
Yummy
Boooooo!!!!
Cute Christmas tree light/light show that starts at 6p. Fun to sit outside by the fire-pit, sip on a drink, and gaze into the lights!
Al is the bomb!! Yes I just said bomb.  ......
Party time!
parker/vegas chiroractic show
Love to see a show here and love to play a show here too!
Aztec Oasis!
Attending the 2012 Faculty Club Summit for Spear :-)
Great night to sit on the patio
My home for the next several days
Burning dinero fast!
Free food and stay. Why not?
Cheap gambling time
Win win win baby! It's never too late to pick up the dough!
About to catch an express wedding!! Craziness
Doing the tourist thing
Ready to party!
Bachelor Party time baby!
Feeling like a whore....waking up at a different hotel, a dirty add bed, with 50 $1 bills in my pocket
5 days of class...here we go!! Coffee Coffee Coffee!!
Workshop
Class is in session...another long day. Sigh!!
Last day of class. Woohoo!!!
Brunch time!!!
Partying at a Vdara penthouse...thank you awesome rich god parents
Good Night World...for now!!
Hi and bye!
Pre-party time
Let's go!!
time for some cheap downtown gambling...
Booty calls and I answer.
Scorpion Bowl served with three 2-foot straws!!  Yeee-haw!
Do not stay here unless you want to be disgusting beyond belief. Staff was inattentive, we waited for hours to get our room. There was an incoherent man drunk beyond belief , disrupting families at breakfast, swearing loudly, stealing people's condiments off of their tables!   Throughout an entire day, he wandered around the property. Staff did nothing and the man continued to drink on site for hours until the cops were called by a fellow customer. Horrible experience.
Fancy
Pushpin is not correct location. Address is correct but pin is not on that address.
Ask for a room away from elevator bc it's freaking noisy!
AT&T 3G network here is pretty weak and spotty.
Agreed with the other reviews...could use a good cleaning...
All I can say is, nice!
Just arrived! Nice!
Go see David at the bar! He's really friendly.
Only ate here because of art conference. Never again.
Ask for an even numbered room... These are the ones with a view of the golf course instead of the parking lot!
Great place to stay. Staff is always friendly and treat you like family.
Nice rooms, Friendly staff and delicious breakfast,  will return again :)
Here for the Top Gun Seminar.
Here for The BREW networking group.
Our BREW meeting. Great meeting with lots of guests.
Brew group mtg.
Meeting with the BREW group. Great meeting.
Here for a short seminar. Once we get in that is. Lol. Long line to see Braco
Wow
Flow into some good energy!
Starting off the week right with some poolside yoga!
Perfect night for some poolside roof top yoga!
Hottest dealers in LAS
Late night steak and eggs
Free yoga then happy hour
The management is great here
Ask for a large room facing the duck pond. Booyah..... kids r occupied........completely
Surprised to see people smoking in the pool area.
Absolutely beautiful and serene. The ladies locker room is fully equipped with everything you could possibly need and the pounds area is warm and inviting. More later about the massage services.
Great for families!
Beautiful Hotel in the heart if the Royal Mile.  So much to do within walking distance.  Love this place!
Television City is pretty legit.
The pool is MASSIVE.
Books fast, great shopping. There's an Apple Store in the forum shops!
Ahhhhhhhhh ......
Very nice hotel.  Very spread out..
If pigging out at casino buffets is wrong, I don't wanna be right
Superb location a couple of blocks from all the Scottsdale action. Was really quiet even on a Saturday night. Full kitchen and super clean and nicely updated!
Pool is soooo cold! Brrrrrr
Mimosa's.
Then our room was dirty upon arrival at the door.  Serious lack of concern from customer relations rep about our situation.  Not good!
Practice.
:)
Be happy!! Have fun and make new friends!!
Make sure you check on Hotels.com for the best rates!!
It's ok to be jealous. We are rocking the JW Griffin Club too!
Floating the Lazy River with a margarita is fabulous!!
Panda fashion with Rowlands!
Took forever for hot water in shower
Timeshare resort so LOTS of kids in pool. Long walks from room to parking or pool.
Came to visit friends stayed for a few drinks ok other than the typical tourist rates for booze it was fun.
Old outdated casino and hotel rooms.
Love the tunes and food at STK!
FANTASTIC PLACE TO STAY. Clean rooms, comfortable beds, free WiFi, and supper friendly staff.
The best Vegas has to offer!
Mission impossible ghost protocol
With LJ and LA dancing the night away
Craziness out front! Lol I dont remember this kinda crazy ..
Latin food and music festival with Ms. Juarez !
Haha there are oompa loompas running around
Halloween mixer
Super packed tonight! Valet and self-parking is full! Save yourself that time of sitting in traffic and take a cab!
White party @ breathe pool
Customer service at hotel is amazing! We couldn't park out front at check in due to an ambulance pulling in (totally valid reason) and we came back to our room with a basket for the inconvenience. Awesome staff!
Tour de Scottsdale. Start line.
Criterium at DC Ranch
Pool and gym open 24hours!
Free shuttle departs on the hour n every half hour to and from the airport. Taking ours outta here @6:30. They help you load your bags, nice.
Shuttle pick up from the airport is on the island just ahead the taxi lineup.
The essentials kit: ask for it at the front desk. Apparently it's all you'll ever need in life.
Such a seedy motel, they've got a 24/7 porn channel, first thing I saw (n kept watching) when I turned on TV. haha but yea, was afraid to walk around without socks. Yuck. And I tossed that comforter aside!!
Decent room, big bathtub.... Worst customer service by phone. They hung up on us n put us on hold for over 20 min. And wow, NOOO hot water during heavy checkout time!! What?! Be sure to get some money back for that crap.
Nice facility near PHX.  Catering service could be better
Attending a Xango business event with Carolyn Johnson and a few guests.
Come when the sun sets and listen to live soothing lounge music.
Gorgeous. Amazing food. Awesome view. Pool. Free WiFi. What else do you need for a perfect week d?
Simply amazing.
Nice enough comp room for being bumped off our flight to San Antonio- however, down comforters and granite counters but no wi fi? Ahhhhh!
Very nice courteous staff. There is also lemon water available in the lobby. With the summer heat it goes down great. Gulp! Gulp! Gulp!
Nice place but no free WiFi!
Trust me and read all the reviews. All the bad ones are ABSOLUTELY true. Take some time and find somewhere else to stay or you will regret it. Hilton corp needs to clean house here because the main problem is the management.
Ahh, the Presidential Suite Is quite sweet
Nice and quiet
Great place to stay. Very clean and well decorated.
My favorite Vegas hotel
My favorite spot to sleep in Vegas
Free parking!
According to their highway sign, the property is pet friendly, has free wi-fi and no "resort fee."
Room 425 is funky L-shaped but cool room with loveseat, mini bar, king bed, desk with a large bathroom. I love it!
Good food. Plenty to do.  Lots of options and great paring.
Very clean room, reasonable price, front desk is very kind I will stay here again
Nice place. Pool is relaxing, nice fire pit. Sort of crappy location though!
The place is itself is solid, however the lights by the pool at night are extremely obnoxious. It is very peaceful to sit out by the pool at night, however the lights make me feel like I'm at a rave. It rotate from blue to green to red to pink! So annoying. Wake up, Hyatt!!
Cucumber water in the lobby, a great way to cool off
They did a great job taking care of us. We wanted for nothing. Everything was great. There are a bunch of great restaurants and things to do near the ASU Campus. They have no problem shuttling you up there.  I will definitely stay here again while I'm in Phoenix.  Great job Courtyard!
Restaurant open til 10; alcohol sold in the market til 2AM
Stay away from here the management is bad they don't care about customers POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!!!
Check out the hidden fireplaces to the north of the pool
Nice coffee bar in lobby
My family and I had no choice but to stay here at this motel 6 location because all of the other hotels were booked. Worse choice our  family could have made! First off we requested a non smoking room and that's what we got I had a headache the whole weekend. Secondly there were cigaret burns all over the room including the the T.V. Lastly they have an infestation  of fleas I woke up with several bites. Word of advice never stay here the overall service and vibe of this hotel is sketchy.
They should offer milk with these cookies.
A little cash spin to get the nite goin
Steak and eggs yummy
Steak n eggs 3.99 can't be beat!!
Love it, relaxing, big rooms, really nice place!
Having a drink, listening to the waterfall.
Getting Starbucks before the Scrapbooking Convention... I can find them anywhere!
Really nice rooms!
XS is still my favorite club
First class service!
Xs takes Vegas clubbing to another level
Free self serve coffee and drinks!
You have to have the filet!
Breakfast in the Executive Lounge!
Home sweet home! Think some room service is in order...
Next week will be two months I've been living at the Hilton while they've been working on my house!
Dental gala
Vacay with my boooo
Free valet parking
2012 Bartender's Bourbon battle!!!  If you're not here, you're thirsty!!
Gypsy Kings.......
Going to see Gayla and Wolf Creek tonight. 7-9pm free to public @ the arena.
Food truck frenzy! Gayla & wolf creek performing.
About to get my bingo on!
Champagne Brunch with the hubby
Chef Michael Psilakis Chef Demo!
Seems like a decent property for the $$. Book it on Priceline and save though.
Fresh baked cookie at check-in
Not bad place to get away from it all. Outdoor mall next door, casino, food, pool and bar. I'd come back.
Our sheets were dirty with a hard substance so gross
When in the lobby and coming in from the outside, take a big whiff. Smell that? No? Feel better? Yes? Welcome to the Venetian.
The infamous "light" that beams into the night sky reportedly cost 1 million each month to maintain. Global footprint anyone?
To prospective hotel'ers .... stay here for the location. Not for the resort.
Purple Reign performs Thursday-Sunday!
A new hotel bar hang!!!
Bar next to Sports Book pours better drinks.
The new home of the Jersey Boys!
Boyz II Men... Don't miss 'em!!!
They serve breakfast!
Come visit the Yelp booth at the Classic Gaming Expo! Day passes are available. Kids free.
Checking in to our hotel!
ghetto enclave
gambling with the boyfriend.
time for a Powernap!!!
hotel switch....
For $50 per night.. it exceeds my expectation... huge room.. microwave, 2 tvs, a couch...2 sinks...fridge.
shooting lots and Lots of tequila....
Get the double queen over the king with sofa sleeper. It's the better of the two.
Yes yes y'all.
Luxiurious penthouse living up here on the top floor.  I gotta nice villa and a sweet view. Get on my level. J/K
Breakfast hours 0700-1030 on Saturday and Sunday
'W' at
Meh.  Dated decor but a great location.  Continental breakfast only.
Room 122 was adjacent to the boiler. Bring earplugs!
There is a deposit for cribs.
Free valet parking.
Free WiFi.
Free WiFi.
Great location on the strip. Good value.
The monorail station is inside of hotel, great for getting up and down strip if you dont have a car.
LVH gives you $8 food and beverage voucher when you opt out of housekeeping service.
Complimentary Coffee and water, great pool and lazy river
No resort fee, but they do a $100/day Crdit hold.
Great customer service from all staff. Slightly off the Freemont Experience and but I like that.
Such old school Vegas charm. I love it!
In the winter months the wine reception (5-6 pm) also includes hot toddies!
Sandy beach pool?  YES
It seems Friday afternoons you have the pool to yourself.
Ahh. Looking forward to my mud rap
Master ShA is speaking tonight - really great
They do not have MTV!
Now considered Old School!
Nice pool!
Amazing rooms, with sunken living area... Huge!
Relax in a suite with a full kitchen.
Gorgeous lobby, room is kinda small
Shitty Wifi!
Metro by the back door on Grant
Need HD tv!
In-room AC doesnt cool very well, go figure...
Love this place.
Need a ride?.... Download the Uber app and use promo code: 9102ni for $20 off your first trip. Ride first, Thank me later
You can come here & pretend you're in Venice!
Great place to stay, awesome view of the golf course!
One of the best places to stay in Scottsdale!  First class accommodations, superb customer service!
Best pedi in town!!!
Price is right for this local hotel, very clean, valet is quick!
A very nice location easy access to Miracle Mile Shops,  NOTE:  Entrance on Harmon.
Buffet and entrance is nice. Well actually the buffet is so-so. Consequence of eating here is the reward of muffin top.
Soo nice inside. Feels authentically French
Damn far from everything. Good if ya wanna lose some fatz
Quiet, secure gated, 24 hour valet/concierge service. A respite for those that have to visit Vegas on business.
Last night!
Here for Hash House A Go Go! Live celebrity impersonator entertainment downstairs while waiting for your table. My favorite is MC Hammer doing "Can't Touch This." Running Man!!
this weekend's home. End of the strip!
checked out today! Walked the strip and now chillin at the Sports Bar with the big ass screens showing sporting events, scores, stats, etc. until our flights later!
Coming back here to watch Celine Dion with my mom!
the best after hours place to grub, etc,
Home for the weekend!!
Naptime
Only a few more hours here
The curtains operate automatically and open as soon as you walk into the room. Press the "Goodnight" button near the bed and curtains close
flip-flops in our purses. We're ready
Tao
Busy!
Hit me up if ur in Vegas
Vegas!!!
Great locals spot!!
Wow! This place sucks!!
OK, the place is reallt old and the line is crazy long to check in but they did bring us a cold bottle of water for everyone waiting in line
OK this pla e is old but the service is really good and the remodel is really nice.
My "home" until Thursday.
Auntie Adrienne in the hizzay!
Hotel bar is all about the Three Olives.
The pool is definitely a party spot
Handling some #WCphx stuff
Pet friendly and affordable. Nice rooms too!
Great hotel. Excellent bed, clean, large showers within walking distance of everything
Clean and friendly.  The rooms are worn out.  And the ac is not working at all.
Fast simple check in - take the golf cart to the casitas - walk is awkward through pool area with luggage
The worst valet svc in america !!  They went through all my stuff. They threw papers around and security could do nothing.
Great place.
Taekwondo competition!!  Wish me luck!
Cirque!!
Tv in bathroom mirror, enough said!
Penny slots
Great location - right off the freeway, near shops, grocery, and restaurants!
Pretty thin walls. If you have a suit, close the bedroom doors for some peace n quiet.
If you stay in the winter, bring a blanket! Sheets/comforters are thin & the heaters seem to only know how to turn off or blow cold air. Brr
Extemely courteous staff! Very nice so far!  :-)
Cool hotel, good location. I'd stay here again for sure.
Its a secret
booyah!!!
Watching the fireworks from our window!
Nice digs Don.
Hello vegas.
Parking sucks!
Thru the lounge.
50% off at San Gennaro Grille every Thursday.
At the weigh-in Pacquiao/Marquez 3
Post Mid-Year T-Giving.
Use valet. Big tippers get a VIP spot close-by.
Advanced screening.
The Forum Shoppes open @ 10am
security guards can be asses.
check cashing! 1000 points! -___-
Temporary HB Headquarters. Vdara Swag District.
Vay-Gusss!!!
Very pretty but be prepared for all the kids. VERY family friendly resort.
Very nice hotel, great place for business travelers!
Nice rooms, easy access to freeway & a bunch of restaurants within walking distance.
Great restaurant, yummy food and nice service.
Forgot to make hotel reservations for this business trip. Lucked out!!! LOVE this hotel/resort!!! Beautiful rooms w/ lots of amenities....
Mod, sleek & affordable hotel! Great alternative!!! Wish they were in more places :(
Talk about your hidden gem! I can almost channel Bing and Frank!
Oxtail soup time!
We're the three best friends that anybody could have, we're the three best friends that anybody could have....@Paulo @JR
And to all a good night!!!
Waiting for friends to get this party started!
Terry Fator show for the wifey. :)
Gon watch Nathan Burton.
Buffet time.
Came to see the theme of season.  Shawna was right.  Very impressive.
This hotel is amazing!!!!!
@ lounge watching the games.
Out this mother.
Comfy beds, nice hot tub
This is the worst Marriott property I have ever stayed at by a wide margin.
Home of AutoCon 2012, the auto industry's leading conference and expo for improving dealer effectiveness. http://AutoCon2012.com
Great Hotel Resort and Casino. Here for http://AutoCon2012.com.
Be sure to register for the AutoConnections 2013 Conference and Expo at http://AutoCon2013.com #AutoCon
Wonderful boutique hotel, centrally located, and helpful staff!
I feel like lady gaga!
Beautiful place. Great rooms and lobby.
Rooms don't have coffee makers but the front desk will send one up if you ask :)
Good luck getting cell phone or Internet service at this place.
Great grill and bar in the lobby. Business suite with sunrise view is ideal.
Family Vegas trip!  Gambling and good hawaiian food.
Vegas with Nisei Week Hospitality!
Yay!!  Afterparty!!!
One last night in vegas... Love the variety and quality of the restaurants here.
Vegas!  Amazing comped suite.  Love this place.
Vegas!!!  First time staying at the cosmo...
Last minute Vegas!!!   Bellagio view.
Somehow ended up here on a Monday...  Love this city. :)
Time to refuel
Terrible steak and eggs for $4.99!!!
Such elaborate decor
Gettin down to business
OG casino
Ballllllin!
Time share style rooms. Full kitchen and huge bath tub!
:)
Time to party! :)
Smells like vanilla!
Really nice rooms!
Having a tiki bowl and preparing for a swim
The breakfast parfait is the stuff of dreams. Valley Ho dreams.
Tournament of kings.
Checking in...
Time to hit the sheets...
The a/c in the rooms are loud enough to wake me up every 30 minutes...and I'm a deep sleeper.
Beautiful grounds and friendly service.
This is officially my fav resort in Scottsdale. Oh and their restaurant Deseo is a James Beard award winner.
Quiet, comfortable beds, friendly staff and good eats. Makes biz travel so much easier!
Gotta love a complimentary upgrade and room on the 53rd floor!
Awesome pool with a waterslide through a shark tank!
One of the best pools ever
Well surpassed my expectations! Just got upgraded to a top floor suite with great view and jacuzzi tub!
See mystic falls
Cheap
Check out the flower sculpture at
$5 credit if you forgo housekeeping
Worried about staying here after reading some reviews...
Norm MacDonald! Comedy show for my birthday!
Beautiful conservatory
Wave pool and lazy river
Hounded by time share scams
See the volcano show
The dealers are also karaoke impersonators
Woo! Birthday weekend!
The Bodies exhibit
Best looking employees so far
Grimaldi's pizza
Confusing interior..you're gonna get lost
Full Scottish breakfast
Too hot of room. thermostat broken
Part of the Hilton Double Tree chain of hotels. Get a free cookie and free WiFi!
Wicked Spoon buffet!
Bloc Party and Santigold!
Death Cab For Cutie! So excited!
2100 sq ft suite is baller status...
They offer 30% off hotel rates for CA residents...
Thanks M&M for the comp!!!
Bring your own pillows!
July staycation at the pool
@ Poolside!!
Called today to book a room for the end of March. They do not offer a Arizona state employee discount anymore! Not okay with this!
Oh yes! Hanging out with all the Moks and Titas! Lol
Congratulations Marc and Venice!!!
I love this place
They need a few more people to expedite the check-in.
About to get it crackin!
i apologize in advance for drunken text messages all weekend
Finally!!!
Vegas has us now...lol
Why does hotel TV suck so much?
Review time!!
The service at this hotel was incredible. I would stay here again just for that.
Love it!
Drinks with the peeps!
JCK!
JCK!
23rd floor baby!
Killer view!
picking up bobby gonzalez
Lunch
Has one of the few wells fargo atm located outside by the carnival bar
Love the wheel of fortune game here.....its different I swear
Some strawberry mojitos and live music in the Living Room to start this night off right.
All suite hotel.
Try the breakfast. Pricey but good!
Beautiful waterfalls
Classic beauty
Winning, finally!
Modern beautified
Home for the weekend
Home sweet home
Why no Christmas decorations?  Bah Humbug?
Couples massage
Yes Sams town
Low ceilings huge place
No bad if you are comped
Yes
About to eat
I used to hate this place
She giveth and she taketh away!
311
I got a feeling
Murph
Love the smell of this joint
Was gonna play here...
.....
First time staying here thanks b's!!!!
To bed.... G night fuckers.
Ahhhhhhhh I love it here ...
I love it here
Nice rooms
Wtf happened...
The rooms here are amazing . Try turning on the bathtubs and letting them over flow into the shower....
Hi moe get some sleep
Bye we love it here
Seriously the bathrooms here are the bomb
Waitin for the keys!
Serious the showers on the king rooms are amazing
Dice!!!
Love this place! thanks for the big win I'm about to have!
Love this buffet
Birthday!!!!
Seriously this place is bomb.com
Seriously I am about to win a whole bunch of money...
Not bad for a ghetto hotel/motel
First time stayin here let's see
Back for the evening
Staying in the remodeled tower (Mari gras) not bad!
Arrived!
Oof! Casey made us come here
Pickin up o tickets with tai's
Wanna check out sugar factory...
Here for the night
Back!
Every day we shufflin'
311 days beyatch
It's so green
Just passin thru
Pickin up Casey
Love this joint
One last chance to win it all!
Here for the nick minaj concert!
So excited for our first visit!
Looking for breakfast grand Lux cafe is all they got really...
Stayin in an awesome terrace room
Awesome front view of the polo towers! Haha
Goodbye the best bed in all of Vegas!
My favorite :)
Most comfortable beds on the strip
Back for the night
Love this place as a way home treat! Buffet and gambling
Mmm love this joint
Last pit stop on our way back
Whoa mind explosion! This place rules so far. Checking in early with birthday boy!
On to the next one. This place was beautiful!
Whoa we gonna win monies
Two art o mats! Jizz!!
Yup
24 vegetable fried rice
Dirty south is performing at marquee yeah
Make sure to visit the wicked spoon!
Slow check in
I am always lost here
Test
Steph's Wedding!!
Hanging with Jesses coworkers. Sort of. I'm gambling
Partying up for Fredo's Bday, first time here
At Pure Aloha again
Pure aloha! Get some smoke meat and ahi poke..oh yes
Foodie festival
Meetings all week
Getting nuts with Nelcar
Gonna watch Lion King with my monkey Jesse!
Get my merry Bday on with the fams
Football bets are in
I love football season
Time to play some money
Here for the late games
Back again
Thank u under on the Ohio game!
I live here
I'm back
Last football bet for this season
Takumi is in town
Back to playing tourist
Here to watch amateur cage fighting. Rooting on one of our instructors from boxing!
Best sports book
Nas and Damien Marley
Love hard rock pool concerts!
What a $hithole...
Front desk isn't even there and already 5:00...wake uuuuup!
Flight cancelled and stuck for the night...who else is stranded!?
03:00am check out...yes please!
Oh la la... Get me out of here. Not even close to the real thing
Yes, I can actually say that I care a lot for the chicken.
And it's on.
Merry Christmas!
Swimming and going down water-slide!
RAREaffair!
Darn spa. Closed today. :/
Quick shuttle to the mall
Why is there no separate business listing for The Chuck Wagon restaurant? As soon as I get home I will post it and do a review. Looks like the food specials are the only thing worth coming here.
If you're claustrophobic, I don't recommend you going here. Bathroom is nice though.
25 cent wings!
Umm.....I'm just here for the chicken breasts......I meant...... chicken wings.
Check out is 11 am. They will literally kick you out if you are still there!
If you want a headache or a messed up back, ride the coaster! It's like riding an old beat up station wagon with no shocks going up and down unpaved hills full of gravel and potholes! What fun for only 14 bucks!
Park at the Ballys parking structure off of Flamingo to get to Paris. Both casinos share the same parking structure and you don't have to deal with the traffic and pedestrians on LV Blvd.
I won free tickets to two shows from answering a trivia question correctly over the phone as a result of listening to a radio promo. Went to go pick up the "Free Tickets" only to find out that there is a 5 dollar service charge for each ticket. What a scam.
I wonder how rotisseried Flamingo tastes like? Fish?
Hoobastank!
Only good thing about this place is the $3.99 Steak n Eggs with player card at the Sourdough Cafe.
Steak n Eggs are now 4.49 with player card. Service is hit or miss.
If you see prostitutes arguing or fighting in the parking lot, please record it so we can watch it later either on here, facebook, instagram, or youtube.
Stand either to the left or right side of the volcano. If you choose to stand in the middle at the very front, be prepared to feel the heat from the flames.
Worst ventilation ever! Be prepared to smell like an ashtray when you leave this place!
Free lung cancer!
Bye Trump!
7-11 baby !!
LOTR slots. Nerd heaven!!
This is home for the next 2days! Gonna show Ashton the pirate show?
And we're spent
If your coming on a vacation stay away from here until Thursday, nerd freaking central.  Sorry
Yep.still here
Yep still here
Dinner with Ron & Gail Ledesma
Celebrating our 35th wedding anniversary.  Got a good groupon deal. Looking forward to dinner, the spa, and then......
Able to ck out @ 2 pm cause Inday belongs to Presidents Club.
Come here for cheap craps and $1 margaritas!
Getting through the Venezia Tower is like a maze... leave a breadcrumb trail. Jk. Maybe.
Get your shots.  This place looks like it has bed bugs.
The last stop in our BoB tour! And no, no more gambling.
Food done, blackjack next!
No signs to the parking area...ugh!
Casino to casino : 12 and a half feet.
Awesome suite room, wonderful view from floor 52!
Spsd 2 b THE hot spot in sin city now...lets c
Interesting. Smokey. Free drinks.
Pool side, enjoying the AZ sun with Ms. Nichole.. happy birthday babe :)
I'm sleeping in the side of a mountain.
Nice gym and spa. Access for hotel guest is $20
Opens at 6am but it gets crowded really quickly and it probably full by 6:30am
From the highway exit, going to the hotel is quite a drive.
The hotel landscape is beautiful.
The fitness center is at the aji and is a surcharge on the room. $20 per day!!
Two hottubs and three pools
One water slide with an extra hot tub
Kai is closed on Sunday but ko sin is open
Nice conference room
Great native theme
Large conference rooms and smaller one for sessions.
The 2.5miles clearly marked dirt path along the gila river is great for a morning run.
The food catered is great!
Beautiful golf course
From the airport the cab fare is about $37 +tip
Friendly and helpful front desk.
There were a couple of minor maintenance issues in my room like a light bulb out, shower head was hard to adjust, and a slow drain in the tub.  The light was fixed and this morning, found out my shower/tub issues were also fixed. What great response!
Check out the beautiful gardens!
Total sensory overload just walking through
Love the modern feel of the rooms and blackout curtains, slept like a baby!
Viva Las Vegas!!!
My home for the weekend.
Birthday staycation!!!!
Time to refuel at the buffet. Post race binge!
Water park was fun. Chilling out till dinner at the bbq spot on site.
Having breakfast before heading home
The garden looks amazing for chiense new year
Visiting Lisa for jello shot goodness.
I am baaaack!
So sad.... coming home from relaxing and fun filled 4 days.  Back to real world
Going home. So sad
Gamble gamble in the casino!!?!
Condo sized room. Balcony and massive bathroom with soaking tub and shower.
Enjoying this hotel more today. Loving it. The hochies are coming out in force @ the pool. Winning!!!
Great property to stay at. In the middle of it all
Nice places
So luv this hotel.
Working the strip. Drinking shopping gambling.
Awesome food!
With the hubby at the hotel...baby will not enjoy this week!
No no limit tables..boo!
Easy to miss because it shares a sign with McDonald's
One hour=$100 dinner voucher :)
It's gorgeous!!!!! Resort fee of $15/day includes wifi, gym, bottled water and shuttles. Happy New Year eve eve!
Standard rooms have a pull out sofa for two in the living room with pretty comfy mattresses!
Vdara shmadara!! The Cosmopolitan is more stunningly gorgeous in every way with views to die for and exceptional service.
Pretty awesome suite, very spacious and great service!
Marine Corps Birthday Ball
Home for the next week. Good Cesar salad
Love Hampton beds!
Username: Vacation inn 5g  Password: vip85015  Inside your room, wifi is DaysInn
Happy birthday Kimberly-Ann!! :D
Vegas.. I'm back! Now let's party w/ selena Ho & joina hsiao!  :D  ohh how I've missed you.
Yay made it to Vegas! Time to be an old lady and pass out.  I truly HAVE earned the "pass out queen" title.  Sadface :( whomp whomp.
Hot breakfast n very friendly staff
Sleep time
Last breakfast in Arizona
Cheap!!! Wouldn't recommend this place:(
Sleep time
Yum!!! Milky eggs, greasy bacon, n burnt sausages lol
Just checked in baby!!!
Party time!!! Again!!!!
Stanford brunch
This place is fabuuulloouusssss!!! It has a very euro look! Two bedroom suite for an awesome deal!! I get the master bedroom
What happened to self-park! I hope they are not anticipating we will be tipping each time!! Ridiculous! The bed is soooo comfffyyy!!! And and after this is stripper classes! You know who will be graduating with their Ph.D
Back from shopping! The valet people were kind enough to hold the car down while my bff quickly packs her things to  leave back to Arizona! Mmmm i cannot believe i have to return to reality!!
I need 5 shots like right now! I mean RIGHT NOW!!!! One, two, three... Where are you Fedro? Um we will see what happens.. The night is still young. Thnx Isaiah (valet guys) for being jocular with us
This is the last time i will be here! The lady at the bell desk has NO sense of urgency, especially when there are a lot of people waiting
Alexandra was very helpful!! She hooked us uppp with no waiting for our suite! We definitely juiced the bachlerotte card to get what we want! However the wait in line was horrendous! Ugh i don't wait. LOL! We have a wrap around terrace! 200 bucks! Nowww it is pool party time!
Omgggf the AC isnt working in the boys rooommm!! Ugh it is soo frickn hot. But luckily the tech guy was cute because i was totally drrrrroooolllinnnggggff!! Stop making it hot!
Oh breakfast was good today! Foodgasmic! Even as leftovers! My favorite was the smoked salmon with capers! Just wish that the eggs werent soft cook when we requested runny
After 2 days and nights of crazinnesss leaving to the marriot where the fun will commence! My pooorrr liver!! I think it is cool valet have this barcode or phone in the parking lot
Tiffany at the front desk has been so helpful in the past 10 hours! I cant wait for that beautiful buffet in just a bit! YEA!!
Penn & Teller!!
Now I see what hunter s Thompson meant about what we would be doing if the Nazis would be doing if they won the war.
Fountains are awesome!
Biff tannen was here!
Oui!
Party time
The other Hilton
This place isn't the same without my wolf pack. You know who you are.
I want to live in this hotel.
A lot of walking through "mazes" to get to meetings. Grounds are dark at night, lots of places to stumble. Staff very friendly.
Two cougars
Awesome views of Bellagio light show!!
At the Phoenix Bulldog Show
Hack hack away.....
Walking thru....
national clean energy summit 5.0!
bowling with hannah banana!
family night!
bowling!
clean energy summit!
summer jam 2012!
My home for the work week. This place is gorgeous...
Heard this hotel is pager friendly
Fiji and J boog!! Hawaii living up Vegas tonight :)
Pure Aloha Time fo grind with da kamianas
Yay!!! My bf is the best!!! Taking me to the JABBAWOCKEEZ show!! Super excited and super happy!!!
Upgrade ya!
Super nice!
Home for the weekend!
Home suite home!!!
And I'm back!!!
Massage time!
We got checked in at the Towers-38th floor. Very nice view.
Work then relax!
Hour to kill before 'Purple Reign', the ultimate Prince tribute show. Also, I finally figured out where all the cheap cowboys are! #mylife
AAAHC workshop.
Easy check-in & free happy hour :)
Last minute tix for le reve. Great seats for $99/ea.
Who doesn't love a free pirate show?
Watching the lights of the strip from my room!
I think I've only been outside once since I've arrived.
Another day at Mandalay...
Make sure you get a car. This place is in a dead zone.
Looking at the four walls in the casita. At least our presentation is pretty! :)
Really nice catching up with friends old and new tonight. Lots of fond memories over the years.
Last day!
Making our way to Caesars house
Ahhhh Vegas!!
airplane! the slots
Home away from home. Open up some $5 tables! Come on!
dueling pianos....fun times and it's free!
Water show!
There's still people checking in at this time
Paris tower drink!
Happy hour time!
Last stop, time for some great food to end this amazing trio
Eff this weather! Pool!
KA!
Oh yeah, sweet suite!
.
.
Steak and eggs!!!!
Roar earl of sammich where are you!
Amazingly gorgerous!
if you miss your flight and get stuck at an airport stay here.  They have a shuttle
Elton John!!!!!!!!
Loved it here!
Now the party don't start till I walk in.
Woot.
Don't make me get up there and how you how to do the sprinkler.
$2 16 oz. Beer
Wow this place is GORGEOUS!! I wish I wS staying longer then one night!
Gondola Ride...why not!
Passing through to get a bite to eat.
Here to see Absinthe and hit up Pure.
City view room!!
Tables are hot like fire!
Loving the modern hotel.
One of the best buffets on the strip!!!
Free breakfast & wifi and free parking on weekends!!!
Crap wifi
Let the games begin
3mbps free WiFi in the Grand Tower.  Pretty lame.   My cellular carrier gets 18mbps.  At least give us 5mbps
Everything was great. We should have stayed here, since we spent the whole time here anyway.  This is the new it place to be. Sorry Aria.
self park is immediate access to the rush tower.
two towers only, security.
Security at Elevators. Great Shops!!
oogie boogie
Service took so long today that I left before my order came up. Booo Sonic.
Security at Elevators
Swamped here. Girls approach the valet from the SOUTH tonight.
eastbound tropicana traffic must use the diversion lane that starts way up on the I-15 bridge. dont miss it!
DO NOT BRING A VIDEO CAMERA ON THE ROLLERCOASTER. theyll shut you dowwwwn.
Cops use this hotel to bust escorts.
connects to bally's, dont get lost! easy to get to using Ballys self-parking lot.
las vegas metro mass arrest van spotted here tonight
AMG try Andre's french cuisine
Security at Elevators. Secret Valet entrance off Koval by sands.
Volcana Show is excellent! No security.
great place to stay if youre getting an escort. secret valet entrance from koval no longer connects.
valet is slow as fuck today
mija, dont valet here tonight. A. its full and B. if you con your way in youll end up waiting 30mins for your whip
This place smells like a dead man's chest!!!
wu-tang!!!!
tha rza tha gza tha ol dirty bastard..
only valet in vegas that charges and they charge a lot. parking is readily available in the area though for free, bad neighborhood though.
Love this place cause it's WAY too far out of the way for tourists to come with their nonsense. bowling and movies are both avail here
Bang bang
valet is often full. be prepared to walk A MILE if you self park :/
make sure you turn into the VALET entrance, there are a few false entrances on the grounds.
From the Valet to the Casino: Left at the Quetzalcoatl, Right at the Angel
Security at Elevators.
Security at Elevators. Valet on the side, p/u underground.
no security right now
only hotel on the strip with no elevator cameras 0;)
packed
Valet often full and takes a long time. self-park access is often a better idea. North and South towers, no security.
las vegas metro mass arrest van spotted here tonight
Free wifi throughout the entire hotel!
Home for a week
This place is huuuuuge!
Trying my luck our here! Let's hit it big!
Trying my luck again! Let's hit it even bigger!
Trying my luck!
Trying my luck
This place is huge!
Sky suites are the best!
Home sweet home
Home sweet home...just the way I left it
Home sweet home!!!
Perhaps my new home?
Home for the weekend =)
Paying bills
Staying a few nights in a great suite !!
Dinner time
Great place
Atmosphere concert !!
Breakfast and then off to meet the new addition to the family, Jayden Luis!
For Jimmy!
Checking in just cuz I can!!! For Jimmy Part II!!! LMFAO
Last day to check in.... :( Then back to reality....
Finally here. -_-
Finally here!
Come on 25,17,21,8!!!
No other place to create some sin than Wynn!!!
Just Hanging out with my hommies!
Checking out. This place has become one of my favorites.
Single deck blackjack
Hard to control dice here dice bounce like crazy
Join player's club get 2 for 1 prime rib dinner
Find $3 crap game here
Free wifi at the krispy kreme
Have a coupon get $15 dollars worth of chips for $10
Got free wifi in the upstairscafe
Free wifi works well at the Seattle best coffee shoip
One of the more interesting food courts in las Vegas for variety and uniqueness
Sign up for players card get $5 worth of slotplay free
Uses crapless craps table
Come here for the dealer eye candy
Plenty of $5 blackjack tables
There is no covered parking garage so bring a towel to keep the steering wheel from leaving burn marks on your hand
$5 crap table in evening
Sportsbook have individual booths and tvs to watch own game
Able to access wifi in room
Gym is tiny.  Only a few cardio machines.  Make sure to beat the crowd by running outside.
Dog Friendly! Only charges $25 no.refundable pet fee! And they accept all sizes of dogs so my 100+lb pooch gets to stay here! They even gave us a dog dish with treats and baggies!
Mid week staycation, can't beat this Priceline Price!
Super nice front desk staff. Tiffany was friendly and gave us some info on the surrounding area!!
Labor Day Staycation
Tons of partying on the rooftop pool deck... the hotel doesn't limit the rooftop pool to just Cabana Suit guests.
Happy Mother's Day to me! My loves are treating me! Check in was fabulous service is great so far!!
#splishsplash
Suns out, Guns out
:))) forever a favorite :D
Arcade with the kids :)))
Favorite casino BY FAR!!!!
:) home for the next couple of days ;)
Finally checked in :)
One nighter...
Last stop for breakfast before heading home
Worst casino ever
War is here.....
Late night grinds!!
100x odds crap tables!
Boughie-ass hotel #2
Time to hit the crap tables...give me a Hard 8!!
Telecommuting...heh, heh, heh.
Aww snap! 1st of 4 hotels this weekend!
Hotel #2
Ooooh, nice!!
4th and LAST hotel check-in!!
Fluffier beds than Westin Heavenly Beds!!
All I see are chandeliers...everywhere!!
"Rick Roc is in the hooouse tonight. Everybody let's have a good time!"
Wynn doesn't comp drinks at the bar, even when playing vid poker! Ohhhh lala :)
.25 video poker & mimosas!
Very spacious rooms! Quick check in process! $55 per night on Priceline..... STEAL!
Huge hotel and grounds! Tons of great restaurants & a fab pool!
Rockstar karaoke on Friday nights! Karaoke with a live band!!!! We came, we saw, we sang!
Get free slot play when signing up for a boarding pass!
Just beautiful!
Newly refurbished rooms.... Cool beach vibe.... Friendly employees (bellman to valet to check in)
With Rick, Martinez and Liz
With the family to see the Beach Boys.
exterior and reception area looks a lot more modern than the rooms itself, tiny elevators as well.
Barry mannilow concert.
Beautiful place!!!
Vegas Streats!!
This place isn't too bad. Better than I expected!!
The FU charity event festival
Bomb graveyard specials!
Steak &  Eggs!
Pure Aloha Festival!!!
Great festivals this summer!
@LVFoodieFest
Animegacon!! All weekend!!
@animegacon Official After Dark Party!! Presented by Waterhole KINGS sponsored by Kaba Curry!! w/ Deejay the DJ & @DJEarwaxxx!! Kicken Off Right Now!!
This is a true Classic Legendary casino.
It is sooooo ridiculous right now!! Ohhhh well skipping this really long line to check in the room at VIP.
At Drop Bar w/ @DjAndrewB  spinning Videos... He is rocking the crowd!!
Always Great Performers... Showing some Local Love for Rhyme N Rythm, as they open for Young Geezy
Shopping always relieves so much stress.
Let's get lucky!!!
Feeling lucky on craps!! Winning with style!
This is my favorite hotel, but cell service (Verizon) sucks up in the higher floor rooms.
Frozen towels, otter pops, cold orange and cucumber slices ...... I love the pool here!
Stuck due to cancelled flight from LAS to BWI.  What else to do in Vegas?
Pool time!
Yea baby!
Where the Chanel at
I feel lk dancing
Cotto fight in town
Rise and shine it's wake up time
I need to urinate
Wakey wakey
Turn it down
Later sinners
Showtime
Home for the next couple days
Wakey wakey
Houses the best sandwich place in town
Drunkards
I'm with a rook dog
Aint nutting going on, not even the bomb ass rap song
Tshirt time
Pretty sick spot
Preparty
Where the drink at
Pimpin
The wireless here is pa.the.tic.
Curious to see what kind room our deal at priceline is going to deliver
Home tomorrow:/
Checking in
Tan
Following drunks, not a good idea.
Home of the poker hall of fame
Dirt cheap gambling
Woah, awesome outdoor pool lounge
Penn and teller tonite :)
Shit valet service. Rude and useless.
Not so kids happy anymore.
Ah, its nice to be in wynn again.
CES need to stop having meetings spread out all over the place
Crazy old.
Its almost hour happy.
Still my fav place on the strip.
The most awesome placd in vegas, cosmo a close second.
Right off the strip valet. W00t! :)
North valet ftw
Parking garage connects to casino on 3rd floor, hmm.
Football and happy st paddies
Home of CES overflow and AVN
CES network and sound showcase
Still a classic. Must see for the kitty cases.
Tram to luxor is only from mandanley bar now.
2 parking locations. Front and back.
Woah, this place is turning my group into gamblers with loose slots. :)
Valet baby
Much better now, good bye aladdin.
Scouting for sarah
Boo beach club is closed for the season.
Boo beach club is closed for the season.
Still clean, still classy, still all black. :)
Dark gaming halls
Shiny shiny new casino. Off the beaten path.
Holy fucking shit, already love the front entrence and the lite parking.
Holy fucking shit, already love the front entrence and the lite parking.
More crazy stuffs!
More crazy stuffs!
Beginning to like the comso better than bellagio now... oh noez
Beginning to like the comso better than bellagio now... oh noez
Awesome parking
Behind the mall
Tv everywhere!
Thank god for valet
Shiny new downtown hotel
Parking in rear... construction Hell
Gorgeous resort and amazing suite
Great place, trendy, progressive
Whopper bar!
TWO WORDS: BED BUGS  Third word: refund!  ...at 1 in the morning. Do not stay here.
They have a library inside. Downstairs past the juice bar in HRH tower.
Going to O
Coworker birthday
Spiderman
On the roof, at the pool.
Still here.
It's fancy.
Marcy and Darcy are back!!
We're here!!!! Time to get this party started!
Home for the night. I am in love.
Cute rooms. Clean and decent.
Place is crowded!
Just made a small withdrawal :)))))
$1 Million in cash on display, doesn't look like very much but dang....
Kinda old school casino but super crowded. Michael Jackson music blaring in the back ground - kinda cool
Making a depost
Just made small kine withdrawal ~ thank you Cali!
Argh.....waste of stomach space
Place is crowded, why?
Where is everyone? So not crowded
Making a deposit :(
My deposit was made, no withdrawals...super sad face
Thank you Four Queens for the win!!
Start of my vaca
Need a tram to get to my room. It's practically in Tinbuktu. Nice room on the 21st floor though.
For a 3 day weekend, this place is deserted. Where is everyone?
Lots of punk people rocking those tats here
Last few hours here :(
Aloha Golden Nugget! I'll be back next year for my deposit :)
Lots of renovations since I was last here. Very nice. On our way to find a ghost in Goldfield.
Finally back after a suupppper long day of driving all the way to Goldfield. No ghosts sighted, bummer. Now it's time to eat and I'm so hungry. It's pretty disturbing I'm always yelping about being hungry
Sitting at the bar drinking and playing video poker. Bartender comped our drinks. Still making deposits
Quick stop to change and then gonna meet up with the gang
Good morning! Now if I can just roll myself out of this comfy bed and into the shower I just might feel better. Think I need some aspirins
Need to freshen up, grab some grub then hit Fremont Street. Hotel is crowded.
Bye bye Golden Nugget. Will see you again, hopefully this year. I'll be back for my $$!
Surprisingly for a Sunday, this place is hopping. Lots of ppl checking in...long line.
Usually stay at this hotel. This time we all upgraded to the Rush Tower. It's nicer than the Carson Tower and of course cost more. My biggest gripe is that my room was serviced only 1 time. My other friends were serviced everyday. Wth? B.H. you're not doing your job on the 12th floor smh.
Thank you Golden Nugget for my small kine win - you da bestest
Crowded
GN did some renovations and upgraded the hotel.
Making casino rounds and didn't expect this casino to be so big.
Not what I ecpected but CHIPPENDALES are at this hotel. Now I just have to convince the guys in our group to go, hehe. Btw, they have men servers but aren't very friendly except for the man beverage ambassador.
Making our deposit rounds lol!
First time here. Recommend by fellow Yelper Dave F. Nice big hotel.
Awesome water show and as fellow Yelper George T. said, night time is better, still pretty though
Hotel is super NOT busy
Just saw Taylor Hicks, the AI winner. He has a show here. Now for the gambling....bleh. Think downtown is better.
This casino is well lit with beautiful decor
Getting tickets for Terry Fator tonight! Hear he's a must see...
Smells like popcorn
Huge casino and shopping area
Disco band playing, they're pretty good. Old school songs
First time staying here, hoping the mixed reviews are on the plus side.
Bathrooms in the room are super teeny tiny
Place is never crowded - not very many machines, at least ones that I like.
For a Saturday, this place isn't crowded....hmmmm
Bigger than I thought
Pretty hotel
Nice hotel but slots are tight, moving on....
Fitzgerald is now The D.
On the suggestion of fellow Yelper Corwin M., we have arrived. Nice new casino - let's hope I win.
One pool if you want DJ music, another pool that's calm. Be sure they don't have your room by the music pool if you plan on sleeping in. It sounded like they were shooting a music video right outside my room.
Beautiful hotel that's small, no smoking, no casino. But you certainly welcome the sweet jasmine fresh air after 4 days in Vegas. Goodbye for now!
Closed till this Fall! (2012)
Stop #3, we have arrived.
Top-notch fitness center!
Gaming:) $20 free slot play and I won a $20 cash voucher to play anywhere in Casino, starting day on right note:)
Single deck Blackjack;) not too many places in Vegas go crazy like that...
Checking out Basketball posted odds, people still seem to be gambling from last night.
Doing a little gambling;)
Gaming, Gaming, Gaming.
Gambling, kicking it old school, The Strip is for lame-O's;)
Reviewing Basketball lines for later today:)
Checking odds, looking for 1 game and how it is changing from Sportsbook to Sportsbook.
Kicking it old school:)
Checking odds out, I love Old School Vegas:)
One arm bandits galore.
Checking out diff Sportsbooks. On the strip you have to taxi Casino to Casino, Downtown you walk to 8 in 5 mins:)
Getting odds.
Checking out odds for tomorrow.
Oh yeah, sick room, time to gamble:)
Back from the basketball games & time to gamble, back in the positive;)
It is gambling time:)
Great place to bet on sports, Sportsbooks all within a 1 minute walk with odds that change, got to look for the fat in fat in ur favor.
A little gaming before bed, soooo waiting on the Basketball lines to be published in the am, ZAGSSSSSS!!!!
Time to win some coin:)
Checking into the Rainman Suite:)
Gaming, my numbers have been firing all night.
Gambling time, early bird gets the worm:)
Time to make some $$$$ (aka duck-its). Daddy needs a new pair of shoes, Mommy needs a new handbag;)
We asked for a room upgrade upon check in, we also mentioned Yelp. We were given a sweet a$$ suite with 2 bathrooms, a living room, a dining room no charge, TY Ryan:)
Good morning Las Vegas:)
Chilling pool side, turning out to be an amazing day after operation wind fest 2013 last night.
Last night of gambling in Downtown Old School Vegas:) Been a lot of fun:)
Checking out bye bye GN TY for a great time & a great suite:)
Victory, free wifi 4 registered guests. Rented cabana for next few #pimpclass
The Casino is this Hotel is pure magic!!!
:) never too early for roulette!!!
Got my namaste in, rehydration underway, Cabana/pool time. I currently hiding from the Casino:) 4 days in Vegas ='s 40 days somewhere else;)
#gamingtime
Pay to play #playtime
Checkout time but not b4 some GAMING!!!
Actually stayed in the place several years ago, not this time. Another great sportsbook on ground level, W-I-N-N-I-N-G...
Comparing Basketball odds.
No craps craps, sounds like I am cursing;)
Took taxi to Casino to gamble, going to see Basketball games in a bit.
Took taxi over to Casino. Taxi drivers are a wealth of 411 in this town.
We have arrived quick change in the parking lot surfer style:)
Feel like you are stepping into a scene of Casino or Goodfellas:)
Had a great room here two weeks ago and tonight I can't say the same. Overall it's a nice place though, I just think we got lucky with our room selection last time. I still would give it a four or five star.
Lovin it
Quick cat nap much needed!!!
Good night!!!! Whew!!!
Good morning!! Amazing views and service here!!!
I do not want to leave booked an extended leave
Good bye lovely room, good bye butler you were amazing!!!
Geez, this place is a maze...lamest slots EVER!
They have a very impressive side cocktail menu.
If you want to know the best kept secret about this place... PM me. Some things are too precious to post.
Warmer than Vegas (70s vs 60s), everyone had the same idea, so a great pool scene today. Rinse and repeat tomorrow?
I'm sure if i wasn't here for work I'd APPRECIATE how dark the Paradise tower rooms are, but honestly, i can't find my shaving bag for the LIFE of me
Pretty funky hotel! Very happy to stay here for work.
If you're a light sleeper, request a quiet room or stay elsewhere. It's 2:17am and it's LOUD!
Free WIFI! Lucky me because lately that's a luxury in some hotels.
AC doesn't work. 100deg outside. 1 hour later and maintenance never came. Thanks, free in room sauna.
Shit service, shit rooms, shit experience. If you love shit this is the place to be! Cheaper than a Motel 6 some nights...
Avoid room 115, it is inches from the lobby and between the entrance and the elevators...
Beautiful old town chandler hotel!!!
Great place to stay
My home away from home when ever I'm in Vegas. Also get great service and  wonderful about upgrades. Thanks MGM
Great rooms and nice view
It's real smokey here. More than usual
Made a nice withdrawal
Winning here!!!
What a night!!!
Need a break from gambling!!! Lol
Rory in the giftshop is a total hunk. *___*
Poolside casino's great, but only open in July and August
Request a high, west facing floor. Great sunset show.
Large pool under renovation. Expect to use small pool, with limited hours
I think it's somewhere around 17 miles between your room and your car. But even that trip is faster than the bartenders.
Book directly with this hotel they usually match travel site deals and you can only earn points by booking through La Quinta.
Lipstick on a pig.
Awesome place and great location
Decent Casitas for a good price. A little rough around the edges, needs an update. $15 daily resort fee isn't advertised... Expect to learn about it at check in.
Palazzo's big bro, though i prefer Palazzo :)
Nice room, nice view
Woot woot nice to be back in our clean room, good job housekeeping!
After two nights, im not a fan of their bed or pillows :/
Impressive hotel
Awesome hotel, can't go wrong here
Hurry up cab line
Winning !!
$25, and refills $15
Bring the family !! Big improvement from last time I came here !!
Party @ coyote
Niiiice, beri niiiice
Love this place !!
Shopping galore
Party !!
It's one of many with the name. Furniture and fixtures all normal. As for a room opposite of freeway unless your a nascar fan.  Breakfast is hot and cold, usually fruit available with the complementary coffee, tea and juices.
Clean, staff is great.
First stay at this property, so far ok. Will update on check out.
The room walls are PAPER thin. You can hear every word....
Excellent customer service at front desk.
Favorite food item: Smoked Chocolate Budino! Comfy lounge chairs and lots of plugs to charge up.
Everything at the bar is complimentary. Last call for drinks at 10:30PM, lounge closes at 11PM.
No smokey smell that I'm so used to with anything in the Vegas area
Ask for Mora at the front desk, she hooks it up!
So far I love it here! Super clean room and great customer service while checking in.
Clean, modern looking digs with microwave & frig for a lot less than $100 per night.  Free breakfast.  Comfy bed.  Me like!
Breakfast today:  hot scrambled eggs, Canadian bacon with fresh spinach, shredded cheddar and salsa.  Hot oatmeal.  A choice of cereals with milk.  Croissants, white or wheat, English muffins and sweet muffins.  Hard boiled eggs, melon, sliced cheeses and ham.
Warming up for Rita's Kitchen in the morning.....
Right in the middle of all the action for football tomorrow.
Joya spa couples massages....ahhhh!
Arrived yesterday to a gorgeous room, chocolate dipped strawberries, champagne on ice and rose petals! Montelucia really knows how to pamper their guests:)) love!!!!
Weekends are not the same without a little Joya spa action!
Really love the pool here. Very conservative crowd. Relaxing and low key. Perfect atmosphere to relax and read home magazines without feeling like a moth ball.
Station casinos has two team teasers for football!! U can also use ur players card at sports book
Clean and spacious rooms, wish there were vending machines with real food in them!
This place is a dump and should be avoided.
I love the Silverton because the staff treats my Aunt and Uncle, both in their eighties, like royalty!
Lots of private areas that are accessible to the general public, like this cozy room to watch NCAA basketball in.
The rooms here are very boring and there's way too many little kids here.
The stables can be quite fragrant at times, wafting into the casino and nearby eateries.
The Deli here used to be open late, but that's no longer the case.
View from the rooms of the Las Vegas Strip in the distance is splendid.
They have really bad coffee, but the Hash House restaurant sells coffee and cappuccino to go which is much better than what you'll find at the M bars and coffee shop.
When you check in, there's always a small gift in the room. This time it appears to be toiletries... WTF?
Argh! They play awful music here. Huey Lewis and the News??? Please make it stop. I'm in my 40's and their music makes me feel young.
What a fun resort   Great for kids
Great place sir a luncheon, Shower or a wedding
No lions here!! Seriously what happened to them? Retirement package or sold to "game hunter" parks?????
Great find.  Saturday night 25 cent chips for $1 minimum roulette.  What fun!
Sunday buffet.  Double senior discount with Rampart card. Cannot beat the price and food is good!
Picking up tickets for Recycled Percussion.
Atrium restaurant.
Partying here
Highly trendy suites with separate toilet stall and separate shower. Great designs, you will feel like you're staying over night at an IKEA!
Here's a good tip, don't stay here unless every other option is sold out!
The breakfasts can't be beat.
Parking is tricky and parking lot was around the corner (but close).
Last stop on the tour. Whoop whoop
1 King Bedroom Suite with Sofa-bed is the room I selected to book with my hhonors points.  Completely free stay!  The room was spacious enough to sleep 4 comfortably although there was only 2 of us.  This room had a full kitchen with full size oven, microwave, refrigerator, dishwasher, sink and washer/dryer.  Yes it was away from the strip on South Las Vegas Blvd but well worth the quiet.  The AMC's had several stages across the street where they had concerts prior to the main event at the MGM.
The food at Cascades Cafe by the main pool is great- try the fish tacos!
Omg these pillows are SO comfy! I wish I had like 3 more!
No microwaves or refrigerators in the rooms.
Brand new beds as of Mid-August 2016, and omg, there is a very obvious improvement, we slept so much better with them!
They rent you out bikes! Stay is super helpful and kind! Eco, green & organic!  This is one of my favorite hotels of all time!
Lucy, the front office manager, is incredibly nice.
Nice and quiet, even though it is right next to the airport.
Love the slushies!
Haha!  My "home" in Vegas during the Yelp Convention! ;^D
Call concierge for a golf cart ride 24 hours a day
Amazing service, which tips aren't required, I'm sure they are appreciated!!
Great pool times for adults and families!
Before purchasing a timeshare, look at websites to see how much less people are selling their timeshares for.
M&M tower at the front desk. Grab a complimentary cupful. Pretty cool!!
Classy, spacious, luxurious comfortable rooms.
If bringing the family with kids you must take advantage of the water park
Use the North Valet parking. It seems to always be faster with less traffic
More like ice walking
Park under the trees keep for vehicle cool
Decent rooms, clean.
Vegas, baby, Vegas.
Here for the yelp pool party!
Nice place
Favorite hotel to dine in Vegas - Hakkasan, Shibuya and etc
Free shuttle up to 3 miles. Shuttle can also take you to the airport (Phoenix Harbor International) with advanced rsvp for only $10 per person /$20 per family.  Huge  suites with 2 TV, sofa, huge fridge, microwave, huge desk. Free deluxe continental breakfast from 6:30 am to 9am, and a complimentary manager wine tasting/happy hour at 5:30pm to 7pm. See front desk for more details. Right next door to Lo-Lo Chicken Waffle. Only 10 minutes walking distance to Old Scottsdale and Civic Center Park.
Not as expansive as MGM or Mandalay Bay but a good alternative for last minute booking especially during CES week!  However, they have quick room service and all their staff are very welcoming!
The Venetian is one of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas. Their rooms are exceptionally unique,  high end, and their bathrooms are a one of a kind. Their lobby towards your rooms will WOW you! Book a room, you will see and experience. If you can, book a suite.
The staff here, especially at their check-in are just phenomenal, excellent!  If you get Lea, she is fantastic and has more than 17 years of exemplary customer service with MGM! Cheers!!
MGM rocks with their conference center probably one of the best! Delicious catered meals and great service.
Excellent conference rooms and huge!!
I love this particular Drury, although if you like using stairs, you have to go outside the building. #firstworldproblems.
They have cribs available (no pack & plays), and they give you a cute Honest Co sampler box with it!
Valet parking only And unless you plan to sight see you don't need a car
Arrived at my place of rest for tonight after a 3.5 hour drive
Buffet is not great
24 hour beer pong!
My flight to California was delayed. Airline booked us a room for the night. Room was clean but creepy. Bathroom door wouldn't close because the toilet was in the way. 0_0....  Other than that, A-ok..
Dump Tower
ayce. let's do this! we about to grub like ratchets!
Club Moon is dope!!!
God damn I'm coked out of my mind
Rooms w balconies heart heart heart heart
Next to Motel 6!
Going to mass.
Loved my view of the cn tower!
Excellent location at the foot of Mont Royal. Rooms are nice and staff members are cordial. Lobby renovations are almost complete, but the fitness room is still tragically inadequate.
The gym is large and busy, and the cardio section is well equipped.  Attendants are friendly and courteous.
Love my local casino. ; )
This is a Siegel property. If you know about Siegel properties then "enough said"
Rooms are nicely redone. Worth a visit and price is comparable to others in the area
Great spot for truckers crusing thru vegas.
Young, trendy crowd. Ultra Expensive cars in the lot :) and a pool party every Saturday. If you are not into any of that, you will need to book another hotel. You won't get any sleep here from all the partying.
Regularly attend vendor conferences here and Embassy is  always a good host.
Great spa and mid century modern atmosphere
Greetings from Montreal
Great as usual
Steve Wynn and his vegan options. Shut up and take my money!
Upgrading to a strip/Eiffel Tower view is so worth it
Upgraded to a suite room!
EOS gym across the way, complimentary use for hotel guests. Plenty of restaurants nearby. Across the street from the Talking Stick Resort Arena.
Pool measures 8.5 feet at greatest depth!
Pool at 5 feet deep, right next to the basketball court.
Amazing 24 hour pool at 8 feet deep.
Hotel was extremely accommodating and the staff was very helpful
This hotel has discriminatory practices against male flight crew.
Clean comfy beds! Free coffee only til 7 am. But they give u a single cup maker in your room :-)
It's actually nice and clean for the money. The pool is huge and needs a facelift. Free hot and cold breakfast.
AAA discount is hard to beat  !
About half the buildings are being renovated. Construction debris, broken furniture, Bath fixtures, and dumpsters are scattered around the parking lot and the far side of the pool. If constitution crews playing loud music may interfere with your relaxation, call to check completion dates.
Cool vibe. Hottie with a heavy hand. What else can you ask for?
My beautiful room has a fireplace
Turn down service included a tuffle infused chocolate bon bon
Peppermint truffles tonight for turn down service
Had a wonderful time during my stay this weekend.  Thanks to the Mahaffeys & Hoenigers for coming out to play in the lazy river & pool/slide
Only if you are cheap or desperate. I had no othber choice.
Royal flush, 4 aces, 4 aces with a kicker and 4 threes all in the same hour. Good video poker.
It smells great in here. A favorite hotel for sure. Lavo and Tao are also great.
Our room is clean, roomy, and fab! It's overlooking the courtyard and pool area.
Great location. Close to everything. Well everything i needed anyway ;)
Slow slow shuttle service
Walking distance to a lot of restaurants and shops.
Beautiful.
A wonder how this place is still poppin after all these years.
Ok for $50 a night!
The staff was friendly, and the location is very convienant (located right behind the Palazzo area of the strip). Not super happy with the cleanliness of the place though.
Strip view rocks!
Networking and promoting, all for the good of business
El pollo Loco here I come!
At an average of $68 per night, including tax, it would be silly to complain about anything.  Especially, when you get a full kitchen, a separate bedroom with a king-size bed and a Jacuzzi for three.
Don't go to Gilly's if you enjoy prompt service...or any service for that matter. We were even sitting at the bar, right in front of the manager. We got our drinks, menus and he never came back after that!
A peaceful location 20 minutes from Sky Harbor and next to lots of shopping.
Great water park.
Beautiful hotel on a hilltop!  Great views.
See my 8/2/14 review.
Ah....
Nice resort, nice suites, good restaurant, good pool.....
Awesome! Best in Vegas
First time ever winning here.  8 hrs later $800 richer!!!
If you want a bigger room, book one with 2 queen beds. You'll get a larger bathroom countertop, "closet," and desk.
The pool is now open for business!
Clean room, microwave, mini fridge, tv. Best price in town. Friendly staff, quiet area, full-size ironing board with iron, hair dryer, clean towels, toiletries.
Bring your own pillows! Apparently they got theirs from Maricopa State Penitentiary because they are THE smallest & flattest pillows know to mankind! It's like sleeping on a bag of tortillas!!! Mind you, that they're accompanied by a king size rock!!!
The Wifi & Gym are both included in your $25 per night resort fee
Good value, good internet, clean, safe.
Free shuttle and wifi
Hot. Air conditioning cannot keep up in the summer months. June through September make sure to get a room with an odd number as those face East.
Great spot for company meetings, the lunches are great.
Check out their fitness center (which you have to pay extra for)  beautiful!
Many rooms have terraces (that you can actuallu walk out on) and the amenities are very modern.  The wrap around terrace suite is amazing.  The pool is beautiful. When in season, they have an ice rink with rentals and equipment for every age.
Because this place was originally built to be condos, it is the only casino where the rooms, check-in, and parking garage are all in the same place and you dont have to schlep your stuff across the casino to your room.  The functional terraces are awesome but beware weekend nights are noisy with the club downstairs,  even if you are on the 30th floor! Beautiful amenities are a plus, great for the hip crowd.
Oh and the coolest thing is that in the fitness center, there is a full boxing ring as well as  2 sand filled punching bags and you can ask for boxing gloves at the desk to either work out or go a few rounds with your friend or foe!
And another tip:  in the parking garage,  the red lights above mean that parking space is taken. Look for green lights for an open space.
The HRH tower seems to have nicer rooms.  The bed was very comfy too.
The HRH tower is very nice, nicer than the other building, it seems newer.  The pool gets crowded even before lunch.
If  you dont have a credit card to place your deposit on they accept a $100.00 cash for their deposit. Room 1052 has a Perfect view of the pool. (This section has 11 floors. 1052 is on the 10th floor)
Long walks from place to place
I can see the airport from my room
One of THE prettiest hotels :)
Watching dancing with the stars :)
I'm a lil'tipsy!!
Circuit training done!!  Pretty nice gym here! :). Happy girl!
Nice live music until 10pm. Gondola ride and a few Italian romantic songs for $10.  (Complimentary  with dinner at Alto).
If you want to gamble in peace and quiet at night, this is the place. totally dead at 3am lol
Good Easter Sunday buffet
Don't bother parking your car and walking out to the dimly lit parking lot late at night (hopefully with wads of cash in your wallet! :-)) when the valet is FREE!
This my idea of a staycation
AzAMP Luncheon
AzAMP luncheon to hear Wayne Stutzer
Friday night poker
Check out the spa deals, hang by the pool, hot tub or sauna it's all yours for the whole day.
Great place for a Staycation! Their breakfast is nice & the evening Happy Hour is great too!
Cool water iced drink warn Sun
Always ask for a upgrade!
Be sure to slide your card in the elevator!
Old school
Happy Halloween!
Do u have a phone bank?
Very pleased w/ the accommodations.
The worst floor service in vegas. Hope you're not thirsty!
Yikes! Anywhere but here!
Classy!
Great resturant, but don't sit next to the windows until sunset because it can get extremely hot! Exceptional view!
VIB great deal for strawberry crepe!
Free drink with check in.
Everything great!!
Check out the midway with young kids and see the aerial act. So cool!
Don't stay here!  There are better options elsewhere.
Adjacent to Tempe Town Center, so Saturday night's may be loud as this hotel is close to lots of night life.
2 free beers at "social hour" (5:00-6:30 PM).
Check in last night for the weekend,  check-in out this morning due to see roaches.  This place is very outdated and low maintenance.
Price and location are great. Poor service. Rude manager & security. Buffet was cheap after coupon $9.99 per person (dinner).
My avy!!  Dining room of the big S. Many things to do here. Many. Check it out.
Roadhouse is joke. Seedy folk galore out front. No police? Time machine -1974 in full effect. Somehow I always walk through though. 3 stars.
Don't bother coming tonight,  sadly its severely understaffed with dealers at the moment
RR BABY
Vegas Baby!!!!!!
Mana Concert!!!!!!!!
Vegas Baby!!!!!!!!!!!
So far, so good!  Take some time to get use to the layout, after that   GAME-ON!
Living the Life at The Westin Downtown Phoenix!  What a Great Hotel!  Don't let the heat detour you!!!  Check out the view from the pool!  Awesome!
Ice machines are on the 2nd and 4th floors! To bad if you're on the 3rd or 5th
Get the Groupon and save
Great room, atmosphere, and rates!
Super helpful front desk.
Very friendly staff, nice rooms.
Annabella
All services that they have listed for pets and kids don't exist :-(
Expected more from a Trump property!
Pets are allowed for a fee.
Rude employees that have no clue how to run a hotel.
Worst experience ever. Rude staff. Did not even complete checkin.
bedbugs!!!!
Bachelorette partayyyyy time! Woot woot!
Clean and serve cookies at check in. Some of the other holiday inns forget to do that
Eggsellent breakfast choices and it's free!
Hot as hell!  Stayed only 2 hours.  Never cooled off.
They are under construction so I think they took down the buffet and now only a cafe served food with a sign of : construction special, steak sandwich and something else.
Fast free wifi! 5 stars  No AMC Channel though
Phx childrens hospital benefit.  Dig it!
Gotta love the staycation
This a old resort that's over priced. You're charged  all sorts of fees FOR WHAT an OLD overly   Hyped motel. If you're considering this places DON'T waste your money at this out dated over price DUMP
Last night in Vegas with the family.
Love the Palms! Clean and shower head extensions so I don't need to lean over to rinse. Great hair products from AVEDA too.
My favorite activity: Floating on the lazy river and soaking up the Arizona sunshine. Put on SPF 30 before you go.
Great view of the Las Vegas strip from the upper floors
Room views are either spectacular or just okay. Request a strip view room. Love the 58th floor view up Las Vegas Blvd.
Bath towels are among the best
Valet is hit or miss. Sometimes they're very quick; sometimes it can take 10 minutes to get your car
Valet is still slow. No one here for their car but me. Thursday 7:20 AM
No hot water in the shower. Isn't that a pretty basic service? Otherwise the room is very nice.
34th floor view shows a great panorama of the strip!
Always a great view of the Las Vegas Strip or Red Rock Canyon
Two words...Parking Sucks! Cannot park in the lot behind the hotel because it's reserved for the residents in the area. The lot across the way is for the college students and need a pass to park there. There is a garage across the street but of course you have to pay...I'm sure if staying at hotel they give a stamp/voucher for the garage!
Horrendous customer service, did not even clean our room during the day.
Dont lose
Market on the move
Free internet, free breakfast, pet friendly. Very friendly staff!
This hotel looks newer online than it is in person. The hotel is clean and satisfactory but the room are dated as is the property.
The rooms and the property are old and dated.
Very nice...
Raining
Just checked in and so excited!
Already water parked..Prickly pear margaritaed and dinner on property in a bit....yeehaw!
Front desk is rude...but all other staff lovely
Old school but still a nice place!
#Staycation
Waterpark with my boy!!! Reunited and it feels so good
Just had a great roundtable meeting with other fitness pros, a great presentation by Cate Munroe!  Thanks to Staley Performance
Ughh, stuck in a camelback room again. Tv's are from 1985
4:00 and still cleaning our room.
Relaxing and fun. King bed is comfortable, but the sofa bed isn't.
Great water park I love the rapids in the lazy river and we had a room side pool to ourselves....awwsooooome!
Fast checking... Impressive.
Best rooms in Vegas...no refrigerators in room :(
Prom 2012!
We've arrived :)
Yeeee
YeeYee
half off appetizer!
Kyle went above and beyond his front desk duties to assist with room availability
No casino.  To some that's good; to some that's bad!
Resort fee
Hot
Stayed after concert cheaper than dui
Nice place to stay friendly staff
I must say that the manager is prompt to address concerns. I will be updating my review to express my satisfaction with his comments and assurances about my last trip. There is always two sides to situation  and this management team showed they care about customer satisfaction.
I will be staying here again. Wife is already planning next trip. Great staff
The party is on
Dinner
Not worth the price!
listen your new stadium is nice but even though you won your team still sucks. im leaving arizona and wont return. you can keep your skin cancer and new houses. im going back to cali where i over pay for my house have sunny and 75 degrees.
Cheap rooms
Fucking amaZing. Marriott does not not suck dick. Yelp responsibly.
Request a room in the Mountainside Suites, they are nicer more modern rooms than the Sedona Suites.
Beautiful place, but no blackout curtains in room. The best part of staying at a resort is sleeping, but that's hard when it's bright daylight at 6am.
This place is HUGE
Buyer beware!  Purchases my stay off Orbitz and paid up, only to be socked with a 40.00 a day resort fee at checkout!!!   There was nothing listed on Orbitz about this fee or I would have stayed elsewhere.  When I asked what this was for, I was told "for Internet access and things like that".   For the cost,  you can find a much nicer place!
Beware I saw Bigfoot dressed like chew baca near the first tee box
Breakfast buffet kills
We had a great time. Not crazy about the restaurants on property, but a great compound!
Average food. Service was terrible.
AAA discount available
Got a great deal by booking online.
the resort that claims too much
This place is an awesome weekend getaway we will be back in a few weeks. Very relaxing and wasn't overcrowded the oasis water park was fun. Must try the 2 water slides.
Don't bother trying to call the concierge...they put you on hold for at least half an hour...
Beds are very comfortable
If you have any food allergies, don't eat here!
We had a great time...I just wish they had a microwave in the rooms...
My favorite place for wonderful service. You would never know you are located right next to a freeway, so quite. Buffet at Lobby Grill is wonderful and views are very beautiful too. Make it a sunset dinner.
Great room friendly staff and nice water park. Will come back again for sure.
Poor food, slow service, grumpy staff, overpriced!
Don't waste your time unless you want to stay for water park. But I'm sure there are more in area. I would rather be at airport than this place.
If you need any help, assistance finding your way around the resort or a restaurant recommendation find staff member Dan, he's awesome & super helpful!!!
107degrees in the shade
Surprise Vegas trip! Yeehaw!! :)
Great resort for families.  Affordable suites with micro and fridge, clean pool, and free cooked to order breakfast daily !
Best kept secret in scottsdale for family suites.
Super good golf course. Gold course is tough. Pool rocks for little kids.
Great set up for a family vacation.   Very nice accommodations, and the staff was very helpful and responsive.
Pools, sandy beach, and all the Fire in the Sky at night are all pretty cool.  Customer service is fantastic.
I think this is a recently built hotel--clean, great rate on hotels.com for this weekend.  Air conditioner under the window is kind of loud for a newer hotel.
This hotel has an adult pool; no kids allowed.
Nice course. Challenging enough to make it worth your time but not enough to spoil a good day chasing the little white ball.
Clean rooms, friendly service, beds felt hard but I still slept well, I would stay again.
Don't forget to tip your housekeepers. They work hard keeping our rooms clean.
Not only did they let me change tonight's reservations to this weekend, but they gave me an extra night for free! Love this place.  **The gondola rides are absolutely wonderful. I think the picture speaks for itself in terms of how amazing and friendly the gondoliers are here. I will be back.
Great so big water park and lazy river super fun rooms huge free coffee in room !!!
It's no longer a  good place to come donate to charity.
Don't   lose all your money.
Don't  play poker during the day shift.  The management is horrible and kills the enjoyment of playing poker.
It's got BURGR which is pretty cool, their all you cab eat buffet opens til 11 pm
Home for a week. Wifi only in the lobby...boo!  Time to keep up with technology peeps!
Surprisingly nice first impression. Much more like a hyatt place than a motel6.
The Beatles Love - Cirque Du Soleil
The service at the Joya Spa is exceptional.  So tranquil and relaxing ! everyone is so nice and attentive.  Nice selection of trendy Nail polish.
Nice and friendly receptionist.
First time here!
Very nice
My favorite place to stay in Vegas
Oh so we fancy now!
99 cent maragaritas?! yes!!!
love going to movies here and wingstop :)
great hotel! spotted some celebs over the years. though food is on & off in quality.
beautiful large Christmas tree in the winter
for a night of gettin down on the dance floor, visit 1Oak!
this place is big and busy! it's also a fun place to go play bingo when you're 21 :)
A great hotel to shop and eat at! They have some really great, high-end places.
amazing view from the 54th floor!
cozy beautiful rooms for a pretty good price. it's a great getaway if you need to have a day away from the city!
Pharmacy staff ignores you. Go elsewhere.
New York New York... MGM Grand... Excalibur... Also the Tropicana. Very good location
Super clean, super nice...I could live here...
Here to check out Ka.
It's showing its age, but super friendly staff and affordable rooms make ot worth staying at!
A quaint but extremely pleasant and enjoyable resort!
Time for a little action
Nice and hot! LA next.too much fun
Wasn't a great pool, don't stay here if you're wanting a nice pool.
Hangin at the pool with some Peacemaker fans before the show!
Jersey boys
Love the decor
$26.00 for two normal mixed drinks. Now that's reasonable.
Love the floor to ceiling windows with great views.
Element has refused to return $8000 in room deposits to 16 Phoenix families, when their childrens' travel hockey tournament was canceled with two full weeks notice this month.  General Manager will not produce a cancelation policy, and none was indicated on reservation confirmations.  Beware!
Wedding.
Nice omlettes n sandwiches.
The Pinball Hall of Fame extension is here. 24-hour pinball including Iron Man, Taxi, Batman Dark Knight and more!!!
Try the creme brle
Breakfast buffet at the stone grill has a huge variety!!
Convention. Sweet pool here.
Encore euro pool
Wonderful service and a beautiful location. Quiet and very enjoyable.
Such a cute room!!
Solid value, clean/modern, great service, and close proximity to strip. B
Diamond resorts never lets us down. Unit 276 is refurbished with flat screens & an amazing bed.  Love it so far.
Awesome resort. Apartment size accomodations Rm 126 bldg 8 easy access to room fr parking
Great place away from the strip with an amazing pool and numerous jacuzzis w hammocks to relax on.  Perfect getaway
Great place to relax
Get the fresh made Waffles
Best breakfast
Awesome rooms awesome staff awesome breakfast buffet
Horrible resort rude staff don't care to help their customers
Almost time for the big MTTS AZ drive-off.  Great party last night.
Avoid this place. Bad service. Charge you twice. Worst manager Holly in the world. They could care less about you and put your safety in jeopardy.
Talk about a treat!  Platinum Marriott status helps...don't forget this is a Marriott Signature property ...
Lucky Rice event!
Free transport to and from the airport, and anywhere within a 3 mile radius, before 10pm.
Great poolside bartender, Joe, makes a good Mojoto sans mint. Tasty Pinia Coladas too!
Every Memorial Day weekend the hotel is taken over by Punk Rockers for Punk Rock Bowling. It is the best time ever!
Room was not ready on time. Head board ripped and hanging off wall. Sleep number bed does not work. Oder of febreez. View of dumpster.
Small, very clean, reasonably priced rooms across the street from the Golden Nugget. 1 queen or 2 twins. Coffee available in the lobby 24 hours a day.
Chinese NY display in the garden
Perfect Vegas get away location. Friendly dealers, great restaurants and the absolute best rooms on the strip.
Cough cough cough! Yuk! Smoky stinky smoky stinky! Im outa here!
Room Service chef fabulous.
Like a Days Inn on steroids skip this place!
Kids gotta see castle
Freezing in here! Throw a sweater in your bag!
Mcdonalds in food court!
Starbucks in food court
Pizza Hut in food court
Krispie Kream in Food court!
Orange Julius bar here!
Coldstone creamery in food court
Quiznos subs in food court!
Aunt Annies preztels in food court!
Company in town!  Gotta show em around!
Self parking gives you quick access to casino, poker room, la Reve, Garth, Strattas, and short walk to Buffet
Happy Fathers Day!
Patio closed!
Family in town
Patio lobby bar closed:(
No smoking in this hotel designated areas only like casino!
Worst odds on Roulette!
Get out of the 118 degree heat!!
$12.99 buffet
Happy Cinco!
Lunch!
Valet is crazy! Like 15 cars waiting to valet. Self park (but its a bit of a walk)
Crowded!
Guests in town
Valet parking here sucks
Watching a wedding
Hot day!
Craps!! Winning!
Not crowded!
Rainforest Cafe! Wish i would have know this!!
Escalator not working clusterxxx
Jennifer Lopez and Enrique Iglesias here Aug 18th!! I got my tickets!!
JLO Concert!!!
Spanish music, waterfall, firepit, hidden Oasis all to ourselves!
Food delish but short on staff so they warn u it will be a wait!
Gorgeous views of the pines!
Outdoor patio seating
75 degrees!
$2 Million swipe and win giveaway on Fri & Sat
Celeb sighting! Just saw Carrot Top! He smiled and said HI to me! What a sweetheart!
Ready for a Lemon Drop
Gorgeous upscale
Dragon dance
Military discount on buffet!
Casino is horrible machines never win
At the Market Cafe, gorgeous day out here!
Little mix up with our reservation (that I made last November!)
Love it here. . Win a little. . Drink a little. .dance a lot. Love the bands!
They sure do love to card people over and over again... Can I get a stamp on my hand or something!?
Here for the Minnie With Judy tour.  waiting to get on a bus.
There's a water slide!!!!
Breakfast time!
Nice poker room has 25 tables and there is always agame going
Trying to get quads   And spin the wheel
Excellent service! Best I've come by in a while! Great hotel, clean and well decorated!
Clean and cheap.
Retro atmosphere! I love it!
Back to the Ho Tel......
Zoza crackers!!!
Play crazy for poker.  That's how u win!!
Paigow poker!  Yeaaa!
Great Airport property, the staff is very friendly!
Just saw Mike Tyson
Workkkk! Happy 4th of July! Come celebrate with us at the firework show TONIGHT!
There is NO PARKING here! Good luck!
Talking Stick Resort!
Very remote yet quiet with birds singing and water flowing from the riverbank for much needed relaxation.
Wish I had read the VIP treatment reviews ahead of time. Oh well. Show up early and you can get next to second best seats.
The people watching here is a hoot!
Dear Luxor, your parking situation is a giant poopy.
Check in staff is nice!
I hardly win but I enjoy this casino cause I feel it's cleaner than the rest. They  have this restaurant called Ocean Trail which is AMAZING!!! Jumbo, seafood and oyster shooter! A bit pricy but delicious.
Absolutely gorgeous!
Beautiful downtown property with amazing guest rooms
Hopefully a great weekend. :)
Shooting a vow renewal today and staying here with Kailee and Jamie as guests. Relaxing and enjoying the beautiful view.
First off...Shitty hotel, shitty service, and a shitty place to work...
Thanks amazon local checked in with my bf and so far very impressed with the staff our room was clean had everything we need for cooking love the pool very happy!!!
Clean & affordable...yummy breakfast
Rooms facing the business district is quiet.
Great location!
Coming for the amazing food for a great price
Here for the breakfast
Bring plenty of money!
$$$$
Love to play here & win here
Time to win win no matter what!
I'm trying to win a dollar honey boo boo chile
The food is ok but I stop here to pull on slots :)
Wish me luck this is the best casino
I need to win $$$$$$
I want to win some money
What a joke
Lemon pepper wings
Cool place to chill
I give it 3 stars
I give it 3 stars I love the slots here.
Cool slots
Tip c I'm tip c
$$$$$
This is the bees knees his back and his arms :)
Woot! woot! Ohhh the fun!
I'm at the poker table
Poker
Sam's town is a latest back yet fun casino
I hope I can watch a movie here
Burn em & turn em dealer!
Woot woot
Yey a huge king size bed :)
I've been up all night in the casinos :)
Mhm
I love this place!
I'm at the spa oh yeah
Getting my relax on :)
X marks the spot
It was great
This place is cool!
This is wonderful
I have a ball when I'm here
On my way to the poker room :)
This is my 2nd time here :)
Extra fun
This is cute o.o
Very nice.
Very nice. I love this place.
Come win money
Lets hope I can win for my bday tomorrow
This rocks
Make this $$$$$$
Burn em and turn em ...im such a river rat!
Burn em and turn em ...im such a river rat! This place rocks.
Woot woot woot
I enjoy myself when I'm here.
I enjoy myself when I'm here. It's tons to do.
I enjoy myself when I'm here. It's tons to do. This casino is very clean.
Very nice
The room is small but packed with extras this hotel made my trip worth it
Don't expect fast service.
The rooms are awesome, very sleek and modern.
Love this hotel. Funky decor, pool party, great food, and awesome location. A must visit!
Late night bowling
It's been awhile.
Oxtail soup....the Hawaiin Pho!
Steak & eggz & mash potatoes & green beans.  Plus oxtail soup for dessert
Gettin my vans shined
@ Aloha festival.  Food, rides & music!  Lovin' the start of this 3-day weekend
Bowling time!  Time to whoop @ss
At the pool!
Back home!!  Wow I actually miss this place.
Chive.com event.  Got the night off snitches!
Bowling night with JS
Pool time
Corner suite...holla @ ur boy
Just ordered brunch!  #ballinonabudget #igotthehookups
Chillin @ pool b4 work.  Nice out here
Wow.  This place is packed.
Mom's bday dinner & shopping
Pizza n billiards
With the homey Edwin Agcaoili
Hanging with da homie Bernard Bueno
Chillin' like a villain
With the homey Tina (& rico) for her farewell party
Chris Tucker live!
Playing pool!!!
Love it !
It's pretty sweet !
Champagne is bomb !
The service is excellent!
Amazing
Loving the pool.
Food was good. The staff is average. The restaurant is clean.
Make sure the building you stay in is one of the newly refurbished ones
The view is amazing.
Great Golf
Elvis before noon is playing by the pool
Kicking it. Sometimes celebrity chefs. Cook by the pool
Ox tail soup!
Semifinals brekfast, let's go Nakatanis! Rematch from last years championship game, nakatanis vs Arizona desert jade.Also let's go Menehune!
Free room upgrade! Got to love the big screen flat screen. Go butler! Byu! And ucon!
Wat a show, ka was great!
Ka was amazing!
...
Back. Nike was a failure...
Good morning las vegas!
So long ti. Until next time
Shark reaf...
Wow what a nice place!
Gillato
Amazing mystere show!
Go really early to XS to avoid the lines. Walked right in without paying cover
Whats up with odd and even sides?
Just won $116. On a $.40 bet  I cashed out . Me the big gambler.
Ask for a high floor, the view is amazing
Nice rooms and very clean
Don't stay here. Bed bugs.
Nastay. But no deposit, unless you pay with cash
Friendly staff and great size on the 2 queen suite!
Great food court.
Park on the 4th/5th floor.
Hole in th wall but somewhere  to fall asleep
Bring lots of towels
Lovely facility
Nice clean, modern property
An old fav
Don't get the veggie wrap.  One of the worst I've had
The "ice skating" here is actually just a bunch of plastic boards. Don't waste your money!
Horrible cocktail service. Sat at the same game 30+ minutes and saw 4 waitresses pass by without asking for my order
I had a nice experience.
Best, best place for vegans. So many choices that aren't just "fruit and vegetables." This was my room service of spinach and artichoke ravioli and it was delish!
This place is crooked. Stay away!
Yappy Hour rocks!
An actual vacation!!!  Even if it is just a couple of days.
Love the place
Lovely place to celebrate my dads 79th birthday today.
Nice place... apparently as long a you don't expect customer service x)
Never gamble more than you're willing to lose!
Came for the Splash and Dash with a friend. Thinking of coming back for a  birthday staycation. Awesome place!
The free parking for the hotel is about a twenty minute walk from check-in.  Nice hotel if you are into the Vegas glitz.
Stay somewhere else you will get better service as they don't know how to provide guest service they all need to be retrained.
Comfortable, clean room, clean bathrooms.... Comfortable beds. When we got in our room it was extremely hot. We turned the air conditioner on high high, and it was fine in about 1.5 hours. The continental breakfast was fine. I would stay again.
It's humid as hell in the elevators. My floor feels & smells like a locker room.
This place always had interesting people watching :)
Banner Xmas dinner
Bout to win some $$$$
A deluxe "suite" for $200/night & strands of hair on freshly pulled back covers...won't be back!
Decent, clean room for $89+taxes on a Saturday
Just relax and enjoy.
Cravings buffet is the best on the strip!
Not smoke free. It may advertise this but the hallway wreaks of cigs and it comes through the vents when the cooling system kicks on :(. Otherwise it could be nice.
Avoid room 106. It is next to the fitness center. They have an alarm in there that goes off around midnight. Wakes you up from a sound sleep.
Dont hold an event / class here... AC too hot; like a sauna in here!
Nice
I love staying here, I gotta make sure there no bed bugs :-/
Yeah buddy
Review coming....
Beautiful surroundings, less than updated accommodations.
Service was excellent. Gina Rodriguez and staff made sure all of the details for my sons birthday celebration were met.
Pretty old and dirty
Very nice place!! I will definitely stay here again!!
Kinda reminds me of the show "Hotel Impossible" but the staff is friendly and will do what they can to accommodate.
Winstar of Oklahoma meets Vegas. Come here.
Pls see below. Just edited instead of updated. Sorry
New menu coming soon
$35 to self park-yikes!!
Free Wifi and breakfast.  Close to Mill Street restaurants.  Odd layout of room puts TV in front of couch instead of bed.  I have a thing about not wanting to touch hotel furniture.  I stayed here again - suite provided had better layout.  Not narrow, TV in front of bed.  Much better.
Free Internet and complimentary breakfast.  Great location - close to Mill Street restaurants, cafes, and night clubs.  Well run hotel.
Too many snow birds around this time. Ugh! But the wait isn't too bad today ;-)
I AM the Valley Ho ;) wish I could live here!
The hotel is currently renovating the lobby and some of its rooms. If you're in the need of sleep during the day ask at check in for a room far from the work being done.
I'm a Marriott product fan and this location never lets me down on cleanliness, price or service. I like house close it is to the 202 freeway, airport, and rental car facility
Pool is not currently available due to the deck being furnished.
There cannot be a more beautiful hotel property in the Phoenix area during the Christmas Season. Just gorgeous!
This is now my favorite Courtyard in the Phoenix area. Great location, brand new, amazing pool area, walk in showers, and great mattresses.
Breakfast isn't free,at courtyard. If you want that go Fairfield or Springhill Suites.  Book Marriott.com, package with breakfast if you want that at Courtyard, not priceline, etc.   Only Gold & platinum rewards members get free breakfast at courtyard, unless you book that room rate package including breakfast.  People stop complaining when you book thru priceline. Use marriott.com. guaranteed lowest rates and join marriott rewards online too.
Ashley in Griffin Club is really friendly & helpful.
Summer resort prices are cheap
Cold continental breakfast, disappointed!!!   The furnishings in the breakfast area are really odd, It has all tiny 2 person tables, none for 4, and some really odd seating at one end.  Coffee in the hotpots at 6:45 am was luke warm.  They only serve bagels. Make your own waffle, cold cereal or a packet of instant oatmeal, bananas, and some cold yogurt.  Spa/ hot tub was closed for repairs.
Good breakfast
Stir the blueberries or blackberries into your waffle mix before you cook it. It won't Stick to the waffle maker and it tastes better.
Give me money .....
The jambalaya is awesome
Free parking! (Even if you aren't staying at the hotel)
Hotel is nice but shitty service, need an attitude adjustment
Right next to the mall! Very convenient location!  Be aware- breakfast is at 6:30am- which doesn't work for me because work starts at 7:00am so I am not able to eat any breakfast this week..
There are tons of kids here for sports tournaments. The pool and hot tubs are like kid soup.
Lunchtime
Time for breakfast with the wife
Breakfast time again Maybe I'll have SOS today
Chow time
It's cheaper than cooking at home besides it's too hot to cook
Steak n eggs for breakfast n lots of coffee
Time to strap on the old feed bag and get some grubbing on
Coffee time
Chow time
Time to feed face
Eat time chicken fried steak n eggs
Wednesday morning breakfast with wife
Chicken chow mein for lunch
Dinnertime
Breakfast time need coffee need caffeine
Breakfast time
Breakfast French toast yum
Lunchtime
Need food now
Breakfast time
Steak n eggs $4.99 such a deal
What would a day be without it
Guess where we are
Back for breakfast
Need to feed the wife.
Chinese food first then Bikefest 2010 at Cashman Field Las Vegas
At the gun show w my parents
Gun show
Lunch with HOG chapter
Not at Drew and Cesar's party
Fyi lunch is served after 11:30
Hotel bar has a pretty good happy hour
Clean rooms at a great price
Awesome hotel. Though the south elevator can sometimes make a scary noise
Has an executive lounge open daily
Newly renovated laundry room with huge capacity washer / dryers
Has patio area with golf view
Internet is $30 per week
Add breakfast for $1 more for everyone in room
Cute white cockatiels in lobby in palatial cage
Great pool.
Rollercon
RollerCon bitches!!!
Seriously?  I came for the pool. .. nope,  closed. Should get a discount for that!
Loved staying here!
The bathrooms are very loud if you are trying to sleep.
Brother was ROBBED!!! Beware!!!
Small rooms :(
Everything here is amazing. Even the service.!
Nice lil spot. Not too uptight.
Dai is here woot!!
Attending the AZ Tourism Conference the wasabi salmon was average
ICSC retailgreen conference
Couldn't be worse.. Basically a do it your self hotel. Motel 6 is just as good. Honestly could not be more disappointed. Dipshit hotel is their new name
Don't stay here! The rooms are old, the door was falling off the hinges, light fixtures chipped, the bathroom calling leaked right over the toilet, there are cigarette butts all over the ground, the majority of the staff could careless you are a paying guest. It was a very uncomfortable experience.
Everyone, from the check in at the front desk to the guy who fixed my AC was very accommodating and I had a great time!
Consistent. Kids eat free Monday and Tuesday. Great staff. What more could you want?
Gonzalez good eats
Great gambling tables
Great am free breakfast
Celebrating my daughters birthday at the Thunder from Down Under show!
So sad they're closing!!
Gross...waitress held cat didn't wash hands after, manager licked his finger as he was putting menus down then put silverware on top..uugghh
Good hotel for a Vegas trip...
Quiet and relaxing day at the pool :)
Pool time
Rooms are super nice for a motel! They take AAA cards to for a discount.
Andy cooks the best breakfast!
Makin money in da casino... Makin babies in the hotel! Ha!!
They share a parking garage with Paris Hotel but there are no signs about how to get to Ballys. Go through the Paris casino to get to Ballys. We were wondering around for a while before we figured it out.
Amazing!!!  Time for some fun!!!
$2 korona!!
Excellent!
Explore
JCK Convention
Pool time
Waiting
Love our Tallie thank you!!!!
Let's start here
Nice!!
Kids love this place
Bring lots of cash!!
We just asked for an early check and we were able to get it so for all the early birds don't forget to ask.
Peep the Villas...
The outsides not much to look at but the rooms are decent
Nope never again. Non-working key, non-working remote, staff didn't care, telephone won't dial front desk/housekeeping/anything, loud @$$ A/C, $65/night and NO cash after-hours, only credit card even though they told me cash allowed always! NEVER AGAIN!
Omg
Garth is back baby!
Clean and relaxing spa. Note: spa is separate from the casino. We loved the most: Antioxidant alcoholic drink and portobello pizza by the pool. Staff were helpful with multiple bandaids when I cut my finger. Massage was good.
Free bottled water, wifi and video hookup. No ice machines, so pick up bag of ice at front
The spa treatments and atmosphere are very nice. I enjoyed the Monday meditation.  Beware loooooonng waits for your food and drinks!!!! I spent 30 min waiting for my lunch order - so long I had to push back my massage by an hour. During that same hour I waited ANOTHER 30 min for my complimentary drink, watching many others get theirs before me (saw them order after me). One server had about 40 guests. TERRIBLE restaurant service.
Must go! Very relaxing atmosphere and great customer service!
Great ambiance and great people! Let's not forget about the music ;-)
Balcony with pool view and Mngrs Happy Hour at 5!  O- & Bosco, the chocolate spaniel mascot of the hotel, greeted me with open paws!
The Holiday Inn staff always put out a great buffet for us
Under renovation.
Breakfast now includes an omelet station.
Come here for either happy hour or breakfast!! Great menu and good chef. There is a full bar and there is seating at the bar or in comfy private booths.
Service has been great so far . Room service and guest requests have all been met.
We got upgraded to a closer tower instead of the reject area for free! Yes!
Dinner!!!
I play black jack easy! Have high limit!  Some to eat! Poker room...! Great !
Check other reviews
Wooooo Whoooooo!
Uber swanky casino!!
hell city!
Really great for a stop over. The front desk lady who works the grave shift is really nice.
Great customer service.
This place is fantastic!
Not the very best but on short notice during spring training, it's clean and close enough to the freeway.
Free wifi!
Free wifi!
Don't bother, stay elsewhere!
The suite is roomy!
So far it's been a great stay- enjoying each night as they go by.
Get to the dinners before 7, check ins after 3, quick on any room needs! So far so good!
Very hospitable & helpful with dining suggestions. Good location. Would definitely recommend.
Buffet sucks. Good thing I'm not hungry.
Dropping guests off
Attending a trade show for work
2 more hours and I'm through with my 12 hour shift
Start of my 12 hour shift
Nice! Huge, clean, new, close to mid strip. Hotel tonight $99!
Relax at the bar
Fab breakfast buffet. Nice touch with DIY fresh waffles. Ask about corporate discount, which likely comes with breakfast ! Not from from outlets either :-)
Afternoon tea!!!
Sin city
Nice
Can't beat the value
Mob exhibit
Hash house
Noisy. Pool party in full effect. Called the front desk to no avail. Btw, it's a Wednesday night.
Excellent.. The rooms were fantastic , the food in every restaurant was amazing.   Great place to stay
Walking distance to nice restaurants and shops!
Pool party cabana side!
City of hope fundraiser
Yummy buffet
Ask during check-in for an end room..the ceilings in these rooms are vaulted and make the room feel a lot bigger!
The Faint play Danse Macabre in its entirety tonight.
Tip....go somewhere else!! If its all about the view....you'll enjoy that, but don't expect much else. The food, drinks and service are terrible and absolutely NOT worth the arm & a leg they cost! Happy hour is ridiculous, bird size portion for apx $10.00 an item. No liquor in the happy hour drink. ENJOY THE VIEW!
A great option for the price.
So awesome!  If you start  to win money,  they'll ask you this  leave.  Despite the four people at your table who will agree  you did nothing wrong.   Good job Casino  AZ!  You rock!!
World buffet!!
Check out the piano bar!
Churros
Amazing suite!
Thanks Hotwire for the amazing deal!
Bring your Hippster outfits
If you need a rental car, call HERTZ at the Hyatt nearby, they can deliver a car the night before.
If you plan on visiting on a holiday (Mother's Day, Father's Day etc.) show up early. Lines can be hours long even mere hours after opening.
Hang out at the penny slots long enough and you get a free pop. No free booze though.
Limited double rooms. Will honor any price found on the internet.
Fun place to wander and site see.
Best valentines day gift EVER!
Second time staying here! Clean! Great folks! Thanks for the great night.
Method Man is in the house.....
Workin.....
I have a love-hate relationship with my job!!!!
Just Workin .. like usual.
Workin...
Yep Workin again ... come have a drink with me :)
Yep...
My HH rocks! $2 vodka!! $2.50 gin, rum, tequila,  and whiskey! !! YEP....
Working away....
Comfiest hotel bed and softest, coziest sheets EVER.
Lobby has vintage accents with a modern color palette and decor. Really classy.
Huge outdoor pool. Water slide and massage spa (occupancy 72) is a huge plus. There is construction going on that starts at 5:00am so double check where they are putting you before you move into your room.
Spring training
Good lord. I think I checked into a old folks home. .  Welcome  apple sauce and pork chops for early bird dinner.
Stay away from room 102. Bad cell service if AT&T and Internet is hit and miss
Please fix your tv channels so they work right. Have a picture but no sound
Fun course but in horrible horrible condition
Love this hotel...
Go see their holiday lights and ice skating!
Pretty sweet views and resort! Chillin by the pool!
Go to Gozalez bar for a yard long peach vodka daiquri take it with you in to the show!!
Gettin ready to go ballin'
Thanks to Michael for the great hair services. Can't wait to come back.
Don't valet! They want $12 to park your car. Really?
Meh.........
They are always cleaning the common areas. The food is tastier than most free breakfasts. The staff is friendly & it's quiet enough to get work done.
Every day at sunset they have bagpipers playing - awesome :)
They will charge for your drinks while gambling - and they are not cheap!
So relaxing and beautiful!!
Its beautiful
It's super busy even on a Wednesday night
No craps?!
Travel site that starts with "e" and ends in "xpedia" is offering $25 off $100 dollars or more making this a very affordable stay. Front desk personal are very friendly and helpful.
Love !  Must see !!
Great hotel in Las Vegas without the chaos of the strip.
They have Starbucks.   Enough said.
Celebrating our third Proposary!
So good to plop down in a big fluffy bed away from the hubbub
Great golf course! They also provide inner tubes that you can lounge in while floating along their special lagoon pool.
Clean, spacious suites with panoramic views of the mountains on the 50th floor. Love this hotel!
Spacious modern rooms with great views. Bathrooms are large and clean with a separate shower and bath tub.
great rooms, very updated and homey. who doesn't love free breakfast? i'm addicted to the waffles.
Rooms are very stylish but small.
Home sweet desert home
Classic 50's style layout @ a great price.
There's brand new slot machines everywhere...
Closest place to stay by the speedway.
Great place to stay with plenty of beds, if you have a large group. We got 2 800 sq ft joint rooms for $159 a night on a Friday!! Why r people complaining??
You don't get housekeeping service unless you stay longer than 7 days.
They charge a corking fee if you bring your own booze. $25 per case $50 per handle. So make sure you hide it!
The rooms are clean and appear recently updated. This reminds me of what might be an old Motel 6 though. The bed was comfortable. The check in was painless. The hotel is just over priced,  IMO.
Hidden gem with a nice pool area, great lounge and great food.
Not enough towels.
Ask for Christopher as your server/bartender! He's the bomb!
Pretty nice place, a great home base for a Scottsdale adventure.
Nice hotel but no free internet. Please get with the 21st century!
Fresh baked cookies upon check in!
Very nice!
G2E gaming expo! Gaming and industry. Plus great food. Media pass of course!
food
@ the Boulevard pool for Identity event.
And the holiday party season begins . . .
Founders Ball 2012
Great hotel, beautiful pools, but the property is so big it is a pain to walk to the front desk, it's a 10 minute walk every time !
Doubletree Paradise Valley, AZ - lousy mobile phone reception in entire building.  No wireless in rooms.  Shabby in this day and age.
Thanks to the Scottsdale Area Chamber of Commerce for hosting Yelp Town Hall! The Doubletree is always a pleasure to visit.
Listening to great advice on how to use Yelp to promote a business at a Scottsdale Chamber of Commerce breakfast meeting.
Best hotel gym!!
Nice hotel IF you can find your room the first time. Signage very difficult. Other than that and now that I know my way around I would stay here again.
Attending Scottsdale Chamber of Commerce event to meet new city leaders
They actually take care of us folks with gluten allergies.  Will be back!
If you are young and single this is the place...
Two pools and a great gym!
Being treated quite well by the staff here while vending at an event.   Diane (hostess at the bar) is amazing.   So helpful,  on top of everything and super friendly!
Clean but not what we expected as far as the room
beautiful pool, & place. lots of mosquitos in our  room. and im allergic
North pool is closed for repairs
At the AZIMA event
Nice place for corporate meeting.
This is where we stayed our last 2 1/2 days with Debbs niece.
squeaky, creaky building.
I thought the ambient sound was a bit annoying with the somewhat low ceilings.
The ambient sound was a bit annoying with the somewhat low ceilings.
The ambient sound was a bit annoying with the somewhat low ceilings.
The ambient sound was a bit annoying with the somewhat low ceilings.
The ambient sound was a bit annoying. I couldn't put my finger on it.  Ceiling?
Wave Pool and Lazy River.
Rosemary Skillet Cornbread!
Complimentary fitness center. Tower 1 is closest to casino.
If you don't like being dragged around by the little lady... stay away!  It's the Miracle Mile Shopping Center.
Check out the Sports Book, please!  Close to the front desk.
Don't expect to get any type of valet or help after 11pm!!!
Learning all about yelp from @matt_siltala at azima!
Awesome breakfast, free happy hour drinks at 5:30, cool throwback 70's vibe...
Fuck ya u need to rest ur head here BC of Marshall stieler..He is the shit for free. Malcom said hit him up for a room within reasonably
4th floor restaurant with happy hour every day from 530-730. ;)
Now this is more like it!
Not near 4 stars.
Nice suites and great amenities. Food not so good. Free happy hour is nice.
Awesome breakfast, great getaway with the hubby!
Awesome breakfast, great getaway with the hubby! Romantic Romantic Romantic
Now owned by Embassy Suites. Rooms all redone. Remodel in process. Noisy during the day with construction that ends at 6:00.
This place needs help. It's no embassy suites yet. Serious work in progress. Staff needs some training too.
Now a Quality Inn.
Work
Friendly staff as always. This place makes me feel like yeah home.
Room is Massive
Why are these closet spaces so poorly designed.
Massive Rooms I can hear an echo
Great room, nice and clean, friendly staff at check-inn!
1.50 bud lights and 2.50 16z red hook drafts at all bars
Main bar has .25 blackjack
George Clinton and Parliament Funkadelic :-)
Brunch with the families for the multiple April birthdays!!
Great spot to watch games.
At the Homebase Open Mic event. Nice.
At the Casino@ Talking Stick
Remodeled and not bad rooms!
They will not honor the packages you purchase for the shows. They will tell you it is in the "fine print" that is not on their website or their confirmation email they send you and then act like you're the idiot when you question it. I have stated at TI before when they were owned by MGM, and their customer service was top  notch. When I called them on this all they said was it was on the fine print but couldn't tell me where I would have seen it before they showed it to me. BULLSHIT!!!!
Sitting pool side bar enjoying the pool.
Don't even think of checking in here.
Mmmm complimentary chocolate chip cookies & fruit!  Nice!
Nice Nice Nice
Ummm yup!
Tip your front desk! Thanks Ashley for the upgrade!
Made it!! Hot dayum it's hot out here!!!
Only $10 more for an upgrade to a room with a view of the golf course and close to parking...totally worth it
Just arrived and "WOW" on the service. Love the view of the golf course from our balcony too!
Another day, another course....me versus the little white ball!
Here at the hotel now. Rooms are NICE! Service is prompt. Beds feel like a memory foam matress, very comfy. Internet is SLOW, I remember dial up being faster. Booked through corporate but they messed up our reservations so BOOK DIRECTLY WITH RESORT, not their corporate owners. Huge disappointment. Wait staff is AWESOME. Jeff is the best server here. Honestly, Orange Tree, upgrade your Internet. I'm writing this post on my phone since your wifi constantly cuts out. Awesome service AWFUL Internet
Plenty of room to bring food in
Classic resort-style hotel with great proximity to highly desirable destinations in Scottsdale and Phoenix. Unfortunately, the facility is showing its age (not in a cool retro way) and needs a lot of TLC.
Trip hazard by the main entrance. Watch your step.
Watch your step-broken driveway at golf bag drop.
Room was large, far from parking lot, no restaurant
Celebrating my mom's 60th birthday.
Love the tea in the lobby! :)
Great Buffet
Old, smelly, shabby.... Skip it and stay somewhere better.
If you got to hotel in yorkville, this is the place to stay
Loving our time share!
Night out with my girl janel!
Mammoth.
Literally at the circus; it's pretty fun !
So far, ugh.  Suite included buffets which "Sara" would not honor without manager.  Upgrade or high floor room? Oh no, said Sara briskly.
At the pool - a hit!
It's ok. The room we stayed in was outdated but spacious. The pool is small and all music is 50's.
Ladies, bring your own hair dryer! Theirs are like a toddler trying to blow the fluff off of a dandelion - ineffective to say the least!
Free breakfast! Monorail stop! 2 br loft are ginormous!!!! Kitchen super convenient!
We had a great experience! Service and food were wonderful!
Thursday night and it's empty.
Penny machines are smokin' tonight!
Do these machines EVER pay?????
Good sale prices on wine. Free ice cream cone!!
Brian McKnight tonight @ Pearl theater!
Machines suck big time.
Battle of the Dance!!
Wear a sweater!
Best Little Whorehouse here!
The slots are hot today!
Easy parking on a Saturday night??!!
Lots of good parking tonight!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!
Thanksgivukkah Buffet!!
Most comfortable slot chairs anywhere!
Eat Drink is a magical place for all your wine and cooking needs!
Love this place!
Sunday night at 10:30 - it's jammed!
Love this place!
Smokin'!!!
Beautiful Hotel and conference facility.  Here for a conference.
Wow!!! Had to sleep real fast... These early tee times are killer.
Poolside before my 10 year high school reunion
Checking in cuz we're checking out
Amazing pillows and the best place at the resort is the fire pit!
Mandatory $25 a day resort fee. Also $27 a night for Valet parking, but self park is free.
This is no longer a Loews Hotel. It is now a Westin.
Love the Westin workout!
Amazing looking golf course, swanky hotel
Check out the 22nd story roof top pool
Perfect posh in Scottsdale.  This place has more amenities than Disney...(well not really, but a classy all in one spot)!
Their upscale restaurant is Deseo,  really good, not the suburban/chainy feeling you'd expect at a large resort like this, amazing and inventive food; service was friendly and professional , they made great rec'ns with perfect wine pairings. Hard pressed to find negative comment, highly recommend!
Beautiful outdoor area with lots of fire pits! Kid friendly and they offer s'mores to roast over the fire!!!
very relaxing!
Spa and sauna area is tiny but nice. Jacuzzi fits like 2 people
Great place for kids if you like pools. Lazy river, slide etc
Waterslide: for a faster experience, dig in your heels and arch your back to have only your shoulders and feet touching the slide on the way down. This will noticeably increase your speed and torque on the corners.
Don't drink from the water pitchers by the pool. The local black birds consistently land on them to get a quick drink.
Wonderful week here with the family.  Special Thanks to Chris out at the Pool!  Kept us fed and hydrated!
2 lots for self parking.
Everything about this hotel is great. Rooms, food, views, bars and even the gym and pools. It's a great destination.
Very dog-friendly! Our pups were treated with super comfy beds and nice water and food bowls!
Do the express check in (email from PH morning before check in), it will save you an hr plus (regular check in lines are notoriously ridiculous)
Only come here if you want to go to a casino. There is only one way in and out of here and it is through the casino. Seems like you would be in trouble trying to exit if there was an emergency.
Stay away!
Street league!
Having a fabulous time! Rafael at the front desk is so nice and has been very helpful with all my questions!
Back in Vegas baby! Great prices on priceline here. $46
Stay next door at bills saloon instead. Its a hidden gem on the strip.
Valet doesn't respond to call downs. Walk your ticket to the valet guy
Great Champagne bar!  Great atmosphere..
Management don't always have people or problem solving sl
Whitewashed and clean
I guess I gotta write something....
The place is near a lot of shops and place to eat including Sunset Plaza, plus you can't beat free room and free breakfast!
Shuffle up and deal, WSOP
World Series of Poker Main Event starts tomorrow, $10k buy-in
Few more hours til the WSOP Main Event!
WSOP
$13 resort fee!
It's always nice when the rooms are comp!
I love staying at the Palms, I always get upgraded to a suite at no charge!!!
Self park is a closer walk to the rooms than valet
Pool closes at 6 PM
Casino is so empty at 7:30 am
See you soon
Just checked in, couldn't upgrade to a suite, all booked!  On a Thursday!!!
Awesome time playing poker!
Check out time
In here for business
Checkout time
Sweet 2 Bedrooms!
Pool open 'til 10PM!
They have the Sleep Number Bed!
Gotta have a room key to valet on weekends
Very nice hotel for business travelers and near the airport.
The Poker room is at this casino
It's a beautiful day here. Lots of labor day activities going on this weekend!
Staff are really friendly! Provides free dasani water bottles. Free wifi and free guest parking. Golf course and hiking trail all on the resort.
Free wifi, self parking, and breakfast. The shower head is amazing!!! Best hotel shower head I've ever experienced.
27 years later. Its my first time here.
Poker room minimum $100 to get chips.
Seriously disappointed, barely any towels and they all of stains on them. No privacy door tag and no laundry bag!
Pool area is really cool. Check the rooms because some rooms have hair, no vents,  ants, and a loud banging noise. Reception for t-mobile sucks!
Valet parking only!
Must try wicked spoon buffet!  Best Vegas buffet! !
Casino has war!! There's live performers by the bar area. Free self parking but the best part is a staff in. A golf cart picks and drops you off at your car.
Good prices in the summer, located in the heart of Scottsdale. Great gift shop, pool, restaurant.
Awesome place for a staycation
So nice outside today by the pool!
terrible.... never staying here again!
Terrible Experience !!! Never will return. What a scam - these are low grade apartments with two flights of stairs to climb - not a resort. Not a hotel - hotel.com was very deceptive in how this was advertised so they will not be used again either. Hope you see this and other bad reports before having to experience this place.
Beautiful resort and spa.
Shouldn't all these in front of me be at work?
The kids were SO surprised.
I guess we got lucky. I read the reviews. Our stay was great! Clean, quiet, great A/C. I'll be back.
Wow! Super room, great view,                 I feel rich!
Have breakfast on Rick's patio. Very nice!
The pool is so nice after a round of golf. Poolside drink service doesn't hurt either.
Yummy food, great drinks, beautiful view, and great service what else could you ask for!!
Great property!  Shuttle from airport and great little bar next door.
Visit and stay a while.
Fancy grandma pants
Great place to stay for a weekend, quality food and service
A wonderful time partying at talking stick for cocktails and dinner and champaign to celebrate
Free unsecured Internet that never works!
Old Skool
:))))))
This place is insane!!
Puttin in work
Time to put in work!
One last grind!
Very nice room foe the price.  All rooms come with 4 burner kitchen, fridge, even a dishwasher.  Good long term stay hotel.
Have the tomato bisque soup and cheddar panini.  Amazing combo.
Take advantage of the free buffet each evening
So, nice rooms and great kitchen however bed bugs alert. We found one on the sheets and got lots of bites to show on my body
Bed bugs alert!!!!
Bed bugs alert!!!!
Quiet and calm here. Old world Spanish charm.
Lobby entertainment is awesome.  Spanish guitar/flamenco dancers 3 nights a week makes me happy.
The bath amenities smell like gas station bathroom air freshener.  Bring your own toiletries unless you want to smell like a Citgo.
God I hate Vegas but the Cosmopolitan makes me hate it less.
Ok
No wonder the room was so cheap. The hotel is under construction.
Looking for places to explore. Any Scottsdale suggestions?
Enjoying Easter Sunday in Sunny Scottsdale
Ready for Thanksgiving
Stay-cation! The best! Great pool and fun for "kids" of all ages.
This place is amazing! I will book here from now on! The bathrooms are stupendously gorgeous!
Love their friendly and professional staff. Thanks for hooking us up with a presidential suite.
Gondolas! Just like Venice, and they sell smore kits for the random bonfires on the premise
Amazing so far!!
Sunday brunch
Great rooms
Nice place! Open lobby for hanging out, rooms clean but not well thought out , literally no closet overall nice and would stay again
Brunch is the best. Prime rib, king crab, shrimp cocktail, eggs Benedict, sushi, desserts, etc.
Awesome staff! Upgraded to a suite!
Could've used a Hotel GPS app for this hotel! So many twists and turns! But the very friendly, service oriented staff, tranquil lobby, beautifully maintained grounds and delicious food MORE than made up for not getting the hang of the hotel orientation until the day I checked  out! Must return!
The most amazing customer service!!! Vegan friendly - thank you!
Ceviche at SWB is a good portion, delicious & enough to share.
Another beautiful day here
Day 4 is beautiful again
Howard Stern hangs out here
This place is fantastic. Chill and zen. Not frou frou but very nice.
Ride the three story water slide! Or ride the complimentary bikes.
Gym is 24 hours and included free. Good set up. The Strat is at the end of the strip so get an $8 24-hour city bus pass gets you unlimited rides on The Deuce (doube decker bus).
Great spot in Scottsdale for a weekend getaway
Amazing!!! Bring your golf clubs because there is a nice one right next door.
Beautiful resort!
Lower service than should come with a Hyatt
I stay at this resort at least once a year.  I highly recommend  paying the extra for Regency club.  You get access to the ammenities at the spa plus club access which includes breakfast,  snacks all day,  appetizers and dessert. You can also hang out in Regency club and watch TV and play games.
Liked  Good sized rooms, awesome service, awesome town. Really enjoyed!
Romantic fantastic so much fun   great food only complaint i have was the shower.
Great place! Make sure you go eat at Sushi restaurant. Marc rules!
Beautiful hotel with a nice ambience. Live band at the lobby was very good! Worth staying at as their pools look fantastic. On our list for a staycation!
Home.
Changeee 100!
Home for the weekend!
Buffet time!
Sick chandelier!
This is a 5 star??
Happy hour starts at 3:00.
At the pool!
Last day of vacation...more fun in the sun!
We are here!!!
Some gambling and some dinner...couldn't get better!
Ready!
Better than I thought it would be. Reminds me of an upscale hotel in Mexico. A bit old, but mostly old world. Has some charm.
Quintessential 1929 Arizona resort designed by Frank Lloyd Wright. You will not be disappointed. Gets a 5 star rating all the way!
Amazing service for private events
Great staff and a kick ass deal.
Take care of everything yourself, otherwise it won't get done.
The room was very comfortable and clean.  We ate by the pool and as expected the prices were high, no surprise, but the food on a scale of 1-10 was about a 4.   Not even close to being good.
Conference food is horrible for the price. Rubber chicken every time.
We love it and soo accommodating!! Thank you!!
So far this is pretty awesome. Cindy at check-in was great, she even laughed at my bf's jokes. We got lucky and were the only ones in the jacuzzi for an hour with music playing in the background.
On 7/04 at approximately 16:00p.m., my bf was assaulted by a party of 4-5 people. If you were a witness to this, please message me. Thank you in advance.
We have actually stayed here several times over the years. They offer some amazing promotions during the off season which often includes dining discounts. Their Palm Restaurant is excellent.
Check out resort bar, nice pool tables and classy crowd. Tasty late night meals, buffalo chicken sandwich exceeded my expectations!
The rooms are a bit ratty. The staff is unhelpful and rude.
Awesome to hear and I am sure it's going to look so much better!
So beautiful at night with all the lights ^^
Very late check out on Sundays at 11:59pm :D Can still come back for a nice nap after a long day of fun!
The Richmond Ballroom was renovated and now has a very contemporary, white and elegant finish. Great for your modern styled wedding!
There is a Starbucks on-site yay :D
Very late check out on Sundays at 11:59pm :D Can still come back for a nice nap after a long day of fun!
Overall best hotel in Toronto IMO :) Must try the hot bamboo massage at their Pure Beauty Spa - Stella is fantastic!
The 2 level penthouse is gorgeous :D! Great place for staycation... right at the heart of Entertainment District in Toronto!
Loved it! Except the need to have REAL room service.
Taste of the Nation
The Phoenecian tea!!!
"Be a Man"
Circle K is an easy 5 min. walk if you need a snack or forget any basics.
Good value! Fresh rooms, great for a night or three. Smells nice.
A great place for an extended stay.  The rooms are large and fully equipped. Decent breakfast and happy hours. Beds are a little softer than I prefer but I still slept well. The staff is super friendly and helpful. Good location.
Recently remodeled and the place looks great. Nice size rooms available and a very welcoming lobby/lounge area.
Right on the strip, close to everything.  Rooms are dated but clean. Staff is friendly.  View from Ruth's Chris Steak House is great.
Great rooms and staff. Marriott always seems to get the best people.
This is a wonderful Courtyard! Big, clean rooms, free wifi and friendly staff. Marriott has outdone itself with these new look Courtyards!
Stay here for the convenient location if you go to Vegas to shop.
Oh boy! Fake trees in the rooms.
Suites w/fridges/ sml kitchenette. No cooking avail, but cute.
The airport shuttle only runs on the hour.
Clean & super friendly staff!
there is espresso
Very reasonably priced suites.
Sign up for club 1906 get a free deck of cards lol
Staff is great
Really good food and service.  Had Thanksgiving here and it was exellent.
Very slow internet here.  Like the old dial up speeds where a text email takes a while.  Needs renovation badly.
If you are a Sci Fi fan, mosey down to the gift shop and chat up concierge JK...
Beautiful place
Doing hair!
Swimming at the resort!
Laying out
Swimming!
What I call a suburb hotel. Quiet, small, usually in a business park. Nice rooms with a refrigerator. Restaurant is okay. Wine list needs work but I guess most folks eat somewhere else. But, this place could score if only it could establish an identity.
Love the hotels signature scent!
Great breakfast! Apparently they do not serve on Sundays. :( we were looking forward to it. Also I would recommend not staying on floor 3 in the west wing. We had room 378 and there was a really bad BO smell in the hallway. They tried to mask it, but the smell still lingered. Other than that it was a shirt trip we enjoyed!
Once a dump always a dump. New digs same pigs. Ha
Woo-Hoo! Fabulous place!
At Noodle Asia with Carole Marcil.
Be sure to request a first story unit if anyone in your party is less then stoked about negotiating stairs everyday. Regarding earlier reviews circa 2013ish - I believe ALL the units have been "updated" at this point (ie: flat screen tv's, paint, window treatments, new furniture, beds, appliances, etc.). Additional upgrades have begun, which include granite countertops, so far those have been completed in building 3 only.  The pools are immaculate!  The grill stations include an outdoor sink.
Must go eat at In and Out burgers while here.
Rooms have been updated, quite nice.
Front desk staff is super nice. Room is comfortable
Wedding is beautiful
Quiet, nice beds and CLEAN ! :-)
Dirty rooms, bad coffee, great staff..
The best People in the World
Great Gathering Last night Thanks to BERNIE Kevin and Joe Bardin Marvelous MC
The best environment to be. Live forever isn't just a good idea. It's a reality.
The best happening in town! !
Here for the weekend with friends. Having a great time. It's real lively and fun here.
Too tired from the flight.  In at midnight.
Friendly slots!
Check out the atrium.  It's tulip time!
Not so friendly slots for me!!
Unhappy hubby.  Stuck at a table looking at walls.  Asked for different seating but Ted we would have to wait while people behind us we seated in the center  where we wanted.
Gondolas not running at the moment!
Not sure if smoke free but better than most!
Too smoky for me !
As soon as you walk into the lobby there's a nice vanilla scent wafting throughout the area of Aria :)
Spa day!
Literally stumbled into the buffet. $50 for 8 minutes of unlisted champagne. 30 minutes to get a server though...
Regretting the MGM buffet. Proximity does not = good. New trop is great for everything but gambling.
Fantasy football drat party!
It's Ocatilla or nothing.  A club level building, separate from the rest.
Home for the next 2 nights
Reba! Kid Rock! That's all I can identify!
Dealertainers!
No casino, no bar $8 a day for parking -- the rooms better be awesome!
White, bright and clean!
The Chandelier -- living in a disco ball
Rooms are great, staff is not very attentive. I'll take WildHorse pass instead.
Cheapest 2 bedroom hotel closest to the strip, but very noisy with the airport right by
If you got a pet, and booked thur Priceline, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND you call the property FIRST BEFORE BOOKING!  They aren't forthcoming about the 84.00 charge.
Great place to stay..  Friendly staff.
Beautiful!!
Beautiful place
Breakfast buffet -decent selection
Luxurious weekend stay! And on the fianc's company!
Vegas for the weekend!
Had dinner at Proof. Service was terrible, we only saw the waitress once when she took our order. After that all we saw were food runners. The prime rib was tasteless. My salmon was under cooked and tasteless. Drinks were really expensive. We are locals, thinking it would be a  great time to spend at the " Four Seasons" . I would not recommend this place. Too many other great places in Scottsdale.
Washer and dryer are hidden, located near each casitas for hotel guests. Look for the unlabeled white doors.
Four Seasons Vegas occupies the 35th to 39th floors of Mandalay Bay. Private entrance & elevator from MB Casino.
Viva Las Vegas!
Guest room Jaccuzi Tubs are roomy for dueces!
Poolside r&r
The Jucuzzi tub and comfortable beds is why I love Trump!
Guest rooms are spaced out nicely! Foyer entrance (w/room key access) every 2 rooms.
Protein for Breakfast- New York Steak and Eggs (poached), with house style spiced hashbrowns-$20. Mixed Berries -$8. Cappuccino -$6.
Valet, or self park- $29/day
Front desk manager Jason is cool. He followed up and followed through on amenities that weren't ready; something requested at the time  reservation was booked (1.5m in advance)and confirmed prior to check-in and at check-in, day of.
All-Suite Tower
@Fitness-Ready to burn off Las Vegas. Dedication preseveres!
dont miss this one. one of the nicest ive EVER been too....
explore when you get there so you know all the different types of rooms and features for the future. i upgraded from a small standard to an amazing 1 bedroom suite with huge living room and wet bar with a patio as soon as i saw it!
Beautiful resort for a nice little get away in Troon!
Such a delicious spot and great ambiance. The food and service was outstanding!
Room is dark not fancy, reminds me Holliday inn.   They need to upgrade.
Self park as it is just a short walk and it's free.  Also watch out for the speeding cameras in Scottsdale.
Love the tram!  Makes it quick and easy to hop to most other casinos.
Wow!!  Nice room!
Back to the nice comfortable suite!  Man these rooms are nice!
Still can't get over these great rooms...
Last night, thanks for the awesome customer service and great room. This hilton is the place to stay!
Even checkout was so smooth, this Hilton does a great job all around, ad we had a huge group.
NEVER.... NEVER subject yourself to staying in this slum.
Movies!
Bed was hard and uncomfortable, otherwise beautiful rooms and nice resort and spa.
Sexy
Not as good as it used to be.
Breakfast buffet sufficient for me to make an egg scramble sandwich.  The hotel's shuttle driver's credit card swipe was broken and he did not have change. First time I ever paid a $7 tip on a $13 cab ride.
If you're a pool person, this one is small compared to the other hotels in the area. Pool located on the 38th floor.
Came for the already cracked crab legs. Yum!
I reserved a room, and when I called to cancel the 2 nights reservation, they didnt let me cancel. And charged me on my credit card with out my permision. And when I was on the phone telling  the MANAGER that i can go an cant pay, he said that they were going to charge me and he hung up on me.
Horrible manager customer service
The gym here is Amazzzing!
Damn its hot in this God forsaken desert!  Thank god for the pool!
Big winner!!!
Hope I get Mandalayed tonight!
Breakfast of Champions...
Seafood buffet time! I plan to eat 12 pounds of king crab.
Beautiful and elegant...  Even the bathrooms rock.
Steve and jessicas wedding!
It's enough to make you go back to where you came from.
Set the standard for hosting a sales summit event at a hotel. Thank you!!
Cool when you are with a company event LOL
Front office manager is too busy on the phone. I've been waiting in registration with no hi or hello. Poor customer service.
Photoshoot
MMA Xplosion
This will definitely be the last time I stay here...
It's ight if you can get a deal. Other than that, it's pretty ghetto
hmmmm
just 4 food
hmmmmm
oooohhhh
old vegas memories
boyz2men!!!
PARKING is the PITTS and We arrived 1:20 am and there are Quite LITERALLY 70 People in line to CheckIn!!!
and THIS Is WHY....I Hate Las Vegas
Dang! Elevators all shot  not workin no signage to tell you otherwise  VALET retrieval of car Took FOREVER WTH?!?!??!!!
nice lookin pool grounds
wut a crowd
sooooo NOT impressed !!
shiny like a cosmo
Beautiful hotel,pool, and hot tub. Just what my babe needed.
There is free wifi here, but the way to get the free version is if you set up your electronics at the lobby level where it is provided for people who hop from casino to casino. This wifi will still work at your rooms. Save yourself the $20 a night and do this. Put that money into drinks and not wifi!
Great Hotel.. Reasonable Price..
2/19/2014 - The wifi here is extremely slow, but other than that it has been a positive stay
Walk like an Egyptian
I went to this hotel with lot of expectations but was greatly disappointed. The rooms were smelly, the carpet was dirty and the internet was not working most of the days. Even though this hotel is at a prime location they are least bothered to take corrective actions on their shortcomings. Hope better sense prevails.
Valentines Day dinner ;-)
Health Care of the Future seminar.
Get an MVP code online and register with Hilton . Com   You will find that rate code is cheaper than AAA, etc.  (If available at particular hotels /reservations)
National Dance Competition!!
Checking in for Regional Dance Competition.
Great made-to-order breakfast, rooms & pool!
Old facility, very noisy along main streets. No AC.
About to watch my baby rip the runway in downtown Phoenix.
Me and Ebony are about to do it up.
Booking Priceline
Hot damn, paradise indeed! Such a beautiful place! That's what's up!
I'm sure I can find a good poker game here.
World Series of Poker 2011! Two years in a row for me.
Love staying here. Like a home away from home.
Watching UH game with family
Cowboy Christmas now. Great x mas gifts!
Getting ready for breakfast and a trip to Hoover Dam.
Bloody Mary time
This on hotwire/ price line was considered 3 1/2 stars. Erm ....I would say the hotel was more 2 stars but becos of a 24hr shuttle to the airport and the offer of taking me and picking me up at the asu gammage made it 3 stars for me I was there to see Donny and marie
Was here to see tears for fears with missy scott and Arlene soooo cool to see them ...thanks scott for you know what ;-) hahahha
Decent hotel but I'm seeing the osbros so its all swell :-))
Darn it !!!! I can't go on a shopping spree...nothing is on sale :-/..just as well I'm poor....:-/
Never I mean NEVER EVER NEVER stay here if u can help it NEVER the service the hotel both sucks ass !!! The hotel manager is nice but a riot of anger hotel checkins almost kicked his butt cos he didn't do what he said he would do so not only did he piss the huge group of us off he also pissed off the huge line up almost outside the door off too. Really u can sell a hotel ! Not a motel mind u with this ...
I give this place an F and not even 3 star worthy
Good hotel, management let this place go a tad.
Story behind this one.
No college students at this place
It's the small things that make the difference.  Pool closes at 10 pm and they let us swim after hours :)
I guess it's ok to stay here for one night...
No signal to check in :/
Great place to work!
Breakfast buffet rocks!
This place is awesome and great to bring friends family and everybody. Great food great atmosphere
I think this place is awesome! I keep coming back which speaks for itself! Never any complaints!
The drinks and food are really good
Overpriced but ok. Staff was friendly and attentive.
Nice hotel. Food looks interesting. Hopefully good :)
This place is gorgeous...think we are getting married here!
Reverse happy hour with really chill tunes on the patio
Top of rock has a great atmosphere the view the drinks and the dinner work in perfect harmony.
Time will tell, just finished a spring training game
Great food and view of downtown Phoenix.
A lovely view and lovely restaurant. Our waiter, Joshua, was the best!  Pricey, but worth it!
Nice city views exactly ribeye and great staff
Love this place. Incredible view!
Chicken donuts .... They sound strange but the flavor is delicious !
Pork and mac n cheese are amazing!! So friendly will def be back!! Marked as a fav!!
Great service, view and white sangria! Definite will be on my places to go.
Dessert and their salad with pears
Comfy clean and safe
Overpriced.
The pools are perfect. There is a jacuzzi off away from the rest. Keep walking past the slide and go up.
Nice way to get away and  unwind from that hard week of yelping! Yes bring on the cocktails!
Sonoran Audiovisual is next door to The Buttes for the convenience of meeting, conference and event planners.
5th floor offers best view of Arizona skyline
Le playboy filles ;)
Gett
The rooms were recently renovated, so much nicer in general.
So far, so good.
So far, so good. Rooms are nice, pool is okay w/grill. Pool hours are until 10pm. Brought our boxer dog for an extra fee. Complimentary breakfast in the morning should make it better.
Stay away from bar stored food.
The best gin and tonics can be found inside The Market Cafe. However, avoid the whiskey sours.
Great location near the airport. Not too far from Canyon Lake where you can enjoy a guided cruise on the lake.
View. Sunset view. Amazing
A total dump.
Grilled cheese throwdown!
Rage in the cage
Very nice so far...arrived 3 hours ago.
East facing end rooms are amazing!
They stock Chapstick in the bathroom! I'm already sold!
Room is beyond spectacular!!! Full kitchen, den, dining room, 2 baths, 2 60" plasmas, & a balcony to die for!!Literally, kinda scared of it!
Staycation time
Cool hotel old school my to far from everything rooms are neat
Presenting our new charity website www.chamberforgood.com if you are local and know of some charities please have them sign up it is free and all the money and items will go 100 percent to the charity
Sweet mixology class on scotch, whiskey, rye, Tenesee whiskey.
Love this place. pretty quirky but not over the top. beautiful pool
Don't be fooled by the deck pool. Broken pool and no chairs to see the city.
Parking ok in the front. I'm here and ready for my treatment. :)
They have really updated and cleaned up this place! Not the newest but definitely just the right place to gamble at a great price! Plus we get lots of comps too.
Once again their staff is super nice, attentive and helpful... Let's hope the cleanliness of the room is a leetle beet better than before (fingers crossed for no blood on the sheets)
Hyde... For free. Holler.
After hours ridiculousness..
Holler
Yep!
After party
Finally!
Sin City Club Crawl!
Wandering :)
Aaaand DONE!
Holler
Last Friday Night
Awake and can't brush my.teeth because they're boning in the bathroom.
can never go wrong with hooters...
A little slow on the service, though friendly enough. Plan extra time if you eat here. The hotel rooms are incredibly inexpensive.
Nice, long bathtubs. And water that gets very hot.
To many smokers in the casino, walk fast!!!!!
Love the pool, pitchers of deliciousness and quality service.  Thank you valley ho
One dollar roulette!
Nice hotel.  Views are awesome from the balcony of our room.
Really nice!  Watch out - it's so huge you might get lost finding your room.
It's easy to get lost in here. it's crazy how we're inside but it feels like we're outisde w/the sky paintings and lightings..
Nice rooms
Relatively close to NoDA (North Davidson art district)
Superior continental breakfast compared with hotels triple the rate.
As bean dip is hot and yummy on the salsa bar ask for a substitute on your dinner!
Had trouble getting a room booked due to using a Living Social voucher and it was from start to finish!  The bartender was horrific at the Lariat. We waited over 5 minutes to get served drinks, never asked if we wanted another round, never acknowledged or anything. We were so tempted to check out after our first night!
Fun place to day drink, relax in the hot AZ sun and kick it with friends. You can actually swim around in their pool!
Don't go!! Go to talking stick instead. It's way way way better
Bring your own pool towel, the resorts are small.  Also try the corn beef sandwich at The Hole in the Wall.  It's awesome!
Oh la la....
Vegas Baby! Get your game face on!
Back in time!
Parking on Fridays and Saturdays is a nightmare. But hotel guests have no problem
At an amazing branding seminar
Rod Stewart tonight baby!!!
Going to see Rod Stewart tonight!
Beautiful hotel! Shower heads aren't very good but the bed is comfortable and the room is clean
Amazing... Inside & out
We love this resort ...
We love the Cibola Vista
An amazing hotel...
Wow...the place to be !!!
The Culinsry Dropout Bar at the HardRock is great..
Check out the tortoise next to La Hacienda restaurant
Sign up for Marriott rewards!!!
Very spacious...seems quite clean as well.
Download the Marriott app! You can do basically everything from your phone, even check in and out.
They even have a small laundry room for those guests whom are staying here for a while, as well as a casual little dining room for the complementary breakfast, (all of which is in building A)!!!!
Really dated business suite hotel seems hardly worth the stay despite the presence of double-barreled waffle irons.
Two-bedroom suite for $139 is nothing to scoff at in North Phoenix even if the air conditioner blares all night.
The outlier of the big Strip hotels is still a worthy destination and close to the airport.
Surprisingly luxe hotel between the Cardinals stadium and a whole village of mediocre eateries.
Little staycation before chemo!  Hanging out by the pool with my Honey.
You get what you pay for, not the best but not the worst either. The inside is very smokey though be warned...
Also beware of the time share peddlers, they hunt couples down like crazy and harass you every time you walk by the main entrances
Me and my meathead friends are winning lots of money, can't wait to try out the weight room here tomorrow
Bye Phoenix! It was fun!
Only going to one of the events
A lil outdated but it's ok, friendly service
Pool is closed for repairs. (08/23)
Monthly jeweler training! :)
Monthly jeweler training!
Great Rooms and Great Prices.
Radio Disney visits Wigwam weekly. Check with resort for days.
Jason was an amazing wait staffer !!!
Fred astaire cross country dance championships
Garrett and Judy want to win a lot of money!!
Beautiful resort for relaxation, but it no longer is self contained. You need to go about 5 miles to get to the nearest nice casino:  Fiesta.
Just a place to crash out.
Got a good deal on priceline
Great location.
Do not park im the parking garage in the back where you enter the shopping area! Valet park
Kinda pricey for what you get and the on site "restaurant" stops serving food whenever business slows down, so don't count on a meal. Oh, and the bar serves beer but not wine, not sure about liquor. No movie channel on the TV. Pool was pretty and staff was friendly.
This place can go down to $90 per night sometimes through the hotels tonight app. If you DL the app, use promo code Ssaenz3 to sign up and that will get you $25 dollars off your first booking.
Rooms here are showing heavily discounted on the Hotel Tonight App!  Only $180 for a Fri night... You can get $25 additional discount if you use promo code ssaenz3 when you download the app and register to use.  App itself is free.
Great wine reception from 5-6. Nice flatbread snacks, too.
Wear flats
Pretty loud a/c unit. If you can avoid the first floor rooms because it tends to get kinda loud with people in the hallways.
The Water Slide rocks!
Golf time...
Take time and play bocce ball...it's good times.
Bocce Brew HaHa today!!  Beer for Brains!!!!
I am in love with The Wigwam. Spent an hour with Les the resort historian. Fabulous. Litchfield's is organic local. Eating at bar. So relaxing. The best.
Specials are amazing. The red door spa is the best. Spacious, relaxing and high quality practitioners.
The plants and greenery are beautiful....the smell of orange blossom is everywhere... Not many other places in AZ I'd compare it to....relaxing just standing outside....
Very well kept course.
On open table!
Digging the old fashions .
Absolutely overrated hotel, the rooms smell like pure Cat Urine!!  I do not recommend this place to anyone.  The back sliding doors have trouble locking so be sure to check it, if you decide to stay here.  Cold water in the morning time and overpriced breakfast and bar  prices This is absolutely hot garbage.  The sinks and carpet haven't been upgraded for years.  The bathtub has trouble draining water.
I love it here , wish I would never leave
Do not go here for Mother's Day brunch! Absolutely horrible!!
Kreative Kupcakes Bakery is your choice for all the events here at the WigWam, With over 24 mastered and award winning flavors to choose from we make the difference. Our Cakes are simply the best so come taste our success and be part of the family. (As seen on Food network and TLC)   701 E Western Ave Avondale AZ 85323 623-932-1611
Kreative Kupcakes Bakery is your choice for all the events here at the Hilton, With over 24 mastered and award winning flavors to choose from we make the difference. Our Cakes are simply the best so come taste our success and be part of the family. (As seen on Food network and TLC)   701 E Western Ave Avondale AZ 85323 623-932-1611
Great for couple's and families. Tennis, volleyball,  pool with water slide,  table tennis. So much to do. Shopping just minutes away. All staff was friendly.  The resort it absolutely beautiful
Get a suite...live the life
Check in early
Casino give your money away! It's awesome! Lol
New sports book is nice
Winning everyone's money
Poker is great
It's my birthday!!!
Sky suite. It's beautiful
Don't get a regular room... Might as well go someplace else.
The staff are wonderful. Very clean hotel.
Skip the Buffet
Buffet is not worth the money
I would Never stay here again.  Had an early morning so I turned in at 10:30PM.  At 1:30AM I was still awake as a Korean baseball team was wide awake and were singing and having a good time.  I switched rooms at 1:45AM and got to sleep at 2:30 and was up at. 6:30AM.  The Manager offered me a $13 credit.......   Really....$13 dollars.   Another example of Penny Smart and Pound Foolish.
Mai Thai baby
Bye Bye Luxor I will miss you
Room is very nice and clean. Indoor pool during the day and jacuzzi at night. My kids like it here. Close to stores and restaurants. As long as my kids happy thats count!!!
Friendly staff, filthy carpet in rooms though.
No working lights in the parking structure on 10/4 :-(
Long wait to check-in and not enough benches in the lobby for spouses to wait.
Worst hotel I've stayed at. I didn't realize they made hotels with rooms this small any more. No sink in the bathroom - its in the room. D-
Irish Car Bomb! Vegas!!! :)
Beautiful place!
Not very customer friendly once you start asking them to do things for you but the rooms are nice
Great hotel if only they would fix hot.tub been broke for 5 months
The flower display is gorgeous!!
Great food!!
Pool is awesome
Pool side!
With Chrissy!!
Great spot for AFP luncheon...
Gotta love Sta 1's peeps
Been here twice today
Great staycation! The rooms are nicely upgraded and the salt water pool is open until midnight
With Famil : )
They stole my money!
Get a room with a view of the fountains!  Beautiful!
Hampton Inn are always great, this one was also great.  The staff was awesome to me.
Not bad, however some of the literature you come to expect was missing or not volunteered such as when breakfast hours were.  Or how to access the wifi. That was easy but usually the questions are answered before you have to ask. Other than that the rooms and general appearance were acceptable.
Look somewhere else.
Room was dirty. Yes we checked in early, but if room isn't fully clean don't put customers in it.  Walls very thin.
$14 per device, per room, per day for WiFi. Welcome to 2005.
Happy hour!
Caesars didn't offer any sort of handicap/injured/frail assistance... So we came to IP instead.
Staff training day. Nice breakfast spread & Starbucks coffee.
This place is decent for company meetings.
Super ghetto
Is not expensive but this place had steadily gone downhill.   I would advise staying elsewhere.
Pool time
West Wing!
Great place to eat, try the Beef sandwich.
All you can eat tacos  Yum
Pretty disappointed. Didn't get the room that we booked (king size), instead we got a 2 queen that's a shared room since they have our room away! (a door in between). And the neighbors were loud!   Not to mention that we're on our honeymoon .   Front desk is aware and comp us with $100 credit worth of anything in the hotel (buffet, etc) upon check in.   Even with the comp credit - disappointed with the experience thus far. If it's any other day - fine. But it's our honeymoon.
Ask for clean sheets if checking in after 5 pm.
Check in
Don't stay here.
Part of OLD Vegas. Always good food and great deserts!
Really nice rooms.
Wrestling!
Not an Irish pub but thats what they are calling it. Bon Jovi is blasting on the speakers. Grrrrr!!!
One Pin Short, Fortunate Youth
Asian Food Festival
They should have stuck with the way that they had it. Keep the whole pirate and large skull marquis out front. Everyone loved that.
Having the buffet for breakfast
I'm all over the place
New menu!
I just paid $17 for two small bottles of water and a red solo cup of Pepsi. WTF???
Indian National Finals Rodeo!
Dodged gunfire, avoided a stabbing, just to make it in. Wonder what will happen when I leave.
Always a weird feeling coming here after people died here during the MGM fire.
Place is totally remodeled and it's a cool place to stay downtown
Cool rooms after the upgrade.
The remodel is a definite plus.
Ask Adina for some ROCKET FUEL!!!
They serve breakfast until 1pm AND they have a kids menu.
Happy Birthday Tess!  Sorry so late.
Thai Benefit event!
Shout out to the security guy that was patrolling on a bike/around the garage area. Southern  hospitality baby!
Grand Tasting time!
Bootcamp the Strip #7!
Bootcamp the Strip #8!
America's Sound show. Lobby kinda cute n cozy with billiards, bar, and games.
CIA event
Volunteer work for the boys n girls club
Yelp Cabana event
Las Vegas Film Festival fun!
Las Vegas Film Festival Day 2
LV Film Fest Day 3
Quick in and out to cash in some winning tickets
Photo shoot!
Running in Vegas!
Quick meeting
L suite baby! Congrats to Mara and Jeremy
Sake Session
KY reunion!!
MELV
Surf the Musical
Volunteering with OCA
OCA
OCA Gala!
Last Day for OCA
Wedding time
Red carpet for Simon G event. Yay
Playboy Suite baby!
Love the Studio B buffet, this hotel, and the regular pool. Great for locals and non locals.
Ready to dance cuz of the party bus lol. Time to recharge before the true party begins
Sweet Beats Ladies Night!
Getting my Purple Reign tix!
Sunset Station had it all. Bowling, restaurants, movie theaters, and rooms to stay in.
There are entrances closer to which ever amenity you are looking for. Follow the signs.
Buy Regal Movie tickets at Costco and save on each movie you watch. Join the Crown Club and earn points each time you watch a movie.
Self parking is across the street in the dirty lot.
Locals receive 25% off at the buffets.
Get their players card for free & enjoy some valuable discounts.
Get a free B Connected player card & save $5 on the buffett.
The fountains: THE BEST FREE SHOW IN VEGAS!
Every drink is Damn, delicious. Be careful.
Plan your walk from when you park to catch a fountain show without having to wait outside in the elements much.
Go many good places to eat. And such a great location on the Strip.
There is all you could look for here, and more!
A mall, restaurants, clubs, lounges, and shops if all kinds. What else would you like?
Lots of restaurants and bars to choose from.
Park at the Palms Hotel garage and walk over to Palms Place. Easy.
You'll have to do a U Turn before the Riviera to arrive at their parking structure.
The parking garage is easier to exit using the elevator.
Two new restaurants opened where the parking lot meets Stephanie Street: a Cafe Zupas and Miller's Ale House.
Freddy's Frozen Custard and Steak burgers is opening soon as the Warm Springs Road entrance.
The Great American Foodie Fest takes place April 28 til May 1, 2016. Hours: Thursday and Friday 5pm til 11 pm. Saturday 12pm til 11 pm. Sunday 12 pm til 10 pm
Decent selection of Asian food.
$1 Beer at the bar
Beware of wild animals.  Is this a casino/hotel or wildlife safari?
The Hacienda is being refurbished into the Hoover Dam Lodge. This is what the outside will look like.
When the Hacienda becomes the Hoover Dam Lodge, the interior will look like a National Park inn. This schematic is a picture of what the inside will look like.
The Hacienda is now a Dotty's property. They are turning it into the Hoover Dam Lodge.
Now owned by Comfort Inn
Sometimes I use their trail head parking lot when I hike the River Mountains Loop Trail
Has been in business since 1931. In 2013 they have $1 beer and great value at their Iron Rail Cafe.
Some refurbishment taking place this year. It will result in a larger cafe and new carpeting.
Free White Castles Noon to 6 PM if your gambling.
The cafe is gone. It is now Pizza Lotto. They do serve some comfort food at Siegal's 1941.
The Cafe is closed and will be replaced by both Claim Jumper and Cadillac Canteen & Sports Bar.
Coming Soon: Smashburger. Expected to open in June.
Big Elvis now performs in the Harrahs Piano Bar on 4 weekdays in the afternoon.
Major expansion plan that will include a 38 acre lagoon where people can paddle board,  parasail,  and jet ski on a sunny day then watch fireworks at night. The 38 acre lagoon will include sandy white beaches.
There is a new dancing water show with music at the entrance.
Rumor has it that White Castle could be opening here. This would be the first White Castle on the West Coast. Also Casino Royale is undergoing a remodel of it's Denny's and building a new Walgreens.....Source: Vegas.eater.com
Foodie Fest will take place October 18 to 20. Will include White Castle.
Complimentary shuttle to Town Square Mall. It operates between 11:05 A.M. to 8:05 P. M.
Coming to the Silverton: the First Cracker Barrel in Las Vegas
On May the 4th Be With You Day, the Silverton has an all Day Showing of the complete Star Wars anthology. Location & Time: Veil Pavilion at 6:30 AM.
Coming Soon: There will be a new shopping center with several tenants including Starbuck's and Panera Bread. The Plaza will be near the hotel. Also, there will be a new water feature by the time share building.
Subway Coming Soon near the Sports Book
At the Stratosphere you get to choose your level of fear.
Avoid the long lines for an $18 ride up the Stratosphere Tower and hop on the elevator for $0 to the 107 Lounge. During Happy Hour, $18 gets you 2 for 1 cocktails and really the exact views from the observation deck.
Complimentary shuttle from the Orlean's to Bally's at the Center Strip. The shuttle operates from 9 am to 12:30 am daily. Of course Las Vegas traffic causes some fluctuation in the schedule. You could catch the shuttle from the main entrance of the Orlean's where the alligator statues are. It takes you to the food court entrance of Bally's. Orlean's guests and Boyd card holders get priority.
Attention Keno players: From midnight to 6 am the Orlean's has a Keno special. If you buy a $25 Keno ticket you get a complimentary graveyard special at the Courtyard Cafe.
Station Casinos brought the Palms. I wonder if they will change the name to Palm's Station.
The resort fee includes use of a robe.
Electric controlled drapes.
Coming Soon: Harvest by Roy Ellamar.
In the Winter, Hershey's World will open in the front of New York-New York. It will include a giant Reeses Peanut Cup and giant Hershey Bar.
Avoid the parking garage like the plague. Due to construction at the Park and arena, there is a lane closure that causes gridlock onto Tropicana Avenue. Lol, they want to charge to park here :'-)
Getting started on a night on the Strip.
In late 2014 the Las Vegas Arena is opening south of the parking garage.
With its prime location between City Center and future The Park on the Strip with the Las Vegas Arena, it would be cool if Monte Carlo rebranded itself as The Park Resort at City Center.
Attention locals who want to escape the heat: The Monte Carlo pool complex is available to non-hotel guests for $10. It includes a wave pool, lagoon pool, lazy river, and hot tub. A signalized entrance at Frank Sinatra Drive creates easy access to locals. (Source of tip: Las Vegas Sun)
The theatre is closed for refurbishment and will reopen in the winter of 2016.
New name and rebranding expected this June. This is coming from the MGM Resorts International Chairman and CEO Jim Murren.
Parking Fees: The M Life employee informed me that parking is $20 a day. If you pay ahead on line you  pay $10 to park in the MGM owned hotels. Upon further research I see this is on event nights 4 to 11 pm.
The new name will be Park MGM.
Due to the transitioning of the rebranding all the businesses in the mall that connects the casino to the Aria are closed. This includes The Pub, Starbuck's, and yogurt concession.
New food offerings at the food court. Chipotle and Subway replacing Towers Deli. Pan is coming soon
Pub 1842 opening at Studio Walk in the Summer.
The Tap will replace the Lion Habitat.
There is a grand lineup of live entertainment performing here in this property til December 2015. Here are the concerts and shows.
Summer 2016 Concert lineup.
Pay to park update: The latest word on the paying to park policy is that on non event days at T-Mobile Arena that locals park for free after scanning their driver's license at the parking kiosk.
Johnny Rocket's is replacing the MGM Grand Food Court McDonald....... With all the MGM Resorts properties with the exception of Circus Circus, the only McDonald's on the South Strip will be at Las Vegas Boulevard and Harmon Road.
As of August 2, the food court is closed for plumbing repairs.
Parking space G6 is safe.Facing Security guard station and under security camera. Easy access to Frank Sinatra Drive.
A live Keno lounge opens January 30 (2014).
The former Original House of Pancakes is now a Kid Quest.
Coming Soon to the Food Court! Auntie Ann's and Baskin Robbins.
Coming Soon: Beer Garten. It will be nice to have a beer garden on the Main Street end of the Fremont Street Experience.
Coming soon Lucille's Bar b que
Coming in the Future: Summerlin Center Mall is being built just south of Red Rock Casino.
To walk to Downtown Summerlin from Red Rock Hotel & Casino, use the food court/ Regal exit.
Coming Soon: Starbuck's is opening in the food court.
Boyd Gaming is close to a deal to buy the Cannery.
Now you could avoid panhandlers on the sidewalk with a new escalator connection to the Harmon Road pedestrian overpass.
Rainforest Cafe opening nearby at the Harmon Avenue Shops near the pedestrian bridge.
In back of the hotel there is a meditative oasis where a stream travels through a beautifully landscaped garden spot. This is a nice spot to bring the coffee from the casino Starbuck's and relax on a swinging chair with a soundtrack of chirping birds and a stream with small waterfalls.
Closes on Monday, Feb 4. Will reopen in 2014 as a boutique resort.
In Spring 2014, Bill's will reopen as Gansevoort (source R.J.)
The volcano explodes less often than before. Here are the new hours to see the volcano.
Major talk of building a 650 foot tall observation tower wit the tallest roller coaster here. It would be called the Polercoaster.
Starbucks is coming soon on the second level near the walkway to the pool.
New Starbuck's on pool/buffet level
SMILE :) there are 4,000 cameras in the Aria. A RJ article stated that it is impossible  to walk through  the casino  without a camera capturing your face.
Coming Soon : Burger Lounge: Original grass fed burgers. It will open by the escalator steps leading to Monte Carlo and the tram.
Starbucks is opening soon in the former Silk Road Restaurant.
Coming Soon: Starbuck's by the Las Vegas Strip entrance.
Nathans and Sbarro closed. A new food court coming soon
Coming Soon! The Grand Bazaar. This will be an open- air market on The Strip. It will be a similar retail and entertainment development to Pike Place Market. Currently the area of the people mover connecting the Strip to Bally's that it is replacing is closed for construction.
Krispy Kreme doughnuts now available.
Coming Soon: Nathan's is opening at the food court.
Boyd Casinos announced they have a deal to buy Aliente. Will this become the Alienate Coast?
This is the directory and map of the Downtown Grand. It shows where cool hangouts are such as Pizza Rock and The Mob Bar.
Effective October 30, the Quad is history. Caesar's Entertainment is investing $223 million on renovating this property. It will be transformed into the Linq Hotel & Casino.
They even have a Starbucks inside the casino!!!!!!
The Big Bang Theory machine is very fun to play as well as Goldfish 3!!! Pays really well! I just won $100 today off of goldfish!
This place is 100% classy!
Brunch
Asian food festival
tattoo convention
Comp night with ash :)
Eta lounge
Buffet prices went up again but still no crab legs...boo!
Relaxation and pool time...
Relaxation time...
Great location!
Damn they still have some machines that still use coin. SWEET
Here for some Home Cookin' 2011 version
See Lon Bronson All Star Band while you can. They tear the roof off of the place
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila,  MORE!
Happy St  Paddy's Day.  LETS GET THIS PARTY STARTED!!!
Catchin the shuttle to TPC Summerlin.  Skybox here I come.
Gonna get my drink on!
place your bets ladies
Toby Keith!!!!
peter gabriel
winning!!!
The Libertine
FUN.
Bikini and bbq at the pool is catered by lucilles. Not bad for free
Boom.
You are cool at cosmo
Cruisin with my mom..
Dollah heinekens
Mom wants to gamble...hopefully she wins
Last nite with my dad guys
Playing tourist
Ready for my orientation...alrite!!!
Lookin good in here...renovated plaza hotel
Work
Family and friends day...tomorrow is the full opening..check us out...
Dinner with my dad grandma aunty uncle and roxy
Wokin till 12
Super busy tonite...glad I get to go uh game tomorrow cause goin be more busy tomorrow nite
Bowling
Friendly staff, clean and upbeat hotel
Fun local casino for play and entertainment
A bit dead on the weekend, but nice to walk around
Very contemporary, but very small compared to Aria
$3.50 draft gordon biersch draft!
Jabbawokeez
Save your money on the poker machines. I've been coming here off and on since they opened and I have never hit anything memorable.
Seeing the new show here.
Remember the Women's restrooms are to the right.  We barely could read the sign at front of the entrance and guessed wrong. Oops.
Parking $3 in garage, $5 at outdoor lot across street. Keep parking stub with you and keep receipt from any of the places you dined onsite. Stop at cashier's cage on way out and show both to cashier to get $ back.
Valet is free for hotel guests. If you are dining, attending event make sure you get your claim ticket validated otherwise it's $12.
24hr bingo and they also have a non-smoking gambling area!
Carrying 15 lb. Balls
flag fully up on memorial day weekend?  hell no
Crown, VIP
Not too busy here tonight. Good night for a hockey game.
Need credit card not debit. Never have I regretted not having a credit card lol!
Lower minimums
this las vegas icon has been condemned!
Buffet & possible gambling....what what
Frightdome ...or not
Dirt nasty!!!!!
The fountain show ends @ midnight, table minimums are high but drinks come around more often than most casinos on the strip.
Xmass buffet time!
Mmmm
Surrender? Lil jon?
Time to lose at some bingo! Haha!
Time for Hell Yeah n Volbeat baby!!!!!
Pretty bummed...they're charging for the pool this year...we sucked it up 2day but they'll b losing a lot of money from us cuz I ain't eatin drinkin gambling AND payin for pool...need to find somewhere local friendly
Having a different themed night every Wed this month. Tonight was New England Clam Bake
At the movie theater: $5 movie day on Mondays (excluding 3D, I-Max). Tuesdays $22 for 2 tickets, 2 medium soda's and a medium popcorn
Boyz II Men is an absolutely great show. High energy, great performance. Nice venue inside the Terry Fator theater. Highly recommend!!
Hampton Inn's bar and restaurant/continental breakfast were graded "A"s with zero (0) violations or demerits by SNHD during routine health inspections on 21 February 2014.
Opening date: a decade ago on 2 February 2006 C.E.
Wayne Newton got his big break in 1958 performing in the lounge. Nearly sixty years later, he will open the Las Vegas Arena on 6 April 2016 alongside The Killers.
There is a giant sign that announces "FREE PARKING"! This guy will ask you for 5$ right after driving underneath it. No validation. - E
Classic Vegas-style protest due to a labour union dispute of some sort transpiring at Golden Nugget. (Bridger side.)
It's a Fact: The Killers named their second record 'Sam's Town' after this casino.   On 6 April 2016, The Killers return to their hometown to open the Las Vegas Arena alongside Wayne Newton and Shamir.
It's a Fact: The Killers named their second record 'Sam's Town' after this casino.   On 6 April 2016, The Killers return to their hometown to open the Las Vegas Arena alongside Wayne Newton and Shamir.
As other Yelpers have already established, there is -- unfortunately -- a White Castle here. It opened in January 2015. Science help us.
Free 500,000$ American football contest "Pick the Pros" with 30,000$ guaranteed cash prizes each week.
Statistically Speaking: Monte Carlo's casino floor -- at 100,000 square feet (9300 m2) -- is only 1/21 smaller than the entire city of Monte Carlo on the French Riviera.
Free fuel: Charging stations in Venetian's parking garage allow EV drivers to park closest to lifts and to charge up for free. - E
MGM's bronze lion statue, Leo, weighs 100,000 pounds and stands at a record 45 feet tall, 70 including the pedestal.
Fun Stat: In 2014 alone, pillows were fluffed nearly eight million times.
It's a Fact: Dean Martin made his debut in Las Vegas 66 years ago [1949] alongside Jerry Lewis at Flamingo.  Jerry Lewis is actually still active, last performing in Vegas at the Southpoint Showroom.
Luxor just lost their fucking minds: 20$ parking.They raping errr'body out here tonight!
Not a good time to hail a cab from the Mandalay Bay Resort. Take the tram to Luxor or Excalibur, or just walk. You will get there sooner. - E
How am I not surprised that they have a fucking bonafide mechanical bull on property! Tourists can ride it. - E
If you do not wear hearing protection, every time, you may end up needing these assisted hearing devices they offer here. Very apropos, so I took a picture of the sign at the HOB box. - E
Coupons for free tickets to Holiday Hangover and DMB Tribute in The Sunday (27 Dec 15 edition); must be presented by 6 P.M. day of shows.
Life Is Beautiful Festival-related: Plaza puts out welcome rug for fest-goers. See attached pic. (Come try the best pizza around within thirty kilometers if not more!) - E
United Blood Services blood drive on Sunday, 15 December, and Monday, 16 December. 9A-5P. Receive 1000 Can points and two vouchers to buffet, in addition to saving lives. - E
You may want to avoid the Cosmo -- at least the pedestrian entrances -- as the Culinary has this on lockdown. All entrances including the bridge. "Vegas is a union town!" - E
Beware if you are sensitive to strong scents! You can't even walk the perimeter of this building without getting a headache from the heavily perfumed air freshener pouring out of the walls. I assume they believe anythings better than cigarette smoke. But, consider the combination! Yuck
Ever notice that cheap white Russians taste like rubbing alcohol?
This is where my dad met my mom, where I bowled for 6 years on a team and now where I come to kill some time. VERY nice for an old joint.
Fright Dome!
Dinner for 4, please.
Playing Christmas music already? It's not even Halloween yet!!!
I came to say goodbye...
Slow night at work. If you're lookin' for a hot party... Wednesday nights in September are not it. :-)
Since it won't let me check into Starlight Tattoo anymore... I'll just check in here. :-)
I really enjoy seeing movies here. Resident Evil 3D for the win!!!
I'm pretty sure this is my favorite cinema in town. Mondays for $1 candy an Tuesdays for $1 popcorn! Don't forget to get a Regal card.
I love the soundtrack here. Reminds me of 90's Mix 94.1! Nothing like blackjack AND nostalgia.
Every time v
Every time I've been here, the bartender has been rude and sometimes won't even serve me. If you like nice people, go elsewhere.
Havin' a drink and a bite before I get tattooed next door @ Starlight! Everyone here is nice today. Surprise surprise!
Graveyard specials at the cafe Coronado.
You'll always be Barberry Coast to me.
Wheel of Fortune is very unfortunate.
Internet special on room $25 plus tax.  Check out their website!
Our cabin is swank!
Prime Rib Dip.... Yum!
Midway Arcade
Hanging out with my boo & his friends.
Arcade time!!
Bday party
Steel Panther!!!
Steel Panther!!!
Catchingso rays at the pool... Super chill laid back sort of Jamacia circa 1950's vibe!! Love it!!
Bingo!!!
The weather is perfect and the view of the mountains is so pretty.
Congratulations Stan! Top five bars on Vegas . My brother.
This place is nothing short of a timeshare trap!  Be on guard!
Good gambling
Meh.
Slumming
First stop for OPC
Oxtails will be consumed
12 pm tourny let's get it
EVO  2k11 whaaaat
Buffet obV
Fml
Taxi service
Zzzz. Told the P's I'd be here.  And there eating....wtf.
BoofetBoofet
Obv I'm not at home yet.
Sketch?
Happy hour for the unhappy boy
Transpormers in tree d
Ching Ching Fest
Hrm.
Dropping off the rents...again
Trabbbles
Don't ask...
Grand Luxe
Csb
OPC stop 4
This place makes me itchy.
Guevara boys.
Ballin on a budget
Michael Jackson. Cirque
Sketchy
Dropping off Ben for a cple days..
Allllll ober begasss.... I'm tired :-(
At the.double R. One of many trips today
The double R.
Parents pitstop
Cabdrivers
Cabdrivers obV
Better late than never.
Gotta room all to myself  here. Anyone in vegas wanna chill! Lol
Time to get housed.
Ham
Csb
Csb
Fancy.
Bird watching with Gomez.
I I do it
Chillin wit Gomez and the Laos Boys. I'm still waiting for them to breakdance.
I think this is the place rob dyrdek
Cool rumor bro.
It's so cold....
Slumming it with the tourists.
I feel like a damn tourist
Valet is now $12 without validation
Awesome hotel. The renovation is classy!  Worth the money
$2 Budlight at the bars.
Very interesting environment! Be patient and enjoy!
$3.95 for 2 eggs, 2 pieces of French toast & 2 pieces of bacon!
Try a Mallow Float at the lounge.
Lindsey Stirling
Valet!
Fast and friendly check-in!
Survived the rapture
The Starbucks in the West Wing is much quieter than the other 3 at the hotel [the 4th one is at Signature Towers]
Not here to play this is strictly for business. The staff brought their A game today!
Impeccable service in every way possible is found here! Expectations exceeded!
The Longbar is pretty cool, great bartenders!
Breakfast!
This place is empty!
Pool is free for non-guests and the beef loaded nachos are killer!
Drake concert!  Heck yeah!
Absolutely dreadful service every time we come here.
Spring for the suite - you won't be disappointed!  Prettiest room I've stayed in!
This has got to be one of the most confusing parking garages ever.  Either that, or I'm a total lunkhead.  Which is equally possible.
The Vig Deli has pretty decent pizza.
If you have any other options, don't stay here.
Very busy @1:30 am
All is cool here just park at top of parking garage
Gotta love that local love!
Las Vegas Foodie Fest :)
Gourmet Food Truck Block Party!
On our way to the Chocolate & Pastry Show!
First time walking in here. Very elegant..
First time here since remodeling. Still has the same feel. Not sure if that's good lol
Visiting out-of-town friends
On our way to brunch :)
Prepare to wait at valet!
picking up my car
Bring ur players club  card
Bingo!
At the WSOP
Testing our luck...
Yo gabba gabba live!!!
Asian festival
Going to watch Air Supply
Steel Pulse!!!! Rally 'em
Steak and eggs special
It's a New York Steak sandwich kinda day!
Withdrawing Cheeee
Sports book! Papacierri has officially clocked in for the season!
Company party!
Gotta make a bet before we go! USC fight on!
Kinda little older hotel in the downtown area. PLENTY  of Hawaii people stay here tho. Feel like a little bit of home.
A small local casino if you wanna just hang out and not be with big casino crowds.
On of the off strip properties that local people come and play
Going to check out the Hershey's factory in the hotel better then going to Hershey PA?
Good place for Bingo Buffet Machines and other Restruant are coming a new Mexican Restruant called Mercadito claims they have um in Chicago NewYork  Washington DC and Philadelipha.  I game played my Wolf Run Machine and won!!!! Yay me ! When you win take you money and run with it otherwise you'll end up spending it all back in the machine.
A good local casino. Machines have been tight for anyone to win these day. When I go get promos from this casino the free gifts are pretty good from what other offer from other local casinos.
Punk Rock bowling is the best time to come. Too bad it's just once a year.
Stay in the Rush tower. It's new. Shark tank slide is great family fun.
Beautiful pool and spa facilities
Aycd with wristbands for $20 on nye from 7 till 10pm. Skip the strip!
I'm not sure if they renovated or we just never paid attention but their sportsbook is pretty sweet! Huge tvs and nice seating area!
Watch out for the shady valet. He said its for guest only but he'll put us in the special vip section since we didn't know. my bf said ok I'll c u when we get out n he said its gonna be change of shift so my bf was almost obligated to tip him. Three hrs later,he was still there! So we had to tip 2x!
They are planning to open a Pizza Rock here!! Lots of restaurants are getting shut down & they are opening new ones. Good bye China spice, terra verde!
Stayed at the room with the lake view. So breathtaking!!
The sports book shuts down btwn 430am to 5am so be aware of you're planning to bet during that time
Nick @the Bell Desk... Total pr*ck.  Lacking in customer service and rude
The lobby smells amazing! Complimentary spa water for the guests. Lots of beautiful streams with several restaurants next to it
My favorite part of the M Resort besides their pool is their super awesome scent that permeates through the entire casino! I wish I knew what it was coz it's such a soothing scent! U have to call the pool ambassador if u wanna use their pool n ur not a guest
Been here numerous times. Very laid back and best of all, local ladies over 21 are free
One of the locations for our engagement shoot! There's a beach section with white sands if you want that beachy look for your photos!
The art bar was very chic, the decor of the lobby & restaurants r def more modern/classy. By far the best looking interior for a DT hotel ! Def try pizza rock ;-)
Has an outdoor bar for drinks to go! Foozeball, beer pong, black jack and a bar all at the same space :-O connected to the quad & linq
Small parking lot available if you're lucky!
$3 drafts all day!
With @williecombs. To the spa we go!
Friday and Saturday free swipe for prizes
Celebrating Cody's b-day a lil early with a suite and a concert tonight :)
CES
Craps
Getting ready to see Weezer!
Resident Evil: Afterlife 3D
A night out with my baby. Dinner, $2 Drinks and then a movie :)
You can't beat the $2 drinks!
$2 Drinks
Happy New Year!
Getting ready to see EVE6
Suites are very nice. Will be checking out the pool later
Amazing pool atmosphere without the busy strip feel. Great poolside food too
Clean, caters to locals, plenty of things tlfor people of all ages, lots of meal options and good specials. Bowling alley & movie theater!
$1.50 Budweiser bottles all day, $2.99 breakfast specials, $9.99 Prime Rib dinner that's delicious & clean rooms w/ working AC. Pretty good!
Now this quality time with the family.... gambling with the family..
Winna winna chicken dinna
Time for them to sober up...
Late night hunger... we all know what I'm here for... ox tail soup FTW.... oh and cali club house sandwich...
Fuuu......... long line...........
Pre flight meal
Family reunion...
Buffet time... hopefully its good...
Sports book... Cmon Lakers!!!
Catching the trolley to the strip... the way to go..... no worries about traffic and parking...
Weigh in
Weigh ins
Winna winna chicken dinna
Nike town
Wtf ghetto hotel....
Goin to xs... and spend $20 for one drink...
Studio buffet
Checking out the aloha festivities!! It's coooold!!
First time here, never knew about this place...happy birthday TRYSTN :))))
Halloween festivities for Leila :)
Mom's gonna try her luck while Leila and I hit the food court--we are hungry lol!!!
Helping the economy!
Ox tail soup!
Picking up our winnings!
Wynn Buffet.... a little of everything Please
Yeay! They still have parking
Dropping the tour off
Walking the strip. Which direction am I traveling?
@ the Sportsbook for tonights football games
Junk
First rounds on Rufino.... who's in???
Yah! Broke even! However where r the drink chicks to bring me my free drinks!? Luckily, cheap drink specials at bar!
Not winning!
Sports book
$1 beers $1 hot dogs during football games sat-mon at sports book!
Sportsbook closes at 11pm but the cage takes care of the winning tickets!
Always great beer deals at the sports bar! $1 coors draft $2 blue moon draft! That can lead to a good night!
Gonna win me some money!
Super busy here on thanksgiving day!
Cool people here!
I like their Theatres
Casino next door at the Montelago is "temporary closed" and has been for at least 3 months.
Bowling, IMAX & a nice buffet, need I saw more?
First time here for dinner. Hoping for the best!
Use valet, much closer to hotel checkin & the club.
Home to Aloha Specialties Restaurant upstairs. Some of the same food for slightly more is served downstairs.
Party time is always at the El Cortez.
Place to see the WSOP.
Met many business contacts & friends here. The Pizza Place has free WiFi, good seating & TV's that show sports.
They have ice cold AC here, nice!
Cost effective for budget traveler but walls are thin & beds have almost no padding. No WiFi or Internet in rooms. Has washers & dryers.
NHL Awards red carpet event in an hour.
The food court is a nice place to meetup with friends & grab a snack before a movie at Brenden Theaters w/ IMAX.
The food court has moderately priced food items & is the gateway to Brenden Theaters.
Try the food court for a quick bite.
Park & ride the CityCenter tram here.
Good dinner for locals on Monday, Wednesday & Sunday for brunch w/ a players card. $6.99 at the buffet, salmon & unlimited beer / wine.
Going for dinner at the locals special for the buffet with players card and hotspot symbol.
It has the world's largest Benihana, like visiting Japan lol.
Paris now offers check in deals.
The food court is close to the connection to Aria & the CityCenter tram.
Good place to figure out what you want to do at CityCenter. A convenient staging area for sure.
Good place to see a show, go to a convention & it has free WiFi in the food court downstairs. It has an amazing nightclub / restaurant TAO.
Phantom's 4th Anniversary show soon.
No free WiFi here any longer.
Food court on the first floor, not the second, has open WiFi.
The restaurants are in the back. Cirque's LOVE is a fun celebration of the Beatles m
Good place to see Mystere w/ has been there for 10 years, a hip Ed Hardy-esque nightclub Christian Audigier to Gilley's a country good time!
Big coffee & beer bars.
Pyramid in Vegas is pretty cool.
MIX atop The Hotel is a fun place to party & see the city.
The Starbucks with a large amount of seating is near the entrance to Mandalay Bay Place.
The hotel is downstairs from Mandalay Bay checkin area but is totally upscale. Enjoy the fine dining too.
WiFi for visitors not staying at the hotel, need to visit the front desk to purchase a PIN, to use the service.
MIX Lounge is an awesome place to see the city.
MIX Lounge atop THEhotel is a great place to grab a drink, enjoy dinner & then the nightlife.
Get here early, there is quite the line!
Stayed here many times. Food & beverage offered as part of stay. Refrigerator is nice. Pull out beds in the couch but not too comfortable.
Stayed here
Late night food after midnight at the Coronado Cafe is a great deal in town.
Stay here if you like the luxury of an on strip property but like privacy. It charges for parking. Across from the Fashion Show Mall.
Free WiFi on the casino floor up to checkin & up to waterfall.
Free WiFi that doesn't require to authorize use first. Nice!
The Laguna Champagne bar is a great place for some bubbles.
Encore's Beach Club is amazing! Surrender Nighclub is connected too. Try out Wazuzu & Society Cafe. Definitely pricey but fresh food.
Brad Garrett Comedy Club is open for the funny. :)
WiFi all around but it costs about $11.
Where Viva Elvis by Cirque is performed.
Tram is connected in between Aria & Monte Carlo.
Unfortunately the WiFi is not complimentary, even in the lobby.
They host the annual Italian festival here along with having Hash House A Go Go.
Try Terzetto Steakhouse's appetizer called Oceana, perfect for seafood lovers.
Dinner time.
Club level is on the 20th floor. Great view of Rogers Center & CN Tower.
Here for the Johnny Smalls media food event.
Now it has suites, a huge new pool and several private areas, even during Rehab on Sundays at the other HRH pool.
Rehab pool party time.
Be sure to stay at the Tower Suite rooms, very nice & worth the deal. Concerts at The Joint are incredible!
The HRH Suite Tower rooms are so new and amazingly big, fun times! #prom
The steakhouse here is called Rare 120.
Open on Christmas!
Time to cash my paycheck and get points for doing it.
Shower is junk lol x) if you're tall anyways
Lol the lights in the hotel rooms are kind of bad, dark when you enter
Showers are not good for tall people :( I know they're trying to save water, but hard when I can't even take a shower
The last night :) thanks to
4.99 buffett -boom
$1 beer $1 dogs during all march madness
Definitely use the map they give you at checkin...this place is huge and the room numbering is odd..nice touch with the bath robes ..
Usa vs. Mex inside sams town arena
Wow...this place has an amazing view of the strip especially of the night.
One of the better station casinos.
This place is a favorite for local islanders
Spa Suites are dope. Happy birthday Jeff
Corporate challenge bowling
Xmas botanical gardens looks good in the day time
Taking out James
I love you Eman
Hi Jeff
I Am Number Four
Lunch time
Movies
Best restrooms are always in a casino haha
Avengers 3D
Watching "The Town"
Cheap movies
Avoid BJ 223, my singledeck Kung Fu is strong tonight, ur welcomed to try... Muahaha
The swing shift dealers are the best
Center bar is the only thing that's busy
Slow night
Slow as hell tonight
Mellow night
Hella slow
Town hall meeting
It's still a great place
Still kickin
Just another night
Slow
Super slow
Dead
Dead again
HR nightmare
Super Monday for me
HR issues
Free drinks
Gonna see the Bodies exhibit...hopefully I don't vomit haha
Pure night club
Audition time: show'em how it's done, SON! haha
Grand canal
If you plan on gambling, bring a lot of money.
Here for an interview not pleasure. We see what happens
Just another work day
Just another work day
Work work work
Work
Too cloudy for pool
Perfect day for the pool
Nice and mellow
A little busy for Easter Sunday
Slow day today
Slow for cinco de mayo
5-star service quality
Casino with their own dr, nice!
BJ tourney this weekend
Something big is gonna happen at the pool for Halloween
Slow day today, hella windy outside
Sunday football
Slow day
College Sunday
Football
Slow day
Renovating pit 2
Veterans day weekend
Football Sunday
Back to work
Another day another dollar
Hella nice
Don't pay extra for "good seats" at the outdoor "amphitheater".  Amphitheater is a lawn filled with plastic fold-out chairs.  Way over-rated
Don't pay extra for "good seats" at the outdoor "amphitheater".  Amphitheater is a lawn filled with plastic fold-out chairs.  Way over-rated
Don't pay extra for "good seats" at the outdoor "amphitheater".  Amphitheater is a lawn filled with plastic fold-out chairs.  Way over-rated
Chase bank people know how to Party!!
Planning a wedding here is a complete nightmare
Super hero Cynthia fixing other peoples messes. Thank u
I'm gettin married bitches!!!
Sexy getaway time
Winna!!!
Punk Rock bowling
Droppin off my baby for man weeken
Picking up Christy's ticket!!!!
Picking up my Island sistah & brutha
Dropping my son and his friend off to see LOVE. Bleh I'm jealous lol
Hangin' with Ambra'cadabra & Justin
Costume contest!!! Wish us luck :)
Don't come here if your going for a costume contest unless your dressed like a slut. Creative people aren't welcome
Gvr is a joke for Halloween unless your dressed like a skank, otherwise your business isn't welcome if your creative
The bartenders in the bowling alley are incredibly slow... Really nice but slow. I need to get my drink on kid!
I won $34 off $1.  Now eating at an awesome buffet. I love this place!  99 cent margaritas too
Breakfast buffet
Cheap lunch buffet and a free Vegas shirt
People watching at the Arc Bar
Chandelier bar here we come.
LOVE this place!!
My favorite place in the world
$3 giant beers and amazing sandwiches
Randy Travis!
Heading home
Keeping it klassy!
Yew like gam-boh?
Rooms are HUGE
X-men. Wut.
Paranormal fat burger 0-o
Owl power. O-o
Happy birthday Jeff!
Happy birthday June babies!
Bed time. Lol
Sunset Station birthday!
Ox tail soup... Yum!
Only good for one thing... Market Street Caf!  :-9  Late night dining specials!
$2 Jager, $2 Corona, $3 Red bull vodka
Look for the FREE PARKING El Cortez sign!
$5 minimum on Roulette table!
4 hrs. FREE parking with validation at Club Fitz!
It's like a party up in the village! ...good music, fun masquerade show, FREE beads, FREE mouth-pour shots! Y^_^Y
Hotel... maybe not so much. But the Casino... it's pretty darn fun up in there!
Wow... HELLA peeps up in here at this time of the hour! ...on a Monday. :-/
Smokey... needs to improve their air ventilation.
One of the better off the strip casinos. Hidden gem... just for the locals!
Free comedy show! Thanks Andy T.!
...wonder what it looked like when it was still the Hilton?
Not as glamourous... but still a decent casino.
After all these years, it's still a busy casino!
Parking lot is poorly constructed.
Parking lot smells like pee. Yuck!
Enter on Audrie St. if u wanna avoid street traffic.
Valet parking for guests only.
Cool rooms... but funky layout. Totally missed the East Tower entrance. Wth?
Buffet is prompt on closing at 9pm. Boo...
O M G fancy... two floors!  This IS luxury!
Speed Roulette!
Brazilian Jujitsu Federation grappling tournament!
$1 minimum Roulette... whoo hoo!
FREE Equifera Ice Wine tasting event! :-9
Fun gogo dancers
FREE night shows... playing every hour at the hour, until midnite.
50th floor... is suh-wee-t!
Smaller casino, but cheaper gaming minimum!
Love the Chocolate Dragon!
Oh Aria rooms... you so fancy!
I WIN at M resort! ...good deal!
Lower gambling minimum... decent hotel.
Fancy!
Pretty chandeliers! My fave hotel thus far!
The Cosmo IS the prettiest of them all!
Free to non-guests over 21 & up!
Coolest Lounge Ever!
Boddingtons on tap! :-9
I liked it better when it was Fitz. This casino takes my effin' money. Broke my wallet :'(
Checkin it out till traffic dies down
lunch buffet
Texas Buffet for dinnnnah!
schmablin, mamblin, and gamblin
Time to grub
Gamblin schmablin!
Paigow power
Paigow pusher! Gon double up!
Yeeeee
Perhaps some 3 card poker?
Wooh whoooo
Parking for FSE
Pai gow power!
Walkin thru?
Oxtail soup!
$3 craps
First time at this casino
Fish feeding
Game on
Canucks! FTW
Yawn!
Paigow
Sun coastin it
Coastin it
Sun coastin it again
Hungry
Time to have some fun
fruits
Water show
Jabbawockees show?
Time for eljaes surprise, jabbawockeez show
looking for a backpack for eljae at the jabbawockeez store
walking it off and waiting for traffic ro die down before heading back to the bay
Indoor mall with clouds above
Casino walking
Nba finals gm6
Yep here again
Casino time baby
Yes again, but time to eat this time. Yard house
Paigow power!
Movie time
Feeelin lucky!
Hah
Movie time
Late night
Wed wock
we be grubbing
hittin up the buffet
favorite casino to hit up the buffet
Casino walking
first time here...time to test my luck!
back at it
Gunna remake 21. An bring home some cash!!!!!
Small fat
Last day in Vegas
One night stay
Late checkin long line :(
Watching Absinthe- cant wait!
Oh gosh!.....I haven't been here for ages ........
Fine place !)))
Every August 4th we r here ...-))
It's time to feed the lions !!!-)))
My second home,lol or third ..;-))) kidding ..
Used to sell this place now chilling here ...-)
Chilling w/ Timeshare Guru Mike "Laydown " Maiella !..-))
With Mikie again ,having Bday drinks!-)))
I love that place ;-) ...my second home lol
Timeshare done right !..-)))
Great place,like the pool ,easy to park !!!.. -)
Cooling off ...;-))
I feel lucky !!!!....-))))
Cheap breakfast. Line is long!
Lit concert!
Rooms are motel 6 status
Very nice!
Comfortable beds. Smells like crap in front of the hotel
Ever hear the saying, if you don't have anything nice to say then don't say anything at all? Well im just not going to write a review
Just not writing a review then
Best nights sleep ever!
Back at the Stratosphere! Ahh sooo many memories
Dump
Finally I got a moment with cell service! @ Lit concert :)
With my Britard! Gonna dance our asses off
Waiting for all the bikers
Having brunch with the parental unit. :)
Gary allan
Monikas favorite place
Hahahaha
Never win a dime here... Go to the Wynn
Cosmic bowling
Bowling
The Gardens are a nice thing to look at.
Nice lazy river and big pool!
Buffet Dinner!! :) maybe play a little. :)
A lot of Memories here...
1st stop...  :)
Gorgeous Casino...
Just wanted to get out for a bit...  :)
Checkin out the Pure Aloha Festival. :)
Last hurrah!!!!!
Lunch w/ Mahal. :)
The Casino is/are doing some Major Changes on the Casino Floor...Be Careful, don't Trip on anything like I did & almost fall! :(
This is where we ended up.  :)
Minor Curfew is in Effect...18 and Under- 9pm in this Casino! Unless Accompanied by Adult!
Starting in Mid to Late December 2016, Caesars Entertainment will start The Paid Parking Program. The 8 Other Caesars Owned Properties will Start the Paid Parking Program like MGM Properties in 2017...Local Residents are Free with Drivers Licence!
$5 Movie Day every Tuesday!
Installing New Carpeting...Watch your Step!! :)
Starting Point...seeing all the freaks come out tonite
2nd Casino. ;)
Yep, They're gonna charge for parking come Early 2017. Guests who book prior to Jan. 2nd will not be charged for self-parking, but will have to pay for valet parking. Rewards Members on Sterling Status or higher will remain Complimentary  along with Motorcycles. Parking will cost $7 up to 4 hours & $10 for up to 24 hours. Valet Rate starts at $13 for 4 Hours & Anything up to 24 Hours is $18! Call for more Details!
Friday Night is Seafood Night...with Players Card $19.99, w/out $24.99!
major construction! as a result delays...delays!!
B'fast with mom and dad... can't beat these cheap eats and drinks included.
Joe tonight
Bowling with tybo
Fun times for people that don't gamble!
B'fast with Pops.
Taking mom to her fave bingo spot
Bingo
Starbucks in the rotunda... oh my!
Food truck fest... and lots of Vegas heat.
Kpop ticket
Gun show with Torrance
Expensive Bowling bruh!
Bowling bruh, then gotta get milk for baby Tristan!
Halfway through the shift! Haven't checked in somewhere in forevers!
Lemme get points for being here ahha
Gaysianville. "They keep the culture alive." Lol
Ahh.. my first home..
M'Fckin' ABR x Silverstein! and El Paso in June.
Fast five again. Lol
Bday bingo!!!
Buffet is par. Love the Station Casino staff.
This domicile away from home is comfortable and affordable!! ALWAYS treated right!
Last day and night in Vegas this year. Have to cash in my keno tickets here at the SUNSET
A favorite for us. Try Billy Bob's...
Nice, nice, and very, very nice!!!!!!!
We often stay here! Great pool area, great service!
Oldest hotel in Vegas. We stopped here in the late fifties.
I see folks with mullets. Time warp!!
More like Hawaii Hotel LOL ;)
Pizza Place at the Wynn has free WiFi. Pizza is ok.
Those who split tens deserve to lose.
Wow so crowded...so this where every one is.
If you play "not to lose" you will never win.  Have a success mindset or don't play.  Enjoy an excellent pia colada either way.
Get a mojito when you're at the tables.
Level 4 is the casino bridge from the parking structure.
Mandalay Hotel Registration: improve your check-in process by setting the bar higher than the DMV. 35 minutes isn't average for a line of 3.
The lower level valet is a less congested drop off area.
The best parking for the East Tower is the 215 parking structure (along the 215 freeway)
The Feast Buffet has a separate and shorter line for hotel guests.
Don't split 10's at the blackjack table...long term you will lose.
The easy self parking is THE most thoughtful design on the strip.   A+ for attention to guest experience details.
Good table minimums today.
You split 10's and stay on a 16 vs a dealer's 10...and you lost? Thanks for donating to the local economy.
Free WiFi in your room and complimentary breakfast.
Players Club giveaway is a red white and blue M tote bag.
The staff is consistently friendly.
It's Mardi Gras
The springtime weather's perfect
Brunch before 10am to avoid lines. 
The WiFi is strong with this one.
It's 105 son!
Has a fat burger, and a movie theater, what else do I need
Cafe has a veggie burger
Classic vegas casino with plenty hidden gems inside
Untill jan 8th they have an outside skaterink
My uncle wanted to play bingo so I played with him, won the 2ND chance coverall won $250 Woohoo!
Late night Oxtail soup.
Late night grub
I work in 6 hours what am I still doing here? LOL. Suite party!
Skip this place! Go to Vegas! This place is boring for my 83 year old mother!
Sooo laid back. Very peaceful here
Painful check in
A funky place to get low!
Look at the bingo winners!
Good drink service while playing slots. Just the way it should be.
Pancakes and eggs Benedict !  Excellent. Great service!
IMAX @ Regal
OMG it is NASCAR weekend
I luv hotel staying! So far sunset is way nicer than boulder, and so far I've gotten about the same days for just $5 more a day.
Going to see Led Zepagain. :)
Joshua on the night shift (i checked in at 2am) is sooooo cute and very helpful. :) otherwise it is very 2 star. I give it a "meh".
Staind and Chevelle tonite
The Oyster Bar is awesome!
The buffet wasnt very good tonight. Good thing I hit 4 aces with a 3 kicker ;)
A perrenial fave
Won $20. Yay.
Thank GOD for kids quest!!!
The gift shop here has CUTE clothes. Shhhh!
Eerily similar to the other station casinos...
Picking up out of town guests. Hoo- ray.
Fireworks watching
No matter how often we see the lught show, my kids love it :)
Going to see bernie.  Looked funny.
Working a gig
Working
Working a gig at the top of the eiffel tower!
The gambling isnt very hot here tonight :/
Drawing caricatures for a dental convention. I hope its not like pulling teeth....
Playing tourist for a couple of days. Hooray!
Working a psychic gig tonite. Wish me luck!
Seeing peter gabriel!
The entrance on the side was closed. Made it really difficult to get to my gig on time.
Job at a convention here. What a beautiful hotel!!
Gig tonight drawing caricatures at The Joint
BINGO
The king suites are decent size to entertain ten or so. Maid staff friendly, don't forget to leave them a room tip.
Slots a little tight, couldn't get a beverage but you can't beat the $6 steak.
Last chance....screw them. Don't give a crap about guests...off to MGM where the acknowledge out existence
Blue moon on tap, top shelf 'ritas
Money won is twice as sweet...
Seeing Chicago tonight
Sadly we discovered the horse race game/slot machine is gone. Hopefully to return all shined up after the renovations are complete
clean uncrowded quiet....so why do I play blackjack during the week,... barleys here I come
Place a little smoky today. Came for toy show, kinda small, not too busy. Meeting and convention space is nice at south point.
Still ticked at the casino but the laugh factory is one of the best in town...but not tonight
Kenny Loggins concert
Foreigner still rocks.
Danm, this cafe has way too many choices.
four pm lunch at the earl of sandwich in the palms
The crue
Nos EXPO.  Free stuff
Sunday Funday!
Just donated to the Nevada Education Fund!
What do you call having a 16oz. Prime Rib @ 10:45am? Lunch b4 work!
Yummy Steak & Lobster Special!
Will try our luck here!
Here with the wife!
Just working COUTURE Jewely Show!
Working this jewerly show, guest performer Tiao Cruz is performing tonite on stage by the pool.
I'm here (working) watching other people work (do nothing) by observing there actions for this trade show.
apa pool players!
On the top floor of the Penthouse looking over the Las Vegas Strip.
Just chilin' in the Penthouse looking over the strip. Oops, I mean I'm working.
This place is packed!
Working VIP backstage for The Motley Cre and Poison concert!
Back in the Palace Towers!
Here on the 3rd floor of the convention looking over the Venus "Pure" Pool. Wow! It's a topless pool! Great view from here!
3rd night & 3 to go for this thought spot trade show. Casino floor has a lot of Eye Candy!
$6.99 all you can eat tacos!
Hard to figure out entrance to their amphitheater. Then, you walk in and there is no signage for where Will Call is at. So,we finally find it. I try to give some feedback to clerk and she says, well, there are signs. Ugh. Not from where we came on from! Not sure I'll come back here for concerts. :(
Tears For Fears- Horray for the 80s
Here to see Tears for Fears under the moonlight tonite.  Go big 80's!
Getting my gamble on!
Simply beautiful!!!
Great place for sports bets
Gambling! :) wish me luck!
$1 beers and dogs during football season. The steakhouse is phenomenal: get the flash fried peppers! Italian and Mexican places are good too!
By policy, Four Seasons is not allowed to recirculate cash money. Get change next time you're in because you'll get crisp clean uncirculated bills!
Hanging out with my mom playing some slots.
1.00 beer and hotdogs for football nights :)
Getting ready to ride the roller coaster.
Great eats and gambling!!
Seeing don rickles tonight
Book your room online and get good promotions such as the $75 food credit. MGM has the best pool in town. The spa is great and the staff is the best in las Vegas.
The buffet for brunch is great
Buffet is good and inexpensive. Great crab legs on Fridays
here to see guns n roses
Starbucks inside has super nice (and chatty) baristas, but much higher than normal prices.
Great grub! Get the specials!
Come see Santa in the Mystic Falls area. The decorations rock!
All by my elf! Don't wannabe, all by my elf, anymore...
Very colorful, really pretty inside!
Glass of meh wine = $9.75. Why?
Excellent catering. Incredible food and service.
Very clean, night desk gal was very sweet. Teeny rooms. Reserve early or find discount. $55 a night is a bit much for a simple place to crash, IMO.
Not as busy as it once was.
Y
Having Xmas dinner with friends.
$9.99 Sunday brunch!
Park in the back. You'll be close to the lanes.
Boo! Long line at feast buffet...we didn't wait around either - wasn't worth it! Don't come here....casino is smokey and old. Junk!!! :-p
Be ready for a nice locals mostly casino with lots of tourist trying to win big.
I hear they got a replica of the first phone in Las Vegas here.
Blue nan group
Good restaurant here, The salt lick mmm good ol fashion bbq
Fix ur wifi issues please I had to sit by the window the whole time to get some service. But then again it might have been because of that I busy 4th of July weekend
Nice to check out the memoroblia.
Sam Riddle brings country to Vegas!
Great place for the money!
Great escape if you want an alternate to the typical Vegas scene.
Great hotel. Staff was very nice.
Very clean and friendly staff, but small rooms.  I could barely open the in-room refrigerator door.
Security guards are so friendly here!!
Bingo!!!!!  First bingo in 10months!
Italian food!!!  A favorite place!
Bingo!!
Breakfast and bingo!!!
APA conference!!!!
APA mini mania!!!!!
Trip to top of the Eiffel Tower.  Sign price for family $32. Plus tax and other fees $45
Come early.
Bring money and an appreciation for BBW
Quick and easy to deposit to ultimate poker but their computer was a little slow.
$29 through radio shoppers show. Took me a while to find and wish I hadn't. Probably because of using the coupon but the room I got was filled with bugs or something bc I had things tingling all over me when I sat on both beds and the couch. Had to leave after five minutes. Good $29 lesson.
Friendly service all around. Cute place and room is much cleaner than Stratosphere. They also allowed for early check in at noon when I called. Great, cheap place to crash.
Cops everywhere. At least ten cars. Parking lot 3 closed.
Plenty of free rooms and offers if you give the machines a little action. Front desk always helpful, as I consistently lose my keys. Thumbs up for Newcastle drafts! Thumbs down for the VP machines!
Paid more for a room with a better view, but were told our room is correct (with a glamorous view of the parking lot lol)
Crushed for nearly four dimes, but in good spirits. A good number of the dealers here are really inept at dealing stud8.
First thing in morning; playing 100-200. Hopefully insanity pays off
Refused to comp wifi. We barely used it too.  Glad to be moving to new room today.
Wifi included in the resort fee, but if you are diamond or better, you will get the resort fee waived, but will be charged $15/day or whatever if you connect to the wifi. Basically fucked one way or the other if you want to use wifi. Front desk usually moves like molasses late at night and not too bright to help with any real issues.
$4.99 for 24hrs of wifi up to 1mb. Front desk was very helpful and friendly.
Wifi is now included in the resort fee and you can link it up to as many as three devices. Favorite place to stay in Vegas, since I loathe the strip. Full of locals with tons of decent and solid options for food relatively close. No flash here; simple, quiet and away from all the noise.
Room sucks. Had to pay an extra 70 in resort fees, all of which have nothing useful and stuck here for four nights fml.
Bit by bed bugs on my foot last night here. Standard. Fml.
Self parking to room in Octavius tower is a mile and a half lol
Comforter way too thick and warm even with ac on full blast. Hard to sleep and what's with all the dark lighting in the rooms. Ridiculous.
Great place to stay right behind Sunset Station and you won't have to pay the ridiculous resort fees. Parking lot is small and if you medicate out there, be sure to tell the front desk on your way in or they will wrongly accuse you of smoking in the room. Einsteins.
In the middle of transient heaven on the Boulder highway, but rooms are huge & spacious. Decent breakfast for a hotel and complimentary cookies by the front desk. Rooms can get ice cold too. That's a very good thing for people like me.
Make sure you get a players card if you want a discount on the buffet.
No jacuzzi just large pool.
Oyster Bar is delicious. Try the lunch special
Eat the Pan Roast at this Oyster Bar if you don't want to wait at Palace Station. It's a tad bit off compared to theirs but it gets the job done
Money money money
Joined other Niner fans at the Club Madrid
Busy with wagers on NCAA basketball games
Madrid Room viewing World Cup live
Favorite neighborhood casino
83 F this evening
Are ready for March Madness ?
Yu-go is watching the b-ball game and I'm working the slots. Hee hee.
Yu-go is certainly a very happy camper !
Yu-go is watching the PHX Suns V. GSW. I'm exercising the slots
It's windy and cool outside... nice inside the casino
Now it's raining buffaloes too !
Paramutual wagering is here and very alive
Pretty quiet in the a sports bet room
Quiet in Sports Betting
Wear a jacket... it's cold outside. GS vs MEM game six
Very stale air in the casino
golden state warriors win wcf
very quiet in sports betting
Fairly busy in the casino while the Oyster Bar is a full house
Niners strike first 3-0 v. Cowboys
Holiday Gift Set giveaway each Sunday before Thanksgiving.  Just earn 300 points with the Rewards Card. Keep the points and start collecting.
Hot dogs for $1 in the Racing Sports Betting room.
Very quiet tonight at Racing & Sports Betting.
Casino ran out of Patron give aways and substituted with bottle of off brand wines. Not exactly a fair trade off. That's okay since I'm  winning more than the Patron is valued.
Entertaining and rewarding last evening
Buffalo themed slot games are very popular this one in particular was loose and generously paying.
Lady Luck is with me this evening.
Could rain ... are you a gambler?
Dead, dead, dead ... tonight
Yu-go is a Golden State Warriors fan from way back when they were once called the Philadelphia Warriors.
Race & Sports Book ... $1 hotdogs
Race & Sports Book:  Big cheering section for Golden State Warriors
Very vocal bettors ... excitement in the air
Race and Sports Book is half full on this Memorial holiday. Yu-go has TNT plus NBA TV in his grasp and view.
Upgrading the overhead screens in Race & Sports Book
Grand prize was 2016 BMW 3 series, with nearly 9k entries my player's  number never came close to being called. Met someone who had been a Station's player's member for 39 years and has never had her number called in a giveaway  prize drawing. Talk about tough luck.
Yu-go was very lucky this Sunday evening to conclude Station Casino's 40th Anniversary Month Long Celebration
Racing & Sports Book ... all new TV monitors throughout.   Great HD resolution.
The lunch box special is $6.99. The $10 gets you $20 coupon does not apply.
If you gamble here you will typically receive in the monthly mailer a $10 Gets You $20 coupon
Can't  go wrong with the House Etouffee and Shrimp Louie Salad
Bread sticks comes with marinara and alfredo dipping sauce ... irresistibly yummy
Calamari fritti deep fried pepperpocini ... excellent !
Veal piccata ... very tangy and tender. Would order again.
Orange Roughy in egg batter. Excellent portion with broccoli rabe.Very filling and tasty.
Slot machines don't cough up anything. Heading out.
A Station Casino that's closest to home but furthest from my mind. When they gutted Baja Beach Cafe, it broke my heart forever.
One of the few casinos that still plays and pays with real coin
Hawaiian junkets brings thousands to Las Vegas.  Here's their flight schedule. Their passage includes all meals, hotel rooms plus air transportation. It's a heck of a deal.
Didn't realize the "Show in The Sky" last show was sometime in March 2013.  Several retailers on the mail floor had closed with brown wraping paper haphazardly taped to the windows. Deferred maintenance is very obvious throughout the premises.  $39 ROOM RATES. CHECK HOTEL WEBSITE..  My first visit was some 20 years ago and then the tvs in the suites were awful.  Five years ago I stayed in a corner suite and said this place was like in a time warp.
Water show accompanied by contemporary sensational Bruno Mars music.
One driver's license per parked vehicle at their garage. Plus it's no longer totally free.
I love the Twin Dragons..
Give aways everyday during the holidays. What's the catch ?  Minimum earned 1000 base points per diem. Points are not taken from your account for the give aways. They're just extra gifts for playing.
Offered daliy gifts for playing at this casino. The more you play the more extravagant the gifts. Does not take away points you have earned for the day.
Race & Sports book is like a library
Race & Sports Book ... biggest NBA game oh the year
Station Casinos celebrates its 40th anniversary throughout July with giveaways, cash rewards, points rewards and restaurant credits.
Started out 40 years ago as Bingo Palace on Sahara west of HWY 15.
This is for the Cafe Bar in the lobby of the hotel. It is more for drinks than for the food. Had the Daily special which offered choice of soup or salad, opted for the salad and fish (cod) and chips instead of flank steak. Salad 3.2/5 saving grace was the basalmic vinegar dressing. Too much of the frisee greens.
Fish and chips from the Cafe Bar in the lobby. Flavorless fish (cod) and tasteless french fries. How could french fries not taste like french fries? If it weren't for the tasty tartar sauce totally not worth ordering. 1.9/5
Sheraton Club floor is located on the 37th floor and only 3 of the 6 elevators go to that floor. Club level access is now only for Platinum Starwood Rewards members.
Breakfast on the Club level now offers one food well tray of hot food. This replaced the hard boiled eggs.
During the evening hours, desserts on the Club level is only available 2 days of the week.
Access to the Club Level is monitored by an attendant. You must provide your name and room number.
This arachnid looks pretty cool contrasted against the sky from the 37th floor..
Sheraton Montreal Airport, Room 510. Use to be a Marriott. Typical room crammed full of furniture. Drapery is shabby. Bed though as always comfy. 3/5
Sheraton Montreal Airport. Room 510 walk in shower. Not a tub in shower feature. Love it. 5/5
Sheraton Montreal Airport. Complimentary airport shuttle schedule. Great feature available to guests.
Martin Nivea @ M Pavilion
Martin Nievera @ M Pavilion.  Martin is the consummate entertainer. He has an excellent voice range and can sing any style of music. Classical, Broadway, Rock  and Roll, Hip Hop you name it he can sing it!
Winner of 2011 Norway's Got Talent performance to inaugurate the Montelago Events Center formerly the Casino Montelago
All music was composed, orchestrated and performed by Bogdan Ota
Bogdan Ota presents REVELATIONS
Bogdan Ota with the Henderson Symphony Orchestra conducted by Maestro Geoff Neuman. Music is  New Age which can be appreciated by both the young and old.
Perfect place for breakfast
Great local casino
Free cake and champagne until 8pm
Dinner with momma
They close at 9 ! Not ten
Best place for sports bets in Vegas. It's a bit smokey tho
Apparently LVH is under new ownership. It will now be called West Gate Las Vegas Resort & Casino.
Free buffet for veterans and one guest on Veterans Day.
Pretty smoky but great odds and great meals!
Great place great people great food!
First day here. Like it so far.
I used the pool and the fitness center. The fitness center( 24 hours) was nice. It had the traditional treadmill and free weights.  The pool was nice. It opens at 10 am but closes at 6pm. The staff isn't too friendly.  Front desk assistant was rude when needed a late check out. He said he had to charge for a full day because we needed a 4 pm checkout. Mind you we checked in at 6pm when we got to henderson. So not very accommodating. The room service was great . The food was so so.
Hit up the oyster bar
$1 beer
Nice rooms and they have a amazing pool! :)
The staff is super friendly and helpful.  We absolutely love the stay well rooms. ;)
Love love looove MGM.
We stay at sunset station hotel, the hotel is very clean, the room is clean, but their is no safe box in the room, and when we went to the pool they didn't have enough chairs. All the chairs were taken. Unfortunately I will not stay here again.(first time and last).
If you're student interviewing at Touro University Nevada, I highly recommend this place! It's close, and serves all your recreational needs!
They have a kids day care!!!!! My vacation just got better
Magic Mike Live will start in March 2017. Tickets are all sold out until April . http://magicmikelivelasvegas.com
Super friendly staff and loose slots. Try the buffet, you get a discount with a boarding pass. If you don't have a players card, sign up. You get free slot play if your a new member.
Staff is friendly, you get a discount for two at the buffet if you have a players card. If you don't have one sign up, you get free slot play if you become a new member.
Good for ladies to watch the game in the Club. All the men are crowded in the sports book. The Club is open with bigger better tvs! Thats where im at! Seahawks all the way!
Very nice sportsbook
Uber picks up and drops off at Sunset Station! Free $30 Uber rider credit by downloading Uber app on your smartphone and using code DF7NX
Uber picks up and drops off at TX Station! Free $30 rider credit by downloading Uber app on your smartphone and using code DF7NX
Download Uber app, use code DF7NX for a free $30 rider credit!
Uber is running now! Free $30 credit when you download Uber app on your phone and use code DF7NX.  Or visit www.uber.com/invite/df7nx
Download Uber app and use code DF7NX for a free $30 credit! Uber is now operating downtown!
Uber picks up and drops off at Rio! Free $30 Uber rider credit when you download Uber app and use code DF7NX
Free $30 Uber rider credit, use code DF7NX
Download Uber app, use code DF7NX, get $30 rider credit! Uber is finally here in LV!
Free $30 Uber rider credit when you download Uber app on your smartphone and use code DF7NX
Use Uber on the strip by setting the location pin outside the no go zone and wait for a driver to accept, call driver with updated address and meet at valet or parking garage. Use code DF7NX for a free $30 Uber rider credit!
Uber picks up and drops off at the Tuscany! Free $30 rider credit by downloading Uber app and using code DF7NX
Uber picks up and drops off at the Silverton! Download Uber app and use code DF7NX for a FREE $30 rider credit!
Download Uber, use code DF7NX... Get free $30 Uber rider credit
If you need a free ride and are a first time Uber user... Use code DF7NX and get  a ride up to $30. Uber picks up/drops off at Suncoast!
Free Uber ride up to $30:  www.uber.com/invite/df7nx
Need a ride? Uber picks up and drops off at Orleans! Download Uber on your smartphone and use code DF7NX for a free $30 rider credit!
Download Uber, use code DF7NX, get free $30 rider credit, share with friends.
Uber picks up and drops off at The Palms!/Free $30 rider credit when you download Uber app on your smartphone and use code DF7NX
Uber is up and running in LV now! Free $30 rider credit by downloading Uber app and using code DF7NX
To use Uber on the strip: Download Uber app, use code DF7NX, set pin outside strip area and request driver, call driver upon acceptance with address, meet in valet or parking garage. Free $30: DF7NX
Uber is finally here! Free $30 rider credit when you download Uber app on your smartphone and use code DF7NX
Uber is up and running in Las Vegas! Free $30 rider credit by downloading Uber app and using code DF7NX
Free $30 Uber rider credit...download Uber app and use code DF7NX
Uber! Use it! Download Uber app and use code DF7NX for a free $30 rider credit!
To use Uber at MGM, download app, UAE code DF7NX, set location pin to address outside strip zone and wait for driver to accept, call driver with MGM address then meet at valet or parking garage! You're welcome. Uber code: DF7NX
Uber is up and running in LV! Download Uber app on your smartphone and use code DF7NX for a free $30 rider credit!
Uber is finally here! Download Uber app on your smartphone and use code DF7NX for a free $30 rider credit!
Need a ride? Free $30 Uber rider credit by downloading Uber app and using code DF7NX
Uber picks up and drops off at GVR! Download the app and use code DF7NX for a FREE $30 rider credit!
Free Uber ride: download Uber app, use code DF7NX for free $30 rider credit!
Free $30 rider credit on Uber when you download Uber app on your smartphone and use code DF7NX
For a free Uber ride up to $30, visit www.uber.com/invite/df7nx or download the Uber app on your phone and use code DF7NX
Uber picks up and drops off at Red Rock! use code DF7NX for a free ride up to $30!
Free $30 Uber rider credit when you download Uber app and use code DF7NX
Use Uber on the strip by setting location pin outside strip area and wait for a driver to accept. Once accepted, call driver with hotel address and meet in valet or parking garage! Free$30 Uber rider credit, use code DF7NX
Uber picks up and drips off at South Point! Free $30 rider credit. Download Uber app and use code DF7NX. Thank me later.
Uber is here! Free $30 Uber rider credit when you download Uber app on your smartphone and use code DF7NX
Free $30 Uber rider credit when you download Uber app and use code DF7NX
Download Uber app and use code DF7NX for a free $30 Uber credit!
Uber picks up and drops off at JW Marriot! Free $30 Uber rider credit by downloading Uber on your smartphone and using code DF7NX
Free $30 Uber rider credit when you download Uber app on your smartphone and use code DF7NX
Free $30 Uber rider credit! Use code DF7NX
Uber is finally here! Download Uber app on your smartphone and use code DF7NX for a free $30 rider credit! Better than a cab!
Free Uber ride up to $30. Download Uber app on your phone. Use code DF7NX. Uber picks up and drops off at Elements.
Free $30 Uber ride: www.uber.com/invite/df7nx
Uber is up and running in LV! Free $30/rider credit by downloading Uber app and using code DF7NX
Uber picks up and drops off at Vdara! Call driver after you request! Download Uber app and use code DF7NX for free $30/rider credit!
Download Uber app, use code DF7NX, receive $30 rider credit! Set pin outside strip and call driver with address and meet at valet! Uber easy!
Uber picks up and drops off at M! Free $30 Uber rider credit by downloading Uber on your smartphone  and using code DF7NX
Don't stay here! You will hate it.
Uber up and running in LV now! Free $30 rider credit by downloading Uber app and using code DF7NX
To use Uber on the strip, set pin outside strip area, wait for driver to accept, call driver with new address, meet at valet or parking garage. Use code DF7NX to get free $30 when you download Uber!
Stuck and need a ride? Uber is now in Vegas. Download Uber to your smartphone and use code DF7NX for a free tide up to $30!
Free Uber ride up to $30:  www.uber.com/invite/df7nx
Use Uber! Free $30 rider credit when you download Uber app and use code DF7NX
Don't gamble here! $3 blackjack is a trap.
Free $30 Uber rider credit in LV by downloading Uber app and using code DF7NX
Free $30 Uber rider credit by downloading Uber app and using code DF7NX
First time Uber riders get a free ride up to $30! Download the Uber app on your smartphone and enter code DF7NX or visit www.uber.com/invite/df7nx
Uber is finally here in Las Vegas! Download Uber app on your smartphone and use code DF7NX for a free $30 rider credit!
Run...run fast and far away
Excellent buffet with great service. Super inexpensive for 9.99$ per person.
Couldn't even get a drink, the ladies that take drink orders ignored me when I tried to get their attention, I even called for service on my machine, someone came and said they will send a lady over. lady walked right past me for the 3rd time. After an hour, and 100$ gone, I got a station casino boarding pass and left. Smh guess those snooty b*tches didn't want any tips today
I like this casino, the layout, and variety of games. Always have decent luck here on slots.
The parking garage is a nightmare! Beware. Upstairs has cool old school slots and 24hr diner.
Some family from out of town stayed here last week. Said their room was old and dirty. Check in took nearly 2 hours on a Sunday night. Rude employees too.
Sign up for players card member and get $5 off, but only two adult discounts per card totall.
UMMM WTF...Would you feel safe while your sleeping?
Do not sit at the counter in the cafe, even if alone--absolutely no service thanks to apathetic staff.
Expedia has a cheaper rate than the hotel.
Asked for non smoking room, they will upgrade if non smoking room is not available.
What a great family friendly hotel our kids had a blast!
Great for locals!
Worst Stations Casino! After $1000 bucks, you would think you could get one bonus!!
Not worth the waste of money! Games don't pay
Buffet is reasonable as long as you get a gaming card! $8.00 all you can eat!
Affordable and appears to be clean.
Cheap place and the food is so so...
just live this casino.  my favorite place out of all the other casinos around.
@movies with wifey
Special rates at $44.95/nt midweek specials.
Joanne at the front desk was not very welcoming
A decent upgrade finally in the form of a parlor suite.
Friends in town
Shoe shine time!
It's a place to lay your head down at night
Great bowling center!
All I have to say is Oxtail!
$5 buffet
Pure Aloha! Come support Live Inspired & 9th Life!
Asian Food Festival
air supply for the star performer award. thanks st. Rose.
Bringing the fam around the town!
Having a few and loving it!
I can't even remember my birthday lol
Bingo with my dad!
last BINGO with my dad before his flight
Bets are in!
Dads here! His request is steak and eggs :)
Bingo!
All you can drink wine.  The good life!
Dinner with Jenn! :)
Medco Holiday Party :)
Chasing the New Years luck
Stay cation!
Watching The Peelers live!!
It's a gamble!
Since I didn't buy a freakin lottery ticket...
Summer Jam
Hitting this Badass Dash!
Obama stayed here on January 25, 2012... He said he "loved it!"
Check in takes a few but all is good.
Walk in to the left is the registration desk. Nice to not have to walk thru the hotel
Nice cozy modern room and pool area.. We are love here
:)))
Go see the hangover! Hilarious!!!
Cars 2!
beer fest :)
well just for a min ;)
birthday drinks :)
yeay I love surprises!
11 o'clock! Oxtail Time! Yummy!
Ox tail..yum!
Movie nite! Breaking Dawn it is!!! =)
Checkin' out Pure Aloha
HR dept...
Cruzin' w/ da fam bam
About to get our drink on!!!
Been awhile since I been here...
Casino hoppin' =)
The Fresh Beat Band!
Dr's visit
1st time here @ the pool
1st time here!
You have to valet so make sure you have some cash!
The drinks at the pool are really good and not crazy expensive...anywhere from 7 to 10 for mixed :)
Get all kinds of free stuff including free rooms right now on your coupon book!
They now have Bath and Body Works shampoo, conditioner and cream in the rooms. We had coconut line veena. Yum!
No self parking.... Valet only
Park on the second level... It is the casino level so no waiting for elevators. :)
First time here
You are here
love sams town!
I'm a regular!
You are here
Here again
Causin trouble
Gotta do it..
Making the magic happen
777
Magic tome
Up to no good
I know there's a bar in here somewhere..
So pretty here
You are here
Looking for Liberace!
You are here
Parking now
Craps Bitches !!
If you have family in patient at sunrise hospital they will give you a room discount ..
Old school by the pool !
Rihanna Navy !!!
Bowlin !
Final destination 5 !!
Epicurean event
Price is Right !!!
Don't book a package that includes concert tickets...showed up and was denied the tickets they said were included.
Gourmet Food Truck Party....no Provencal Chicken from Ludo..
No shade folks....cover up and bring an umbrella .....the ONE tent is packed...nowhere to sit....not good....not a good day to bring kids....they're getting restless......HOT IN HERRRE!!!!
Best remedy for the heat? Snow Ono's Tiger Blood with snow cap and popping boba!...15-20 minute wait....CHEEEHOOOO!!!
Comp Tix for Carlos Mencia....;)
Winner was Darth Maul .....Slave Leia winner was the DUDE!?!?
Free parking for today's service  (Grace  Bible  Church )
Provencal Chicken from Ludo, Reindeer Dog from Biker Jim, and Duck Bao from Chairman .....try 'em!!!
Third times the charm....We got a WINNER!!! Congrats to Khatherine our hostess!!!!...:)
6 day work week, 3rd week straight....need some Sapporo and Sushi after this!!!
tgif!!!!!
Hump Day.....Lessssssgoooo!!!!!
Hump Day .....
Its friday....WHO'S TERSTY!!!!!
Back 2 the grind....lemme guess?...Macarons???
Is it Kaba O' Clock yet????????
Almos pau......;)
Quiero ir a mi casa.......:)
Very small casino...already smells smokey and official grand opening is DECEMBER 3RD...Food selections here are pretty much similar to what can be found in Chinatown, priced a bit higher
Tea Garden is across the casino nextvto the lobby and pool
Friendly staff in casino area.  Lots of cocktail girls going around to get drink orders.  Buffet not good like how it used to be.
Sin city sinners!!
Steel panther!!
Getting me some gospel!!!
Breakfast
For the last time!! :(
Next
It is what it is...
Wedding time!!
The sportsbook here is like a graveyard...
Bowling
Bowling yet again
Bowling con mi mama y mi Abuelita!
Bowling
Bowling with mi ma!
Bowling con mi mama
WSOP final table
Bring goggles and a waterproof jacket if you plan on being downwind during the show.
Sign up for their card, they're always giving free food during the holidays. Thanksgiving, Xmas, valentines, and a few other ones.
Always feel like I'm back home here :)
Finding that casinos are a decent place to study, don't ask why.
Undergoing renovation, gorgeous new look. Aloha specialties closed for renovations, find their food at market street cafe on the 1st floor. Parking garage is $7 now.
HIC Hawaiian island creations sale on the second floor, this weekend only! Till 11/27/16
Saturdays 4-8pm - $19.99 Polynesian buffet!
They need to open up a night spot like Whiskey again! Gvr my fave station casino.
Found good parking under bridge or fwy whatever it is.
Pretty lights...
Gavin degraw concert at the pool!!!! Yaaaaaaaaah!
Playing tourist ;)
Happy birthday Cristina!
The suite is pretty nice here ;)
Didn't know they had a convention center. Now I know.
Horrible service. We found dirty towels and a bottle in the trash. They forgot to clean the room once. Longer lines. No gym. No Starbucks.
Horrible service. Rude employees. Dirty rooms.
Grape expectations Bacchus Awards!
One of the best of station casinos
Boys and girls club annual auction! Great times at a great place.
Oxtail broda!
Aloha Breakfast special bra! Only at da Cal
New
Now go!
Try the monster burger!!!!
Happy Birthday to the Riv! April 20,1955-2015. Death Rattle is coming May 4th.
My distant 2nd fav casino is moving up quickly. Extremely clean, great layout. Looser slots and more staff on swing and its #1 for me.
Cool to see and Play the Walking Dead interactive machine. You will likely get killed but worth giving it a shot.
Time to turn in Palms Chips or they will be worthless unless they are collectors chips.
Nice rooms but paper thin walls.
AVOID!!!!  Bait and switch for the rooms. Booked a  NS penthouse suite 2 days ago with confirmation number. Received 2 bedroom suite w 2 queen not 1 king. It is a smoking room too. Fuck this place.
At Malibu Bar with Lyle the Lip.
With Vinnie and Gi Jeremy at the Malibu Bar. Talking Parlays and playing poker.
Always great service and something for everyone. A lesser known gem in the city.
Even though it's far south strip, the great drink prices, friendly employees and perfect food selection and sports book make it worth the drive.
Just read $2 drinks ENDS tomorrow! October 12. I can finally play in peace on Fridays without dirtbags leaning over me. Bitter sweet.
Please invest in a filtration system! Smelling horse crap and hay does not stimulate my appetite when eating in the cafe. #Fail
The T-1000 sculptures are still my favorite decoration in Aria.
Hipsters celebrate the New Year at 11:59pm before anyone else is into it. #HipsterCentral #BankruptSoon
I have that old time religion where you never cross a picket  line.
Friendly bartenders and servers.  They have 4-7 happy hour for wells and house wines.
They now accept Bitcoins! Major props. Golden Gate does too. Downtown is getting better by the day.
Valet for the Grand is on Stewart just before 4th.
Great show Le Reve!!
The best break fast buffet in town!!
Lets try this.
I only go here from time to time for the buffet. Their breakfast buffet is the best.
If you reserve a booth for two, you will probably be sharing with another couple.
This is a dump...
Plan to take at least an hour to get out of the poorly designed parking garage after a concert here!
Love that they have an after hours club :)
flaminGOOOO!!
They've got a grill and picnic tables by their pool!
They make a really good Maker's Markarita here, one of the best I've ever had! Not a normal menu item though so YMMV... Mike was our server tonight, definitely a five stars guy!
Food was dry as the vegas desert today...
Do not try to redeem your yelp check-in offer for a complimentary beer or house wine because the bar and front desk will have no idea what the offer is. Service overall blows. Completely.
Amy is the nicest slot ambassador! Made us new players cards and gave us some playing cards for fun
Fun spot at the LINQ to play some Beer Pong
Ask for a Stoplight martini from Leonard at the bar...yum!
The new "pay parking" system is a complete cluster "F-", if its a busy night prepare to wait!
Food truck fest
$2.00 drinks on Fridays
Rock the shamrock
Every 3rd Thursday is Yappy Hour for the doggies. 6 pm-9pm
On an mission from Jen.
One of my favorite All in 1 local casinos. Great restaurants, movie theater,  bowling alley, shows, & graveyard specials. What more could you ask for!?!
SLS is now officially opened to the public August 23rd
Gorgeous stonework in the bath!
Thursday open mic night.
Friday night old school pool party.
Lion Habitat
Beautiful sight seeing us dressed all in white getting ready to have a great time.
Coaches clinic
Waiting for the volcano show !
9th island up in this piece
Low low show
Midsummer Nights Dream Masquerade Ball!
Visit me at the pool!
Going to the buffet! Too bad I don't have a pink parking pass...
Bingo.., man I feel old
In case you were wondering... There are 2 pay phone banks at the Bellagio!!!
Looking for the pay phone bank!
The rooms are amazing! Love the view of the Bellagio fountains!
Love this hotel!
Great place for a little stay-cation in Vegas! Close to everything...
Going to see Total Recall. Prices are higher here than Sams Town Casino.  On top
Heading in for the Starbucks coffee, and to watch "Eclipse".
Tip your bellmen well, they'll take care of you.
I recommend Crossings, at Aria. A beautiful, wonderful joint with awesome food.
Another deliciuos lunch at Aria's Crossings.
When eating at Crossings, I highly recommend the banana cream pie. Awesomeness.
The chicken breast at Crossing is delicious!
On today's menu: chicken, dry salad, a banana, and coffee.
The salmon patties at the Crossings are delicious!
The salmon is delicious today!
The coffee is superb at The Crossing! Highly recommend!
It's always a comfortable, welcoming atmosphere at the Crossings. That's why I love dinning there.
The staff is always smiling, very warm at the Crossings.
My fave spot to have lunch is at Aria's Crossings! Awesome food!
About to enjoy the "Joe Tristan specialty grubbing salad". Exclusive at the Crossings.
The Crossings is a place where everyone knows my name.
Going for the JT-Q salad today.
Lunch time!
Having lunch with my beautiful wife. Life is good.
So ready for another Rogue Status lunch!
It's been a while.
At "The Crossings". I need coffee!
Kind of old and run down.
The restaurant service is sloooooow waited for too long for waiter and then drinks. Don't come here in a hurry.
Very nice themed decor.  Prices were a pleasant surprise.  Watch for review after the food arrives!
Typical buffet.  Food is usually better than most buffets.  Well worth the cost.
Fun n food... what a combo...
Fiesta buffet now has signs indicating where people in scooters or wheelchairs can charge their batteries.  Good on you Fiesta!
Still looks like the Hilton to me
Rey told us that Cantor parking is for Valet. Parked at Westwood Hotel, oh-well.
Not n2 hooters, where's the Ke
Food is okay. Not n2 hooters(Retraction: all sizes are good). Where's J. LO's (casino) at???
Give aways
Bingo!!!!
Movie date w/ Danna: Bridesmade. Thanks Groupon!
@ a Nick Cave lecture.  Fashionably late how appropriate!  Awesome lecture!
Well, hello, Wanda!!!!  Mrs. Wanda wore tights!  Only her & Sarah McLachlan can pass this off!
Saw dude Scott from that Kardasian show.He short too, oh-well! Wanda!!!!
Limitless(secret is medication) & Lincoln Lawyer (Mc Conaughey with wrinkles- sexy, Tomei with wrinkles-sexier....;)
Not so crowded.
Ron's Steak house is new here?!food took awhile. Will not be coming back.
Glad they had iron & ironing board.
Sideswipe Live from House Seats!!
B I N G O !
Dropped Rayline back and gonna play some bingo since we had to come back.
Tweekers
Came to pick up my gold card
We made our own tailgate!! Hot dogs and beer are a buck each! Btw...I'm not drinking!! Lol
Cheap prime rib dinner time!!
Going to the World Series of Poker.
Beautiful resort!
Checked in. Time to drink and gamble my savings away!! :)
Saving the best for last.
Best resort in Vegas.
Time to play some poker!
Gondola ride... Romantic!!
Time for some relaxation away from the strip.
Checking in to my suite. Beautiful resort!
Love Aria. One of my favorites!
Checking in!!!
Newest Vegas hotel. Classy!!
Back at the hotel for dinner.  Go warriors 17-0
Jersey Boys!
here for craigy my Son....
Going to Sleep...
Checking on our Reservations...
Checking in... last night up here!
Anothee memory making night with good friends...
Waiting to Exhale....
Gonna nap before tonights adventure..
Happy Halloween
Gonna check out a Friend..
I had a great time nye, but I wish they did something about that smell. I hate that weird perfume smell used to cover the smoke. Lol
Palms did an excellent job redesigning the sports book area. The screens are HD with super clear vision.
Enjoying a Tanquery 10 Martini at the Paris Bar.
The suite at Mandalay is ok, for a hotel. Having over 5,000 rooms don't expect 5 star service.
Hilton Flamingo is a  botique and luxurious condo Located next to the Flamingo Lagoon in Las Vegas.
Enjoying a day on the Strip. HGVC Flamingo is the best hidden jewel on the strip.
What a great place sports book area. The length of the sports book is about 100 yards and with over 16, 80" screens and 4 120" screens.
Bj tables are crowded
Yay blackjack!
Walk from parking garage to hotel room is far
Beef jerkey
Pretty empty tonight
Time to gamble
Let's win!
Pyramid casino
Nice now
Biker convention going on...
They comp well
Nice casino
Valet your car!
Love it!
Note to self: Bouchon bakery closes early on Sundays. Sad day.
Bouchon!
Full of 'photographers' here today
Coffee time
Looking for something fun this Tuesday
When eating in a hotel room, everything can be used as a napkin.
Before buying, figure in annual maintenance costs, finance charge, exchange fees, and frequency of your vacations. Remember this does not include airfare. Not all BG properties look like Club 36 & RCI exchanges can be difficult.
Very quite
Paid for a king size bed non smoking room. Got two beds and a smoking bed instead. :(
This place has a garden that rivals Bellagio!
This place has great security!
This place is so huge! You're gonna get lost.
As of today (8/22/16) they still offer complimentary valet! Take it while you can get it!
Free parking for hotel guests. $5 weekends,otherwise $3 cash only - reimbursed at cage w $5 purchase or 50pts on players card
$5 for parking? Wtf they're lucky grandma wants omiyage and can't walk far
Ask concierge or front desk for water show schedule if you're there for a specific song
Weezer! Weezer!
Box office moved from casino level to 2nd floor convention area
Garage off Paradise seems always closed - use the west garage off Las Vegas Blvd
Bulalo time.
The AMC Experience with Kat, kids and brother in law
With Kat
Pshhh you dont wanna see me on tha dem dice
Fast food court
V
Can I live!!!!
Jagerbombs!
Yeah its a poker night
Waaaaaccck
Free porn lol
Asian festival....let's get it poppin
System is thaaaaa shyyt
Outdoor gandalas are not outdoor! Lol
Trap
Got that work
Grubbn
Grind-ing
Grind time
Grind season
Everyday id say!
Once a day
Good work
Get it in again? uggh yessir
Woooo 108 degrees
Times2
X2
4 more days
Easy bread
Time to eat good
Sessions
Hah one mo time
Hotel hoppin
Sessions
Always
ugggggh
Grown man shit
Can't sleep
Back to tha trap
If palazzo valet is full use barneys!
Browsen
Get mah Cruz on
Get it in
Time on
Get it innnn
Grind on
Barneys ain't crackin wow
Coughen up a lung!!!
Trapn
Back at it.
They callen it a trap
Ok really! They need to get that fake ass tarp off this fake ass casino!! Build the damn shit.
Pockets are peekn
Back to it suckas
You know it :)
Here we go again!
Time to get it in!
Of course again! Put in that good work
You Get mah hustle
Get it
For mah stalkers :)
Jump st
Quick bet
Ugggh
We on top
In the circle at luckys
Merry christmas!!
Mermaids yay
Love the drinks
Just ate at the Carnegie yumm
Birthdays are a blessing Bcoz if it want for that I wouldn't B here.Either way Seafood night is 20bucks a head so Heads up.
My first time stay here at the m hotel so clean love it the staff whom work front desk so nice an professional the only thing sucks here was the pool bar I waited in line forever for the drinks noone take my order feel like they ignored me so I went insde the hotel bar to order it in stead service was much faster  and didnt got ignored.The buffet was awesome and service was excellent and so hash house to go go
The last 2 time I was here they charged me to get in and I am local  but I was shocked that yesterday they didnt charged me   to get in to pool was curious found out all ladies are for free now through out the summer sweeet im telling all my girlfriends to come here very cleaned pools and great for kids ..
First time in MY life standing inline for a buffet  this could prove entertaining !
Week 7 Steelers and Raiders
Jun 15, Giants and Tigers. Cash that ticket. 7-2 this week.
Closed
With my sister wives, Laurel and Whitney.
All the food at the carving station looks fantastic!
I was surprised that the restrooms were so clean! And the tip. Not the best buffet in the Stations chain. Try Boulder or Sunset for the price. If you like finer fare then hit up Red Rock or GVR buffets. Enjoy!
Wow! These are gr8 times we are in. Less than a week after Obama land slide victory.  The LGBT community has claimed the fiesta buffet as their own. Great times!
Weekly rates, but ask for hourly rates.
The place to go if you have kids in tow. Rates 1 on hedonism scale of 1-10. A pretty old hotel with a good steak house. No really it's good. Anyway the tip. Skip the buffet here. Your in Vegas splurge a bit. Enjoy!
If you are from Omaha welcome to the strip! Your frugality has rewarded you with a stay in the armpit of Las Vegas. Your location is nestled among the old has been resorts of yesterday and the stalled skeletons of abandoned resorts of today. Yes the tip. $39.99 Sunday - Thursday. Enjoy!
Hell hole!!!
The best buffet in Las Vegas hands down!
Gunshot was a bust!
Pure tip: Need a hotel extremely close to the airport? Well this is it. From your room you can probably see the runway you landed on and as a bonus you get all of the sweet sounds that being so close has to offer. And the hotel. Yeah its a La Quinta so expect Triple A 4 diamonds. Enjoy!
Favorite hotel/casino on the strip.
How is the Rv rental? I search for Rv rental and their ad pops up on Yelp :(
Locals price!!!!
The Democratic presidential debate is at Wynn now! CNN Headquarter!
Nice! Flowers!
FBLA reception!
YoGabbaGabba concert for the kids...fun times
Love this hotel!! Plus we got the coolest casino host...concert tickets, UFC, beach, suites, etc-she makes it happen for us.
One of the better LV local casinos.
great locals casino. Movies, food, game room,The District next door,The Pond or Drop bar for drinks & all of this w/out the LV Strip crowd.
Time to check out sportsbook...
Smells good when you walk in...vanilla-ish.
depositing $20 ha!
watching the gaaaaame!
Locals beware: there is a $250/night "no party fee" that will be reimbursed a few days after check out. Super inconvenient!!
Parking sucks so bad here!!!!
If you're at the pool, just go up to the bar and order drinks. The cocktail servers take FOREVER!! Seriously, get your s**t together girls!!
Quiet, clean, and close to lots of restaurants.
My first day in Vegas begins with breakfast with my hubby.
Taking a romantic walk at the bellagio.
Pizza delivery!
Austin's Steakhouse is bomb!!!
UFC117!
Going to the movies.
Stop #2...
Los Lobos opening for Eric Clapton!
First stop off the C-Line!
George Wallace... I'm scared
Gorgeous!!!
Stop four. I can see the PH!!!
Capriotti's and Inception.
Stop #5????
The 75cent hot dog by the sports book is a great deal
We stayed in a comped suite here last night . Getting ready for breakfast.
Happy hour at twin creeks. !!
Yeah great casino
$39 is way cheaper than a DUI!
This hotel smells terrible.  Not just the rooms.  The entire downstairs has a gross smell to it.
Only one night here.
This hotel is amazing!
What a dump. Hello we spent lots of money in the casino and they want to charge $110 per night when hotels.com is $32 WTF. I'll take my ass home in a cab and never come back again.
Rooftop pool!
Shot of patron, 3 vodka tonics and a coke for $17
Vegas Streats festival till 3am. Food trucks, dj's and apparel. $2 beer.
Sean Bennett in the house. In spirit.
5C
5% coin max, 3% better than grocery store. And they have cocktails.
Lazy River
Lazy river
If you ever wondered where strippers work when they retire, it's here.
Very stylish rooms, nice gym but no pool yet...
Dress code enforced on Friday and Saturday nights for the lounge.
It's free for local ladies, but $10 for local guys.
I can win it all back I swear... Loan me $20?
Love the theater here. They sell ice cream and pastries.
Streats Festival!
Matsuri!!
Gun show!
Fantastic menu. They have pata negra!
Its lunch time ;) Earl of Sandwich has the VERY BEST hot sandwiches and their tomato soup is delicious! Mmm....
Cars 2 with my girls was awesome!! Ka-chow!!
$23 for a beer and two vodka tonics, does this place think they are the Cosmo? Complete dump!
Oh God Why..
Layover...
Visiting friends.. Staycation in the works.
Body Shots you say?
Reggae Festival
The night continues...
Let the party begin...
Ahhh skip it !
Looks clean
Lost money .... Whyyyyyyyy !!!!
Yup ! Las Vegas ..... Nuff said...
Vegas Baby !!!
Vegas
Buffet here I come !!!
Sundays, when everyone leaves Vegas is the busiest time. Don't count on being able to find a seat.
First time here, so far so good. Very nice girl at check-in. Very pleasant and welcoming, Rebecca Guzman, thank you
Checked in, went all the way to our room. He didn't give us a room key. Not looking to great yet!
Super excited! Anniversary staycation!!
Staycation, with my hubby. So far so good. Francis at check-in was super friendly and helpful.
Johnny Walker Blue 10 dollars on there all day happy hour!!
Bday stay cation! So far everyone's been very friendly!
I can't wait to write a review on this place. I have been feeling so skeptical about this place because of the reviews and the fact that their website kind of makes you think all rooms have a big tub, but when you actually call it's not guaranteed. My experience has been awesome! I'll explain in the review.
They are jamming outside by the pool! Apparently it's Polynesian Night!
Not too sure what is going on came to have a happy hour drink. Looks a little lame. Maybe due to a private event that is ending.
Ok I'm back having a ravens wood zin 5.00 on happy hour
Doing my photography assignment.
Closing party Noon to 3 pm on Sunday April 14.
Sunset Stampede laser light show is worth a look. Slightly cheesy but oh so unique!
April 16 fireworks at 9 pm for 10th anniversary!
Beautiful property and locals friendly! Great variety of restaurants & some with Happy Hours.
Rachel's Kitchen now open here!
Opening Nov. 19 at 4 pm
Awesome drink servers to go along with A+ Video Poker.
The beat kept secret for locals!
Fun!
Great atmosphere
Really great hotel!
Best customer service!
Nice and swanky
Good food
Opens Labor Day weekend.
Simply love this locals casino,
Great night
Boo! This place is definitely pretending.  It's been a long time since I left the a casino because the bartender sucked so bad.
Well drinks $2.  I can't think of any other reason 2B here.
Don't come here to play bingo with friends....the staff tells us this is a 'quiet place' where conversations should 'be kept to a minimum'.
Good times! The D is stepping up and out making fun times in downtown savvy but never pretentious! Special love to Auntuan at Long Bar and Erin-Flairin, such a great staff!
Word on the street is the strawberry sweet n sour chicken is amazing.  For vegetarians, I dig the mushroom tofu.  Careful of the jalepeno black beans--HOT!
Jeff Civillio's show cancelled weeks ago & they are still advertising it.  Wake up people!
Park in the new convention garage!  Easy & convenient.  The contractor f'd up where the columns are though lol you'll see.
Specifically speaking of the spa today, Turkey Burger always moist!  Ivan massage, Niki facials, Jenelle hair is my spa beauty regiment.
Bet by IPT machine, over the phone or on your mobile!  Excellent comps!
Best people, like family!  2nd best sports lines.
New screens & the IPT love the pit bosses!
Like Mika the spa hostess she's the bomb!
Free parking til end of the year for locals.  I hope longer please extend especially for loyal ones!
Love the meat & cheese board w/ wine!  Perfect while taking a short break & watching sports!
Do not get the free wine while gambling, u less you want a tummy ache or don't care lol.  It's horrible!  Vadage.  Restaurants look good for next time!
You should always quit when you're up! Continuing to play will result in loss of winnings... IMO. LOL!
24 hours sportsbook
I've always had good luck at the Grease slot machine. :-)
Getting our midway on
Very nice locals hotel.   Come for the bingo and stay for the Lucille's.
Lots of parking in the back.  Wait times vary wildly and can be long @ meal times
Jorge's bday party!
This is the best free suite I've ever stayed at.
It's checked into our TWO penthouses.
Old School by the Pool was cool. But The LVH has gone down hill big time! (Used to be The Las Vegas Hilton). Trashy...Won't be going back.
It's quicker to walk outside by parking lot than going through casino.
City corner suite has windows around the entire room! My absolute favorite room in vegas :)
If you can't grab a spot in their small parking lot, don't leave your car parked in the street meters thinking you're good from 8pm- 8am. They have daily street cleaning from 3-5:30am -_-
I requested a wine bottle opener from room service w/ our food & they told us to call front desk. Front desk tried to tell us that they had only ONE bottle opener and they lent it to a room & they haven't given it back.  ARE YOU SERIOUS? THEY THEN TOLD US TO BRING OUR BOTTLE TO THE BAR DOWNSTAIRS FOR THEM TO OPEN IT THEN WALK BACK UP TO OUR ROOM. WHAT?!?!
WOW. Dropped off a friend that was staying here for 1 night and I am shocked at how DIRTY  and run down it looks. Horrible layout and parking, got lost a few times & I love how they only renovated some parts and then you see old parts of imperial palace mixed in. NEVER staying here EVER. Seriously shocked at how this is on the strip.
Excalibur has a very distinctive smell.
I'm always here and this hotel is a great place to stay! Great hospitality
This hotel has amazing hospitality service!
If you donate blood regularly you can earn points on your players club card.
Nevada Democratic Party
Where are all the cocktail waitresses? Hardly seen one the whole time I have been here...
Come for the people-watching and nice folks, stay for the $9.99 Steak and Lobster Tail special!
Can't beat the prices here. $1 Miller lite bottles, $2 Bud lite bottles and $2.25 for a bottle of Leinenkugel's Grapefruit Shandy!
Woooot!
The falls are kinda cool!!
Here to see my girl Hadiza. She is the best bartender at the Luxor!
I work AND play here :)
Here for an event. One of my all-time favorite casinos. The valet service was prime! :)
Worst cell phone reception on the strip
5 Hour Energy - $5.95 each at the store downstairs. Everywhere else, it's $2.50-$2.95.
Stinks in here
Happy new years
Hitting up the ox tail soup...
Chili and rice the last meal in Vegas....
Oxtail is pretty good!
One my favorite spot to watch NBA playoffs.
Checking out the weigh ins
My fav casino. I met my wife here. I love you.
Just checking out the fish!
Happy birthday Kayla!
Picking up tickets...
If you can somehow get M life gold or higher, free valet/regular parking, even after this year.
Best $1 Margarita. Nice and strong.
Free iCade
Takes about 30 minutes to get your car from valet. Not even busy.
Having dinner at Mi Casa Cantina.
They have a Steak 'n Shake!
After Hours!
Study break !
Round dos.
Straight from Cali to my 2nd home..
You know how we do! :)
Crown theater good nightclub!!! Yea
irish pub is a cool hang out!!!
bingo!!!!! :)
4.99 steak and eggs after midnight... Always good
Fun fun
First time here. With the home Ian!
Getting me beef jerky!!!!
Helping Simply Hawaiian set up their booth for Pure Aloha!!!! Happening this weekend October 6-9!
Rack n Roll!!
Let's see how the show stacks up.....
Jabbawockeez!
Gamble then eat then gamble then eat than gamble then eat than gamble and then eat then leave.
Awesome food and great concerts
Best place to see a concert in Las Vegas
Double my paycheck!
Drank.
They are ripping everyone off. Only VIP 2 tickets on sale but the advertised areas aren't available to stand in. BULL SHIT.
Seeing Crash Test Cody with FSW
Visiting Kooks.
Happy Birthday Jeff :)
Orientation. I'm excited and nervous at the same time.
Second week of work, woo! :)
I can't believe it's been a month working here. :)
4 to closing.
Working from 10 to 5pm.
2pm-closing.
1 to closing.
Happy Memorial Day! :)
Here too early. Working from 8am to 6pm.
3 to closing.
Early dinner for
Happy Birthday Casey and Momo! :)
Day 2. happy bday nathaly!
Ice skating and Christmas pictures with the fam :)
Happy Birthday Kuya Mac Mac!
Visiting my friend Tayler from Jersey! :)
Happy Birthday Jon Jon! :)
Around 2.
This huge sports book is sooooo busy!!! No seats to be found and a lot of people standing!! That's a definite love for football and gambling
Looking for the restroom??? Just follow the sign that says "Les Toilettes". It's very confusing when intoxicated.
Billboard Awards red carpet is in the production parking lot. Justin Bieber sighted!!!!!
Koi after hours lounge $20 cover for ladies includes open bar
The new HRH tower is amazing!!!
Fast five!
I love my hollyboo :)
Getting crispy with good company lol
Pretty foncee for downtown!
$5 roulette!
Food truck fest!
Happenin spot on a sat night!
@ the poker room..about to get this tournament started
@ the poker room...cheering on hubby this time. My seat caught poop all night.
Nuggets...
Grub n sports...
I wuz here
TCL meeting in progress...
Bring your player's card for discounts at the buffet!
Paranormal Activity @ 11:15pm
region 6 bball tourney!
midway games + water rides with fam!
Business meeting with Mr. Tony Patrell! Our business and company changes lives!
First business meeting of the year! 2012 is OURS!
Working my career 9-5, and my fortunes 5-9!
Masterminds of success!
Future business owners meet here every 7pm! see u next week?
doing MAJOR things here! u're gonna wish u were here if u're not!
check out what I do here at www.greatlegalbenefit.com!
Back to the business grind!!! Check out www.greatworkplan.com for a glimpse of what I have fun doing!
super saturday!!
The Wood in Las Vegas with the groom to be and the groomsmen!
$1.00 bowling!
I hate the Strip's traffic!
performing hula for a grad party
BEST LOCALS HOTEL & RESORT! bowling games $1.25 on mondays! doesn't include shoes though.
Bowling practice!
post hike grubbin
Bowling with the HB x LV fam!
Extra crowded!
Staycation
The Sitter with Jonah Hill!
Famry banding!
Handling business with the rest of the future millionaires of LegalShield!
This is where physiques are looked it if u're an employee.
Sweating my ass off outside. Promoter swag!
Love their daybeds!
King's Room next to GayLord's Indian Cuisine in The Rio All-Suites Hotel & Casino
@ The Irish Pub n The Masquerade Village....HaleAmanO Ripping It Right Now!!!
HaleAmanO Live & The Irish Pub!!! No Cover!!!  Goin Down Now!!!
Las Vegas Arthritis Walk
Battle of the Desert 4...Full Muay Thai Rulez
Jimmy Cliff Live Tomorrow Night @ SoundWaves PoolSide Stage with One Pin Short...Get Ur Tix Now @ Hard Rock Hotel Box Office or TicketMaster.com
Laser lights and snow in the atrium!!
50% off for locals with a players club for the month of November!!
Self parking closed so we were forced to valet ugh
Oliver the concierge brightened my day with free ciel spa toiletries since ciel is no longer here and I was looking for the spa stuff!
$4.95 steggsss!! Cant go wrong with that!
I love the oyster bar there. That gumbo soup, Im drawing a blank on its name is amazing!
My niece and nephew love their shark tank slide.
One of the most tranquil and relaxing pools in town.
Talk about kid friendly pool :)
Charged parking coming June 2016
24/7 happy hourS
Martin Nivera was at Hostile Grape!
Cosmo rink is open :)  Firepit smores on deck!
Favorite coconut water: ZICO!
Love their sliders! Pork belly lettuce wraps are bomb, too!
Locals can get in with Identity card M-Th :)
Summer16
Parking lot elevators are slow AF. Better off walking down/up stairwells.
Great dance floor! Beautiful outside patio! Amazing decor! Fun place to come after hours with friends!
If you are trying to relax this may not be the place for you. Party in the room next door kept me up with loud noises and the smell of fish.
Was charged $250 for smoking in a room that I had requested to be a smoking. Believed I was in a non smoking room.  They charge this without notification.
Manager called me sir and mam several times during the same conversation when calling to discuss charges I had not authorized. Service is questionable.
This casino is part of a scam that gives out free rooms. The minute you ask for a smoking room they book you in non smoking and charge you $250 deep cleaning.
Sex and the City = fave
First time here.....
Nice place, the roof top pool is awesome!!!
Cool place to hang out!!!
Halloween party!!!!!
Aria is a beautiful casino/hotel. The rooms are top notch, and the service you get from people here is first class.
Illusions Magic Show
Just checked in. Great view of Vegas & Caesar's Palace.
Lion king!  :)
Check out Koi Restaurant and Lounge! Happy Hour from 5-7 half off select sushi rolls appetizers and signature cocktails!
2nd work round!
Mantoms birthday dinner!
Horrible signal
Meeting up with my sis Kat Kartel :)
Curls unleashed pool party!
Just here for a meeting. Not for fun.
Just hanging out.
Just chilling!
WHAT. ...No live band?  Booooo l
We can't stay away
Complimentary breakfast 6:30- 9:30am. Get there early to ensure a good selection. They have a waffle bar, OJ, and lots of others.
Free wifi. No password needed.
Sign up for their CODE players card & get sweet perks such as $30 credit for your birthday to dine at any of their Sbe restaurants!  S.L.S. Savor. Life. Slowly.
$20 filet is yummy!
They serve Absinthe!
Ben Harper!!!
Bright Eyes!
Awesome place: Carnival Court :)
Doing Recon Work :)
Office Space
Bars used to give 50% off for players card, it's  only 25%
Rude outside staff! Paradise self parking closed & no one willing to help. Small confusing sign that tells you to go left (into valet)l and just takes you back to the street. Forget it I'll just go someplace else. It wasn't even busy. Tons of staff just standing around talking.
The Tower rooms are great stayed on the 20th floor and it was beautiful. Also have stayed in the pyramid and that was cool but felt old
Pool is free for 21 n over locals and  no outside food and drink allowed :(
The spa is beautiful!
$3 for a Pepsi from the vending machine in the parking garage - for that price it must be made from the tears of angels.
Good luck getting out of the parking garage with a screaming baby. Better signs directing you to the exit would be nice.
Ashley, the Sports Bar bartender on graveyards, makes the best drinks! Hands down the hottest bartender at Aliante - tip this girl well!
Steak and eggs!
NY Steak and Lobster Tail!
Oxtail Soup!
Picking up "The Color Run" Packet!
LA Clippers vs Denver Nuggets!!!
The Avengers!
It's crowded for Midnight betting for Super Bowl Sunday!
Bingo Time!
Bingo!!!
Notary class awaits...
Aloha festival till Sunday!
Cheap gambling and cheap drinks in a upscale neighborhood!
Great Hotel! Service is amazing.
Yeeeeeee
Great bloody marys!!
Gambling!
Check in taking forever!
Gambling time!!
Me and the slots get along here : )
All you can eat tacos for $6.99 and they added a salsa bar!
Ice wine tasting event.
We'll miss you!
3 nights at the MGM wth mum n Sis
Last days of Sahara Hotel
Family Time
Our fave haunt lol
Our Favorite spot!
Bucket of beer $7
Mob Tour
Checking it out
Hell in a cell
Pre gamin it up at the rodeo
And so it begins
Steve's FINALLY 21!!!!
Hangover 2!!!!
Steve's 21st birthday party
Mom's hair school graduation :)
Ice skating!!!!
Movie Date with...myself.
Cosmonaut
Bowling
.99 Margarita! $2 draft!
*very smokey smelling casino
Pure aloha!
love this hotel.! and casino. great games. and the dolphin habitat is great for families with children
Love the shows!
i like their goldfish machines
Staycation.. Let's see.
they did some re-arranging here... with the machines and tables
Womens conference 2012
With my bro James!!
2017.  one of the casinos that still offer free parking !!
the beatles love
lakers vs kings
Boyz II Men
self park is BEHIND the casino
bowling with the kids
GUN SHOW. today and tomorrow.    APRIL 5-6
Zarkana !
grab a slice of pizza at the Secret Pizza place
Had this buffet twice already!
Chilllinnn
eating at the The Buffett :-)
at the gun show
finally arrived! woohoo
Going to look at dead bodies with the mrs.
HI-Express is our favorite hotel to stay at when wanting to adhere to a budget. Not only does this location offer free breakfast every morning, but also dinner during the week. We've stayed here many times; the staff is friendly and the beds are great.
9:00pm Bingo is awesome!
$1 Bowling Games and Shoes!
Brunch buffet, not so good everything looks like it's been sitting to long and tastes like it as well!
Put all of your valuables in your trunk or take them with you.
Where to eat? Maybe more Mexican.
This place is quiet as well.
Too lazy to make rice.
Quiet for spring break!
A much older crowd here... 24 hour Bingo, I think.
Very nice room, cafe though is priced rather high! Got two eggs and toast, charged $9.00, i guess waitress failed to mention i would b charged for a whole meal!
This review is just for cocktail service to-night...pretty much non-existent!
Meh
At the Brandon flowers show with lily.
Sam town is nice, it's not great, but it is clean and nice which is always good
Great place to poker
So excited to be here again. Woo Hoo! What a way to spend a Friday evening.
Oyster bar!
Hanging out with family.
hula time!!!!!
get dressed!!!!
Steak n Shake!
no really, i hate the strip.
Boojie.
Pay the extra $10 for a premium room... They are newly remodeled and VERY nice!
UFC 132. WAR Wand!  War Cruise
Sage 75 is absolutely amazing. Try it!
It took longer to park and walk down the stairs (elevator was broken) than it took to lose my money. And I didn't get a cocktail. You lost me...
I'm at a "breakfast" meeting in in the Cancun Room....should have stopped by the drive thru on the way here
For my lil man's 1st time ; )
Love this place already! $20 to upgrade to a suite... sweeet
How can you not love this place??
Cheap beer!!
So classy and clean!! A true Vegas gem!
Rockin' Comedy Show
Deadhand
gonna be on tv!!
Love this place!!
Yuuuup
Lunch!
Workin'
Mandatory Fun Day!!
Late night cocktail!
Love this place too!
Women's Leadership Conference... Great set up!!
Still love this place!! But where to eat before the show??
Job Fair :)
Tim and Jenn's room is rad!
Yuuuper... This is work
Beautiful!
Workin'
As I Lay Dying!!
Service is improving!
Lostprophets! Security is awfully tight for a band that no one but Dave and I remember...
Evil Dead Rehersal #1... Let's do this
Totally about to play Bingo with Miccio
Work
Can't believe this is my first time here! Decor is nice and the set up is excellent! The music and patrons kinda suck... In short, it'd be great if I was the only one here...
This must be a great place to.work... There are practically NO GUESTS here... Food's good
Spoke with Mario at the front desk and he was very rude. Would not let me cancel my reservations even though I have the flu. Billing me anyways?
Warning!!! Very dirty hotel !!!! My room was never cleaned before I arrived... Have had to had my room 'deep cleaned' and still had soap scum in my bathtub when I returned from my day. Very disgusting room... Cocaine on my table/floor, blood in my bed, cum stained ottoman ...
Fantastic!!
WAC tournament
At the Chateau pre grand opening party!
Pool is awesome
Just another day at the office
Pre game. Aight
Holy s$&@! If you can afford it (i certainly can't) this is the only way to fly.
Have you ever wondered what a psychological experiment might feel like? Try navigating this place. From the parking to the interior, this place is a nightmare for even the most directionally adept.
Complimentary valet, great suite rates.
Lee's wine tasting event. Lots of fun!!
Thrill ride time!
2011 Food Truck Fest
cheap breakfast buffet
Studio B buffett
Downton Abbey Tea & preview. Great fun with a room full of serious fans!!
Relaxing in the beautiful pool area.
Best cioppino of all the stations properties, and I've had them ALL!
Wing stop is better!
Observation free for locals in January 2014 18 dollar value otherwise its ghetto overpriced and nothing to offer u to warrant a trip there
Free valet and friendly staff great addition to area!!
Cool place with lots of rooms to check out.
Parking is no longer free...five dowla on weekends.
Lots of amateur gamblers. Be careful. People will split 10s here. Smh
Its cool.
In case anyone was concerned....they do not close at 8pm. Lol
Best bed on the strip!
They have greeeat EMTs. So I hear.
Bartenders are so slow and unaware of bar patrons. Literally takes one drink order at a time....
$9 makers mark
Its fun here. Food and cocktails make me a happy girl. And this place hasnt disappointed me yet.
"Fitness Center" is on the second floor of the Gold Spike. Exit the elevators and turn left and it will be on the left hand side. Make sure your room key can even access it.
Comedy show tonight!
Great comedy show every 2 weeks!
There are not 1, not 2 but 3 Starbucks at the Luxor!
The Luxor has a great Valet & Baggage staff!! They have been so helpful and they are happy to assist you
When they say check in is not until 3pm, they mean 3pm. No early checkin today!
WINEucopia!!
Wine Amplified/ Rock & Roll wine moved upstairs to Ravello on Friday's free wine tasting from 7-9pm!
While it was a nice place, I still miss the Sahara !
Alesso on fire....ingrosso up next......Ohhhh shit
#labordeathweekend
At the Rio pool with my girl Diana with drinks and sunlight!!!
Havin lunch at La Salsa Cantina with my beauties and my brother
At the pool with my girl Diana Catalano enjoying another week of drinks, FUN AND MORE SUN!!!!
Locals can use the pool again.  $10 per person during the week.   $15 per person on the weekend.
Catching up on the world series of poker
Checking out WSOP
Sad to see a place like this get so dumpy
Here to watch the fireworks and laugh at the funny tourists
Checking out the new home of Big Elvis at the piano bar..
Robbie the bartender is awesome! Thank you for treating our guests so great!
Best cheap food on the east side
The bodies exhibit is quite interesting you should check this out.
Lion king show is a must. Such talet!
Will stay elsewhere from now on because of the charge for valet!  Ridiculous that hotel guests have to pay for valet or park across the street in the dark, stinky garage!   Parking should be included in the resort fee!
Nice, caters to the local community
Like this dive!!
Rush tower!!
Love my bartenders!!
Winning!
Very friendly service. Come while it still smells new!
Make sure you come on the weekends off the crab legs!
Disappointing visit already, and just got here.
Buffet 5.99 with boarding pass...less than 20 bucks for three adults...decent food for the price
Tuff n uff
The only 3-to-2 single-deck blackjack game on the Strip, but you can only double on 10 or 11 and you can't resplit pairs.
5$ Mondays at brenden theatre
If ur staying here, make sure u upgrade to a fountain view room
Parking sucks, so, ur best bet is to valet
Ultimate fighter :)
If u like to watch 2 movies for the price of one, this is the best place to sneak in. Lol
The food trucks are always great
Rooms with a view doesn't really have a nice view of the strip. They are so small compared to other hotel rooms. The only cool thing about it is that each room has a movie theme and a memorabilia of said movie
Beautiful! All rooms renovated. Very, very nice.
Slots are not very loose.
If you're gambling very late nite, and you want cocktail service, you'd best go get one yourself. It'll be free, but there are no servers. At least, last night. Great job Stations Casinos. You do love locals.
The new ownership seems to be about the same as the old. They offer pretty generous comps. But I don't gamble, so let's see how long they last.
The slot club screens on the machines suck. If you are trying to redeem free slot play, good luck. You may have to try several machines.
The free play units on the slot machines suck ass. Guests be patient. 777 Casino, FIX THEM.
Definitely try their baby back ribs! Amazing barbecue sauce...super smokey and not too sweet! Also, get a balcony room facing the pond during warmer months!
Waited at the bar upstairs for almost 15 minutes,  while the bartender helped anyone but me. Walked out because apparently my money is no good here.
My absolute favorite Strip hotel...
The cabbie specials are a steal, but the Chinese food is great, too, if a bit pricier.  Great for midnight snacking.
Table games = hot! Video poker = not.
With comped rooms we didn't have to pay the resort fee. I'm a happy camper :-)
Ice skating!
Casino night, baby!!!
Cruisin' w/ the fam...
Brunch time wit the fam. Let's do it
Home safe. Not actually checking in, but my casa is near by, anyways, happy home I am. Check in king lol ah lehs go!
Let's go!
Sway lounge pool. Music time, let's go!
Let's go!
Headed to lake mead via bus n house boat courtesy of the silverton hotel. Let's go!
Friday, ah let's go!
I suggest buying your candy somewhere else and not @ the movies itself. Its cheaper @ a grocery store but other than that, popcorn, drinks, ice cream, dogs, nachos, and cookies are ready to purchase and enjoy @ the movie snack station.
Play sports Hawaii flag football banquet...
Lee's Beer & Tequila tasting!
LV Film Festival!
Tech N9ne!
AFAN Black and White Party at Nirvana Pool
In-suite dining is offered 24/7!
Come here to see the cilling show or canopy show especially if you love rock music
The place is nice though to show is gone
Went to buffet only good thing is Mongolian station. There is NO fruit REALLY??!!  just pass it up
Love the girl scout cookie and sweet potato fries rock!!
Worst experience ever, they lie to get you to go to a time share  presentation. I was told to sit through a 120 minute presentation and their was nothing to buy. Sorry, I am not a sucker.
Here to watch some wrestling show up and coming stars of wrestling with meet and greet with Matt hardy  great front row seat s VIP .... Action with the wife birthday party still going.....Steve and Paula...
Having some dinner  with the wife!!!!! Tearing up some Kat fish.....!!!!!good stuff yummy.....;)
Choking with my lover.....;) yes my wife.,..;)
Having  dinner with my wife nice place good food.... Relaxing!!!!! Steve and Paula
At the cafe having some prime rib and coffee with the wife;) !!!! Busy day just !!!!!steve and Paula!!!!!! Worst time to go eat at the cafe out sever was ok but the food and cooks were awful !!! Cooks messed up every order and didn't care server had to beg to get the food on time and right !!! Made her job hard!!!! Worst cooks and mgr.  on duty did nothing to help!!!! Never going back at nite to eat there...... The were really bad  ! Cold food cold coffee..... And dirty looks from the cooks....
Getting some lunch at seasons with the wife....... Busy and long lines.....;( Steve and Paula !!!!guess were going to the cafe!!!!! Instead!!!! 2hour wait.....!
At the bar playing some poker and doing Amstel and yagher shots feeling good and the wife doing jack and ginger oh yes we are in la la land at the bar
Yes out at the Paris  at the le central bar having drinks with the wife nice mode!!!!
Just going to work.... Long 10 hour!
Paying the bills ......!
Working a alnighter...... Holler!;)
Little ot working tonite.....;)$
Show me at work long 10.......
At work making some cash......;) otttt
Great place to work it not a job it's a adventure......;)....
Just working trying to get into it tonight feeling under the weather but here we are.....;)
At work busy nite here and nite going by fast love ut when it's busy..... Come on down and share the fun only at the Luxor.......!:)
At work started out busy slowing down alittle which I's ok..... Tired nite.....!
Just me checking in to work looks busy good Friday crowd here we go..... Steve.....;)
At work wild nite alittle busy like we like it....... At work having lunch killing some Latino coffee la jave good stuff now ready to go back out there wish me luck ..... Smile on and I can do this....;)steve0 on the job!!!!
Quiet nite so far..... And that's good thing Steve.......;)
At work....... Not into this tonight but got to be here fighting bad cold and tummy flue it makes for a long nite:( Steve......!
Busy nite at the Luxor ...... Coffee time and back to work....:) steve
Just me Steve  working long night so far just saying hey to my buddies......;)  holler
Here doing the job.......! Helping guest......! And keeping all in order!!!!!;)
Just patrolling the hallways and getting my cardio in Long 10 hours..... Here I go......;) steve
Having my coffee and it  feels so good!!!! At work getting a boost long 10!!!!;)
Heyyyy what up at work patrolling areas.......all in order in the house!!!!!!!!steve.......cause I said so!!!!!;)
On the job just starting and patrolling ... My Monday here goes nothing.....;)
On duty keeping the place in order..... Great start..... Steve at work feeling good.....!;)
Coffee and acdc.....! Chilling at work .... Checking Ids and bags at emp.... Entrance .... On the job!!!!!10hours here we go!!!!!
Here we are again!!!!! Busy nite and team Luxor security on the job......;) we got this...!
Hey paying bills at work patrolling areas ..... Having a good nite missing my wife not being here feels like a different place..... Life goes on I guess..... All good..... Just stepping......! Steve have a good nite all.....
Is it time to go home yet long nite and almost over just me Steve working my 10 hour!!!!
Patrolling hallways.... At work nice quiet nite......;)
Just me at work..... Doing rounds long 10 here we go!!!!!!/:-0....
at work patrolling areas!!!!! Keeping the peace.....;)
Here at work.... Long 10 but its my Friday so it's kool breeze time!!!!!! Steve.....
Nice night in Vegas quiet night at work...... Which is a good thing just here paying the bills...... Steve...... Have a good nite people.......;)
Working my 10...... Staying positive...... Have one of those nits...... Here we go Steve
Show me at work.... Steve busy fun nite be safe my friends don't drink and drive...... Party responsible .....steve
Just working my 10 quiet nite..... Which is ok...... Later Steve tracking!!!!!!
Here we go hoping for a good nite.... Have a safe nite friends Steve 10 hour shift  ;)
Having a great nite at work here comes 10hours.....! My Friday oh yea!!!!! Steve!!!!!! Have a great sat, my friends be safe and don't drink and drive have fun but think before u drink!!!!!!
At work paying the bills.....(;)
At work paying the bills quiet nite..... So far doing10 hour shift /:)Steve what up Vegas?????and all my yelp friends holler hope ur havin a good week...... Ok
At work busy night.... Full moon(;
Almost done 45 min to go long nite it my Friday all down hill from here...... Waiting to sit watch some football and have a cold beer!!!!!! Count down begins !!!!!! Lol......Steve have a great football sunday cheers......
Long nite ...... But it's ok patrolling areas chilling cardio time while I work burning that pasta I ate !!!!! Lol......;) steve
Busy night at Luxor ....... Friday night...... Ever have one of those nights yup this is one of them .....true story lol
Busy nite at Luxor make a quick 10 that way!!!!! Happy hollow my friends.......;)steve
Friday night in Vegas at work living the dream!!!!!!! Steve time for some coffee!!!!!! Have good nite my friends cheers have one for me !!!!!!
At work chilling....... ! Long 11 hour night....... Fun;)))))) but it's my Friday so it's kool....... What up Vegas  come on down to Luxor and say hi......... Holler;)
Hey at work feeling alittle better keeping my self in the zone staying focus.....keeping my head together or least trying to ..,,,;) have a good nite people thanks for the  shout out s
What up Vegas? At work doing my 10..... Have a safe night my friends........ Holler
Friday night in Vegas working my ten be safe out there my friends!!!!!!steve
At work busy night at Luxor !!!!! Long 10..... Paying the bills!!!! And keeping the guest smiling!!!!!!! Steve ......;)
Yes at work having a quick cup of coffee and jamming to some Acdc  music ! For those about to rock!!!!! That should give me my second wind....... Have a great mourning my friends....... Steve aka no neck
Busy nite inside and rainy and cold out at pool area quiet so far!!!!! Love the rain !!!!!!steve
Hey what up !!!! At work Saturday nite in Vegas and little busy , doing my ten and it my Friday yes!!!!!!!! It is........;)Steve aka no neck.....
At work chilling little patrolling and think I need some coffee and quiet so far...... Code 4! And happy turkey day my friends and cheers to u allSteve aka no neck !!!!!!! Just paying the bills.....!
Hey there just me at work busy night and long 10 and smile at work helping guest and it's my Friday woooo hoooooo!be safe my friends!!!! Steve aka no neck!!!!!!my security look
Busy night for a Thursday lots of call ....  Grave shift handling it like always........;) Steve  !!!!! Have a safe weekend my friends!!!!!!
At work little tea break and honey and some peter framton do u feel like I do......!!!!!!! My jam!!!!! My view at the moment!!!!! Steve
Tea time at e-2 yup and some Frankie  music..... Doing it my wayyyyyyyyy!!!!!! Happy sat..... Night be safe my friends and have one for me.......!
Still here at work getting close to off time my Friday...... Oh yea!!!!!today is the day lets go jets got to beat the cam newton and the panthers......
Slow quiet night at work......;) long 10...,,,.!steve
at work doing rounds and some lady said I was crazy as wAs walking her crazy self out she was a strange one!!!!' Wow yes it Saturday for sure!!!!!!having fun at work and asked if she want ed Starbucks coffee on the way out...... I was being polite.....lol
Just me Steve doing my ten on this great Saturday night in Vegas happy new year my friends........! Be safe and cheers to u allSteve ......!
Working...... Day off ,ot..... Time not to bad so far......happy new year everybody be safe don't drive drunk..... Park and drink and walk.......!Steve have fun but think!
Happy new year my friends at work doing 12 hour shift and we have a great crowd of people!!!' Everyone have fun be safe and cheers.......Luxor security rocks.........;)....
Wow made it to my Friday busy week..... Been feeling ok just tired from work not enough sleep but feeling good on the inside..... Maybe the more work I do the more relax I feel ???? Who know the human body is a strange place.... Hard to know what it's going to do next?..., so far so good have a great weekend my peeps holler bless u all.......at work paying the bills......!
Doing my ten and having a good nite.... Little slow but that's ok have a great nite my friends holler at ur boy.......;) Steve!!!!!! Counting days to relax and watch foot ball!!!! Lol
Working my ten.... My Friday!!!!!!! How everybody doing cheers to u have one for me.....
Sat... In Vegas doing my ten busy nite..... Which is cool makes it go fast......cheers let's go Denver
at work doing my ten !!!!!! Steve!!!!!!just like tebow no time for a contract !!!!!!! Lol
here we going again doing my ten just paying the bills everybody have a great night..... Holler if ur  in the area or close by stop in and say hi......no time for a contract it's a tebow thing lol.....;)
At work doing my ten and trying to get problems off the mind it like shit follows me!!!! Real tuff to stay zen..... Boy am I trying!!!!!
here we going again doing my ten just paying the bills everybody have a great night..... Holler if ur  in the area or close by stop in and say hi......no time for a contract it's a tebow thing lol.....;)
Hello Saturday night !!!!!! At work doing my ten busy night the crew staying busy grave shift rules!!!!!!!Steve aka no neck just paying the bills!!!!!!
At work doing my ten happy valentines day my friends!!!!!Steve cheers to u all.....;)
Hello Saturday day night in Vegas at work doing my 10.....,and it's my Friday ..... Cheers to yaBe safe..... Steve;)
Doing my ten..... My Monday ;( just paying the bills my friends!!!!time for coffee tune up.....Steve aka no neck
Hey what up peeps just working almost time to go home couple of hours to go!!!!!!busy night !!!!! Crazy Friday but that's what makes it fun!!!!!! Good mourning my friends it tea time!!!!! Steve later
Made it to work feeling out of it but hear goes nothingjust paying the bills.....! Steve
Working tonight on my birthday no so bad .... Paying  the bills ......Steve!!!!! Hey guys do a yager shot for me.... Cheers!!!!
Made it to work doing my ten after 3 days of partying for my birth day woooo bad headache but I'm here,,,,. Living the Vegas dream great job good people to work with and love this crazy town .,,,,, cheers to u all and thanks for the birth day wishes.,,,
My Monday at work doing my ten hello Vegas......Steve
Hello there big sexy at work doing my ten busy Friday like always have fun my friends and cheers to u all!!!!!! Steve thinking of u all....
at work doing my ten and thinking about my diet and training and going for a 100 pound off and any of have any tips be sure to holler always looking for new ides..... ! Tuff when u love to go out and eat and drink it's living but dr says I won't last too long at this rate so guess it's time to grow up and get healthy again went off track for too long......
At work doing my ten feeling better today busy night so far!!!!  Stevehave a great night my friends.....!
Hello doing my ten busy Friday lots of calls...... Couple more hours wooooo long night!!!!!! Steve....
Little coffee and patrolling areas sat night at luxor looks like a good night..... Foodie feat still going on across the street and casinos busy come on down and say hi my friends be safe and cheers to ya
Sunday night at work slow and quiet so far which is ok had busy week so slow works for me!!!!! Hope all had a good weekend for me.... Mine starts in the mourning!!!yay!!!!!
Just me Steve at work doing my ten busy for a Thursday just paying the bills busy weekend coming up be safe and smile my friends..... See ya!!!!!!
Half way threw my shift busy night wooo! Be safe out there guys and have fun!!!! Me just keeping them smiling!!!!!Steve
Busy night here things ok night moving slow..... Doing my ten!!!! Time for big cup of coffee
Monday at work !!! Going to be a long nite holler up all night paying the bills......!!!
Well still here at work almost over  time for some coffee have a great mourning  my friends  !!!! Smile why? Be cause u can !!!!! !!!!
Busy Saturday  night in Vegas been  steady!!!! Working with a smile..... Making memories
Half way threw my shift and it my Friday now party on!!!!!! Cheers my friends and happy Monday for you all ...,,.smiling keeps u young!!!!steve!!! Just saying
Half way threw my shift still hanging on doing better staying busy...... Hope everyone's having a good mourning!!!!!Steve
Half way threw my shift how's everybody doing to night busy night at the Luxor !!!! Cheers all be safe!!!! Out there !!!!! Steve !!!! Smile !!!! Why? Because u can!
Halfway threw my shift and it Friday yes..... Couple of day of rest ......Steve
Hey halfway threw my Monday went by slow and get some coffee the make the rest of it good mourning Vegas
At work turned out to be a busy night time flying bye working grave shift in Vegas rocks !!!! Be safe !!!! Takes great people to work graves shit!!!! We get the job done!!!!! Just saying!!!! Steve !!!!! Got my security eye on u!!!!! Watch it !!!! Lol
At work after five days off super Monday......;( happy houlday be safe guys!!!!
Wow at work the rain surprised us !!!!! We are busy here we go 10 hours grave shift !!!! We got this watch and learn.... And we do this with a smile !!!! 4-s !!! We make this look easy!!!! Steve at work happy fourth Vegas be safe!!!!!!!!!
Working a busy UFC night in Vegas is always a busy night ! And makes it interesting everybody got beer muscle tonight and it cracks me up but we work with a smile and keep it safe so everybody has a good time as best we can ;). 4-s!!!!! At it's best !!!! Grave shift rocks Steve aka no neck !!!! Sat, night in Vegas!!!!!!
At work doing my ten busy start and slowing down alittle !!!! Everybody have a good night !!!! Make some one smile!!!!!
Busy nite at work grave shift rocking it have a quick cup of tea and hearing shooting star from bad company my favorite jam!!!!! Gets me ready for my work mode!!!!! Here goes fist gear !!!!! Make some one smile !!!! My friends have a good night!!!! Steve
Hey what's happening Vegas just up working my ten quiet night.....just sending a shout to u all holler Steve at work chilling!!!!!!
starting my ten hello Vegas everybody have a good night grave rocks!!!! We got this!! Steve!!!!
Patrolling hotel doing my cardio while I work 2 hour walk feels good!!!!my thur night doing my ten be safe my friend s and keep smiling u wear it well!!!!! Steve doing grave shift we rock!!!!!!
starting my ten hello Vegas everybody have a good night grave rocks!!!! We got this!! Steve!!!!
Wow almost time to get out of work and go get ready for my other jobs today going to see some new clients and do some sports massage work and one Swedish promo massage sounds like fun!!'n whoes next holler? Later zen my friends see u best hands in Vegas  coming at u!!!!! Making faces smile one body at a timeSteve 7022906323 if u need one at ur service!!!! Steve nat certified lic massage therapist for 20years
Little busy of a start for a Tuesday but grave always handles it !!!! We rock!!!!! Just me Steve doing. my Monday 10 just paying the bills!!!!!
At work slow quiet so far few bumps but no biggies!!!! Hope everyone's having a good night grave workers rock !!!! Have some coffee and keep going!!!! Smile and our coffee we got this;)Steve lol leaded coffee cheers!!!! Lol I wish!!!!;)
Almost out of here woo woo!!!! Time for a quick coffee to finish out the rest of my shift good mourning Vegas !!!!steve
Here we go busy start and grave shift On the floor we got this be safe my Friends and holler !!!! Doing my 10 steve
Starting my ten!!!!  Busy night here we go!!!!steve
Almost time to clock out yes!!!!!! Long easy night!!!!!steve !!!!!;)
Patrolling hotel and quiet and seems like a good easy night for a Thursday in Vegas have a good night my friends enjoy the nite holler!!! Steve!!!!
On the job at work doing my thing have a good nite people  grave shift rocks steve
Working some overtime busy ten on the floor made the night go fast
Tuesday night working my ten at the Luxor her we go!!!!steve
Almost over it my Friday then five days off workout and tan and lots of sleep;) good mourningand hi to all my friends happy Friday
Tuesday night working my ten at the Luxor her we go!!!!steve
Ok back to work busy night at Luxor here goes my ten..,,,,;) Steve have good nite peeps
Doing my ten little ot!!!! Busy nite how everybody's nite? Coffee and missing cookies  oh well  life goes on;)
Half way threw my shift time for a quick cup of coffee to get me threw the rest!!!!! Steve paying the bills!!!!!;)
Heyyyyyyyy! Just me Steve doing ten and hope u all are havi g a good nite and be safe and holler at ur boy!!!!!
45 min..... To go so ready to go home and it's my Friday yes yes yes!!!!!!Steve
Here we go long 10 busy night but grave shift rocks we got this not in to this tonight but staying focus.  Got to pay the bills so tuffing it outbe safe and be a responsible drinker this weekend guys don't be a lemon!!!steve
Hey show me at work doing my ten little busy and feeling better today got some rest so al ready for my night.... Grave shift rocks !!!!!! Steve
Halfway threw my shift fast nite so far not bad moving right along!!!!!;) grave shift rocks and happy Friday everyone!!!!Steve
Hello Friday night doing my ten and good good busy night should fly bye !!!!! Grave shift rocks....... Doing our 4s..... With a smile steve
heyyyyy yelpers have a good nite and im doing my ten at work with a smile on my face feeling good and rested everybody have a drink  for all /11 family's  suffering today and cheers to the brave people f New York
Almost half way threw my shift long nite have a spot of tea to keep the eye open and tummy feeling good.....! Yes yes yes
At work doing my ten how's everybody's week going it's almost Friday have a good one holler at ur boy!!!!!Steve I heArt concert and Olympia weekend going on this weekend busy !!!!!
Hey at work busy nite lot going on live concert I heart party going on and casino busy so fast nite ahead yes!!!!!and it's my Friday ;).... Olympia expo in mourning that should be fun!!!!!!
Show me at work feeling little off but I make it threw it keeping my self busy tak my mind off.  stuff looks quiet.  Tonight that's good !!!!!see ya steve
Wow my Monday after 4days off feeling rested get threw this night easy just doing my ten with a smile.... Paying the billsgood night and good mourning yelperssteve
At work slowing down alittle quiet night!' Thats ok!!!! Have a safe night yelpers doing my. 10 ..,, steve
Good crowd and here doing my ten at my favorite building in Vegas !!!! Wouldn't be any other place!!!! Have a great and safe nite my friends holler? Steve
Oh yes time to go have some fun!!!!! Checking in to amplified wine fest and concert series with local bands and at 10;00 train!!!!!! Oh yes rocking out and getting our drink on steve and Paula.... Had a great time good set up and food not bad little pricey for what is was but it like that at all events and wine booths and beer were great!!!! Drank some vodka made in Texas infused from corn 80 proof!!! Yummy chase that with brown ale and sets the mood for some good jams music all over fun time!!
Hey at work doing my ten making memories have a great nite my yelpers be safe and holler ur buddy steve paying the bills
Good mourning to all  the sexy yelpers out there just me steve at work paying the bills and sounds like it's busy on the casino floor tonite!' Be safe and enjoy urself and holler at ur boy steve up al night!'n steve
At work doing my ten practicing my fourS!!!!making memories;)steve
Yup at work doing my ten busy start already ? Hey ho lets go!!!!! Steve !!!!as the Ramon's would say!!!!! Lol
Doing my ten on Thursday getting closer to my Friday !!!! Hello yelpers have a good nite and good mourning for some of u.,,,? Cheers to ur coffee moment!!!!steve
Hey yelpers happy Friday hope u are all being safe and having a good time cheers to u all!!!!!steve
Good mourning yelpers just wondering why people are so up tight and take things the wrong when u complement them befor u say hello and do harmless flirting to make people smile it's all about the love and making one another feel good and I try to to that people just get all bent out of shape and they say well ur from the east coast there not like that out west here I'm like wow got some up tight people out here but I still try to smile and make them smile too any way it's who i am.,...steve
Just doing my ten!!!!! Hello grave shift yelpers here we go'steve.....
Happy turkey day everyone be safe and cheers and have a goo one cheers to ya!! steve !!!!!
Yes my Monday at work and little slow tonight but that's ok steve doing my 10.....
At work doing my ten!!!! Steve
Enjoying the slow Nite quiet and just me doing my ten!!!! Almost Friday yelpers time to party!!!! Cheerssteve
At work doing my ten and it busy tonight at the Luxor lot of family's walking around! Steve
Almost done with my 12 hour shift busy night but safe and all kept under control and in order!!!! Happy new year yelpers  steve!!!
At work doing my ten happy new year every body.... Steve
Heyyyyyy back at work feels great to be back hello helpers busy nite.,.,steve
Woo long night 10 hours of weird stuff crazy night but got in done!!!!' Grave shift rocks ..... Steve look it's wreck it Ralf lol .....
Hey yelpers good mourning  I'm up doing my ten at work littl busy running around I calls u all have a great weekend and cheers you all and most of all every body working grave shit u rock....Steve.... Holler!!!
Show me at work pretty busy Friday ..... At the Luxor !!! Doing my ten and doing my 4s..... And making memories for guest!!!!steve
Show me at work busy Friday at Luxor long 10 shift and casino nice a full of guest..... Happy Friday and grave shift keeping it safe...... Steve on the job!!!!
Hello Tuesday nite at work doing my ten little slow but nice just say ing hi to my yelp friends come on by say hello..... Have a great holiday this week you all!!!!steve
Doing my ten hour shift easy nite at the Luxor ..... Nice and quiet ..... Come on down and say hi...... Good morning yelpers
Movie time with the wife time to cuddle woo wooo wooo!:)Steve and Paula ;))))))
Oh yes party at the pool beers feast it's great so many beers so little time !! So far Palm beer from Belgium is the best wow it's so good.... Steve and Paul's partying our asses off!'
The worst customer service when it comes to show questions. Nobody knows the answers they just want to lead you to the next person... Very disappointing
Always come here. Great atmosphere!
Bingo Night!
I love all of the shows here!!!!!! Yay for the Postal Service!!
Special event parking is $20/day.
Check out the shuffleboard, pool table, and poker table near the bar (past the lobby).
Level 6 has free EV charging stations (4 total; 1 for Tesla) near the elevator bank. Does not require ChargePoint or other sign-up!
Existing Boarding Pass Members can get the Commemorative 2014 Limited Edition PINK card for a $1 donation. Proceeds will benefit the Susan G. Komen and American Cancer Society.
Summer hours: 9AM-7PM
Having supper at the feast    Prime Rib all you can eat
Nice pool!
showtime
going huge!!!
A little tired, nice room, no coffee in room.
20K limit on betting the Spurs-Heat game
Pathetic sports book
The server was great!!! a mistake on my order  combination plate no onions (not her fault)but she fixed it right so instead I ordered beef fajita. Fried ice cream worth a try. If you count calories this is one time you'll have to not count
Eh. Decent food. 2 stars- it was cold. :(
Zone time
Nice and cool inside
Love this place
Staying cool
Lots and lots of children.
Ginger lemonade highball.
Merry Christmas everyone! Why are there no effing shampoos or lotions in this room???
Finally :)
Good GOD this check in line is hella long AND slow :(
24/7 happy hour!
Here to see Jest Serenity!!!
Holla ;)
The funnest casino ever @wynnlasvegas
I'm home Wynn e pooh ;)
On my way to the #socialtwtup
Tuscan pizza was pretty good off the happy hour menu
not a lot of breakfast choices
If you come around dinner time be prepared to wait for a table at least 20 - 30 min
Swipe and win!!
I'm not sure if they have updated anything since it first opened. Wallpaper was peeling off in many areas, furniture was scratched badly, bathroom had stains from the walls to the floor, comforter had a terrible stench and that's just to mention a few things. They need a major makeover I was disgusted and disappointed in our room.
Usually a stud game here.
They updated there hotel room on the Jubilee side of the hotel..  Ask for high floor with a room view of Ballagio fountain
Sat nights poppin
Staff is friendly!
$5 Coors Light pitchers, Sunday afternoon! :)
Salsero every Friday at 10pm no cover!
Coors light and Miller light $2; 5 for $8 All day everyday!
Oak!!
House of blues Latin nights, no goood :(
Beerfest tonight! :)
Beautiful suites!
Snake display for Chinese New year up between palazzo and Venetian
Bring your own k-cups!
8 dollar buckets
Is this parking garage some kind of sick joke!  I just want to leave!!
$20 to park!!!  Yikes!
The split crab legs suck! Dry, dirty and gross.
Come Early
Free wifi with an email login. Use a fake one unless you enjoy Spam with meal
Love the pool
If you want a Pepsi leave this property
Kick A$$ Wifi here with room. Works all through casino. Even outside at the pool. Gonna try when we walk outside.
Free iced water in the lobby!
Need to turn on the air conditioner. Seriously.
Not a fan of the scent they pump in here.
Poker tables have great dealers. They tell you about all that is new, good & indifferent. Good for locals.
Why is service constantly awful here? You can win a jackpot & get treated like a bum!!
Got upgraded! Hope some perks will follow!
The bar by the sports book is great. Go see Michael! He's very hospitable!
Why is it so hard to get service??
Free spins and get a free photo with a million dollars. Sadly, getting any of said million is not part of the "free".
Parking validation is now a series of hoop jumping (actively gamble or eat) in order to get your card stamped.
Closing down this upcoming Sunday. :(
Godzilla T-shirt promotions for the weekends in October.
Tix 4 Tonight/Half Price Show Tickets kiosk here. Located by where the zipline experience ends.
Cool swimming pool with a water slide that goes through a shark aquarium.
They have an ATM here that dispenses real gold?!? Right next to the large gold nugget!
You can kiss the Blarney Stone by the Player's Club.
Regardless of what the status says, the marquee still reads "Fitzgeralds".
Star Trek convention this weekend!
One of the best gaming arcades on the Strip.
They filmed the blackjack scene of "The Hangover" here.
Closing in May. :(
They have a skil crane where you can win a live lobster. I kid you not.
This place has grown depressing since they got rid of Star Trek: The Experience. It's like a graveyard where it used to be. Fitting, really.
The Hilton will completely and utterly price gouge you for the "courtesy" of allowing you to park at their hotel around convention time.
Now called the astoundingly creative "Las Vegas Hotel and Casino" as of January 2012.
Still ripping people off with $30 convention parking fees in their self park garage.
Look like that new steakhouse coming in is significantly cutting out and reducing the size of the entryway's atrium. What a shame.
Despite what the day is, I really am here.
Walk to this place. Difficult to damn near inacessible to park via car when coming southbound on Strip.
The Sahara is set to close May 16. :(
Alexandria Tower - Room 2344 - The Beatles stayed there. August 19, 1964.
And the Sahara ends today. 59 years of history....
Liquidation sale is happening for the next month.
Interesting.  Luxor seems to be partially over its self-hating phase of being Egyptian themed.
The refurbish looks nice!  It no longer looks like the zombie apocalypse in here!
Ghostbusters slot machines here!
Classic Gaming Expo today.
I love the fact that you can actually pee on the Berlin Wall. ;p
The Village is sadly becoming more and more of a ghost town these days. I hope its fortunes improve.
One of the fastest elevators that I've ever been in.
Lots of films and TV shows are shot here.
Planet Hollywood is the only casino I know that blocks off multiple levels of a half empty parking structure on a consistent basis.
Good-bye, O'Shea's.... :/. $5 chips have the open/close dates on them.
$7 for a large orange juice. Ummmm...what?
Seafood buffet on Fridays!
If you are a local wait until December to come wander around.
If you enjoy freezing showers get a room at MGM. 2nd day with no hot water
This is classic Las Vegas, check out the Fremont and the Fremont Street Experience for great people watching.
Gotta love the giant singing frog.
Right across the street from Tivoli Village!
I am really surprised by this casino! I love the atmosphere and lay out, it almost feels like an upscale locals spot.
Worst Buffet ever.
Seriously!!! Sports book line taking forever, open a couple more lines please!!
Never hurts to ask for a complimentary upgrade on your room upon check in. Busy holiday weekend and we got a free upgrade with a comped breakfast. Sweet!!!
No longer a Station Casino. Hope they still  locals.
Only 1 Rewards line...average wait is 30+ minutes. Not worth the wait.
The oyster bar is off the hook
2 for 1 Buffet Pass this week for Boarding Pass holders
Viva Vegas car show!!
Its Friday night! Lets do this
Lax
Slot time
Love the salsa bar!
Bring your own bedding, curtains, and preferably your own hotspot for wifi.
Watching my nephew race at USA Nationals for BMX
Day 2 of BMX Nationals
Lot's of fun. Prices range from $4.00 for a single blue card to $84.00 for an electronic pack.
Fantasy Penthouse!!!! Amazing !!
Shopping for tonight
Luxurious private spa!! Tan, tan, tan
Pool side!!
Hayden and Candy Boyce wedding
Free hat or shirt when you join their player's club! Puhehehe Sporting their red cap.. Gangstaaaa -_-
Helloooooo Vegas! :)
Oh whaaaaaa?!?? We got the "lake view" room! :D
$5 movies tuesdays... love it!!!
Awesome experience , 5 star customer service. Valet yes pay $13, but worth it!
Pool side :D
Time share scam run run run don't fall for it
Did caesar live here?
OxTail Soup or Half Pound New York Steak ... Hmmmm
Check out the World Pastry Championship
Completely unimpressed this time. My burger was sad. Everything under seasoned. Kids like it though. Plus we had great seats by the waterfall.
Tuesday Blend 2yr anni! Happy Birthday Christian
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club 702-682-6518 Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua  Senior VIP Host  SLS Las Vegas Life Nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club  702-682-6518  Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Patrick Hua   VIP Host  SLS hotel and casino Las Vegas  Life nightclub | Foxtail | Sayers club   702-682-6518 Huapatrick@hotmail.com
Patrick Hua   Senior VIP Host   SLS Las Vegas   Foxtail | Sayers club | The Foundry 702-682-6518   Patrick.hua@slshotels.com
Holiday on ice reminds me of times past....
Valentine's Dinner with Mom and Jason!!!!
let's win big tonight!!!!!
Get off MY machine when you see me coming!!!!!
Lotza fun with Katie Mautz.  So many hot guys here!!! Food is great too.
Even their Coffee Shop is classy and elegant. Food and cocktails amazballs. Now......we gamble.
Great to see old friends.
Music is awesome!
Lvedm night @ t-spot!
Lv film fest!
Assisting with a photo shoot in the terrace suite
KA by cirque du soleil!
Oysters and chowder - can't go wrong!
Prices decent service "wow" amazing John M made us feel like we were at his house that's how great this experience was for us thank you John we will return due to you
.. chillin'
Handcrafted jewelry on the weekends. The artist was honestly the best part of the stay. Can I take her home?
The rooms at the cosmopolitan is super nice. Love the balcony and view of the fountain show!
It's a giant black pyramid!  Low key, casual and great rates if you want to stay on the strip.
Happy hour for 15 more minutes. :)
Superhero's Unite!
Full of Santa's!
No overnights on college basketball except Fridays.
Cantor gaming. NCAA futures. Let's go!!
$4 leinenkeugel pints and great people watching at the Corner Bar.
Big fight this weekend. Poker room is live.
They offer a mobile gaming app which allows betting on sporting events from home. Sit on your couch and earn comps.
This place closes for good in less than 40 hours :(. If you're coming, get here before noon on Monday.
Babyback ribs melt in your mouth!!
Movies
I can't believe seats are better the Regal @ GVR!!!
Make tha $$$
Money maker $$$
Beautiful & interesting, with some great shopping and nice lounges.
lets get this party started
Going to ditch
The m for NCAA and drinks
Sports time and beer
Easy check-in, wonderful room, fantastic...
Breakfast buffet :)
After midnight meal
Still coming up on that $ ;D
Free McDonald ($10 coupon)
Check-in w/yelp! On Tuesday 2 movie tickets, 2 medium drinks & a medium popcorn. That's whatsup!!!
About to watch a free magic show ;D
Traffic on main streets...
Bottoms up!
Shrimp cocktail!
Getting my tan on at the pool!
I think I just scored the best parking spot of my life :-)
Dump
Starbucks is open 24/7!
Free parking in the garage. No validation needed!
Free swipe and free bet! Ohhh snap
Using the giftcard that christy and paul gave us for our engagement. THANKS GUYS!
Feast buffet with the fam
Bowling!!
Last night of our staycation! :(
Mystery gift!!!
Midnight showing of Hunger Games. Hell yeah!
Someone, anyone keep me text company. Working a 12 hour shift for New Years. Gettin' paid!
Working the Super Bowl party. Bouts to get my grub on!
KA was fantastic!
Watching 21 Jump Street. Who the hell thought it was a good idea to build a casino way out here?
The atrium show is pretty cool. My 2 year old daughters begs to see it all of the time.
Blah. The midway and circus acts are fun with kids, the rest you can just skip.
Check out the aquarium when you have a chance. You may even see a mermaid.
Nice rooms!
Pretty casino but on the pricey side.
My favorite hotel and casino.
There are a ton of restaurants here!
$5 to park. Yikes!
There is a no smoking section in the slots area and it smells so much better in it too!
It is always so smokey in here. Beware if you don't like smokey air.
Nice locals spot but super smokey. Cough cough!
Check out the Earl of Sandwich if you are here. It is yummy.
50% off in the restaurants with local ID!
Can't beat 99cent margaritas at all of the Station Casinos
Miso Butterfish is like back home
It's like I'm back home!!! :)
Feels like I'm home!
So nice :) :) :)
Lil gamblin' and Dinner
Old school by the pool. Live band, drinks. Good time.
Our first yappy hour!!!!!! Can't wait to do it again!
This place is wayyyyyy more fun than the M resort!!!
Marquee box office is a small whole in the wall behind queue bar. It's hard to find but it's there!
Can't beat $55/night!
Try to avoid this place when the rodeo is in town. It gets pretty packed!
Parking is rough and full
Better hotels in the area
Parking is easy
Walk everywhere !
Park for free at structure
Parking structures
Lots of parking
Don't ever come here. It's horrible inside. I should have picked up my guest in valet. This place is hot and dank. If your meeting someone here, meet them outside and take them somewhere nice.
Hey mom look at me! I'm Nancy friggen' Kerrigan!!
Darth Vader: Michael K.... I am your father. Michael K.: Say waaaaaahhhh?
Cmye!
Rock n roll realtors!!
Brother's bachelor party starts now
Getting faded on green beer at 2pm.. This is how every day should be!!
Great for couple's retreat ;)
Very nice and clean.
Pool side
8/31/11 Yelp Elite hour 7-8pm and then CMYE:Nerdy Dancing 8-10pm
Nice breakfast buffet with family and relaxing mystic falls park ;0)
Waiting for the fireworks ;0)
Quick local buffet in Henderson cheapest I've heard of yet in Vegas
Checking in
Back in the room, going to put these beds to the test.
Rise & Shine. Sleep wasn't bad in the beds.
BMG!
They stock ginger beer...I'm in love!
Checking out the venue for my NV Police & Fire Games powerlifting competition tomorrow.
Jay Cutler's Desert Classic live from the Pearl at the Palms
Cashing in a bet I took a year ago
Division III Kentucky basketball in Vegas!
Sunday funday with drink tix
Reward card knocks $3 off dinner buffet!
Lobby bar
Play myVEGAS to earn comps on Facebook, they post red chips & purple chips for the mobile are now in promo codes. Like them now. https://www.facebook.com/myvegas follow them on twitter for more red chips. https://www.twitter.com/myVEGAS NEW Black Jack http://myvegas.com/blackjack
Play myVEGAS to earn comps on Facebook, they post red chips & purple chips for the mobile are now in promo codes. Like them now. https://www.facebook.com/myvegas follow them on twitter for more red chips. https://www.twitter.com/myVEGAS NEW Black Jack http://myvegas.com/blackjack
Picked up our Tournament Of Kings tickets (3). Thanks to myVEGAS for these $60.29 retail tickets for free!
Play myVEGAS to earn comps on Facebook, they post red chips & purple chips for the mobile are now in promo codes. Like them now. https://www.facebook.com/myvegas follow them on twitter for more red chips. https://www.twitter.com/myVEGAS NEW Black Jack http://myvegas.com/blackjack
Check in on yelp, get 10% off room rate (great)!
Early weekdays the service can be slow.
The caf is good. & the buffet is alright not a huge selection for what you pay.
The comedy club is nice.
Play myVEGAS to earn comps on Facebook, they post red chips & purple chips for the mobile are now in promo codes. Like them now. https://www.facebook.com/myvegas follow them on twitter for more red chips. https://www.twitter.com/myVEGAS NEW Black Jack http://myvegas.com/blackjack
Play myVEGAS to earn comps on Facebook, they post red chips & purple chips for the mobile are now in promo codes. Like them now. https://www.facebook.com/myvegas follow them on twitter for more red chips. https://www.twitter.com/myVEGAS NEW Black Jack http://myvegas.com/blackjack
Play myVEGAS to earn comps on Facebook, they post red chips & purple chips for the mobile are now in promo codes. Like them now. https://www.facebook.com/myvegas follow them on twitter for more red chips. https://www.twitter.com/myVEGAS NEW Black Jack http://myvegas.com/blackjack
Play myVEGAS to earn comps on Facebook, they post red chips & purple chips for the mobile are now in promo codes. Like them now. https://www.facebook.com/myvegas follow them on twitter for more red chips. https://www.twitter.com/myVEGAS NEW Black Jack http://myvegas.com/blackjack
Play myVEGAS to earn comps on Facebook, they post red chips & purple chips for the mobile are now in promo codes. Like them now. https://www.facebook.com/myvegas follow them on twitter for more red chips. https://www.twitter.com/myVEGAS NEW Black Jack http://myvegas.com/blackjack
Play myVEGAS to earn comps on Facebook, they post red chips & purple chips for the mobile are now in promo codes. Like them now. https://www.facebook.com/myvegas follow them on twitter for more red chips. https://www.twitter.com/myVEGAS NEW Black Jack http://myvegas.com/blackjack
Play myVEGAS to earn comps on Facebook, they post red chips & purple chips for the mobile are now in promo codes. Like them now. https://www.facebook.com/myvegas follow them on twitter for more red chips. https://www.twitter.com/myVEGAS NEW Black Jack http://myvegas.com/blackjack
Play myVEGAS to earn comps on Facebook, they post red chips & purple chips for the mobile are now in promo codes. Like them now. https://www.facebook.com/myvegas follow them on twitter for more red chips. https://www.twitter.com/myVEGAS NEW Black Jack http://myvegas.com/blackjack
Play myVEGAS to earn comps on Facebook, they post red chips & purple chips for the mobile are now in promo codes. Like them now. https://www.facebook.com/myvegas follow them on twitter for more red chips. https://www.twitter.com/myVEGAS NEW Black Jack http://myvegas.com/blackjack
Play myVEGAS to earn comps on Facebook, they post red chips & purple chips for the mobile are now in promo codes. Like them now. https://www.facebook.com/myvegas follow them on twitter for more red chips. https://www.twitter.com/myVEGAS NEW Black Jack http://myvegas.com/blackjack
Play myVEGAS to earn comps on Facebook, they post red chips & purple chips for the mobile are now in promo codes. Like them now. https://www.facebook.com/myvegas follow them on twitter for more red chips. https://www.twitter.com/myVEGAS NEW Black Jack http://myvegas.com/blackjack
Ripping up the gaming floor carpets. 9 pm 4/19/15.  This is NOT a family hotel!  It's a dark, smokey truck stop, what did you expect for the price?
If you don't like smoking rooms don't book here. The rooms & casino smell old but nothing done trial size Febreeze can fix. It's cheap for a reason, book a rental car to get around, cheaper than a taxi.
Lower rates on their website for AAA/CAA,  AARP/Senior,  Government/military.
I'm so glad to be home on my comfortable bed. Maybe my lower back & neck will feel better from that horribly stiff bed we had in our world supreme room.
Amazing service & they have awesome music playing constantly.
Love these corner rooms with extra seating!!!
You can go up to the top for free! Visit the bar between 4pm-7pm for their 2 for 1 drink happy hour! Just tell them you're going to the bar and they'll let you right up!
Get here early to secure an umbrella... Daybeds are fabulous but expensive on holiday weekends. Still the best pool deal in town though.
Hmmm, probably wouldn't stay here next time...
New craps machine!
Miracle mile shops...hmmm :p
First time here, I like it! :)
Woohoooo!
Staycation @hotel 32!!!
Best resort in green valley!
They have a Gospel Brunch!
Trump pool service is terrible, GET IT TOGETHER, we are thirsty!
Westin you need to UP grade your rooms. Furnishings and all.
I love this place everyone's so nice
Love the rooms here
With..... Hehe:)
Gotta love this place! :)
Good for 5 Dollar tables
I only come here to see a movie not much else here keeps me interested.
Back to work
Great bar hopping!
Slow service like always.....
5 dollar tables!
Watching the games in the sports book
Time to win some money
Only place I know that gives you beer for cashing your check ..
It has lost of art all over the area.. They also have musical instruments that you can play..
New show - Million Dollar Quartet
Caesar salad and dipping sauces are a must!
No waterslides!!! The only reason we booked the hotel, so my girls can hang out and enjoy the pool...oh well!
Exceptional service and good food.
Now remodeled and remenu'd as Pasta Cocina. Huge improvement!
Fried calamari the best in the menu!! Luv it
Great specials. Tasty food
Italian food is amazingly better with 'Villa M' Moscato  wine with dinner!
2 bedroom master suites! This is the way to go!
Room decent size. Hotel continues to overbook. Rooms aren't guaranteed. Poor service for high end hotel. Venetian is better.
Sports Book & Keno....ARGHHHHH!
Attending the National Launch for MyVideoTalk! If you're interested in Advanced Social Media and residual income, hit me up and we can talk!
History in the making! Day 1
Beautiful hotel, but don't play the slots at the casino bars. Company policy is to NOT comp drinks for players. Brutal!
Philly Cheesesteak has melted cheese (+1) but it was kind of dry.
Quiet lounge? On a Friday?...
Free entry for locals!
Poolside for my bday!
Thank you Firesta Henderson for supporting our military dining out!
4th of July weekend~ packed every corner...
swimming in the rain = awesome!!!
Warren's UYE~
food truck festival
Love this place
Small place but fun place to play !
Nice old Vegas feel
Waiting to see the show , showroom is tiny so all seats are good
Great place to gamble !! Best valet !! Thanks Robert & Phil !!
Best valet in town !!
Great place to see a movie !
Someone needs to let yelp know there is a Fridays inside SAMs town
Stagecoach bar progressive is $1,446.08
Sports book deli is very good for quick snack while placing a bet
Only thing missing is my money !!
Packed for Superbowl can't even get to the tables
Wings at the deli :)
Another late nite at SAMs great machines at upstairs bar
They are taking a lot of slots and video games out !
Still the best place on boulder !!
Looks like they are fixing a lot of stuff there . Escalator to bingo - roof near bingo ...
Uncle kracker march 5th at 8.                      March 3rd Jimmie Johnson will be here @ 6:30 5 time cup champion !!
Nice and peaceful again now that race fans are gone
Escalator in back of park only working going up !
4th floor of garage #2 is being worked on so we can not park any floor past #3 .
They are just about done putting new lights in garage #2
I guess the staging place for the Bellman is the Bar by the frt. door.
They have Santa in a fish tank !!
Lots of new games to play then heading to movie
It's a frat house in here.
Cheap drinks!!!
Getting drunk whoop!!!
Lots of new stuff here.
Drinking at 3 pm.
Country on Fridays. Look for Against the Grain
Grooving High Orchestra on Fridays!
Last chance to see a great band!
Here for VegasStreats
Tom at iBar is a sweetheart.
Lobby has a chess table, artwork, and TCM on a screen at the bar. Good first impression.
Dinner with the parents
One last hurrah... to days gone by
Here to cheer on my friends in the marathon!
Michael Grimm every Saturday night only $5!
Tesla tonight. Turning back the clock & feeling 16 again.
Dance dance revolution...
Renovations are looking great!
Dancing!
Swinging out!
Dance!
Friday night swing!
Happy birthday to my dad!
Toastmasters
Old and kind of shabby
Great burgers when you order room service!!
They have a shitty parking garage!!
George Wallace is HILARIOUS!! he has an awesome show!!
Awesome escalator!!
Beer dinner!
Nice rooms for work meetings
Best 24 hr casino coffee shop in Clark county.  Extremely low prices, and the food is similar to those Cracker Barrels in Utah.
Rape murder is just a shot away - merry clayton
Now that we've moved this has been the go to place for the late night specials.
Brunch
This place is on its last leg!
Mi Casa to see if the food is back to what it was before
Gambling it up!
I like the buffalo chicken wrap & free comps!
Waiting in line!
1/2 off all food for locals in January!
Brought my parents out to lunch.. having chicken fajitas! !
Going to the Tank pool!!
Enjoying the beauty
I'm here to get some shots of miguel coto and mayweather as they arrive for this weekends fight
#NerdyDancing!
Try the lemon cucumber water or cran spritzer!
Breakfast buffet offers a good selection and is reasonably priced. The service this morning was excellent. I go here 3 to 4 times a month and will continue.
They have a pretty nice buffet. I go for lunch usually. Good service. Reasonable prices. Good selection. All in all it's worth a try!
No cover charge!
pool time!
pool time!
pool time.
foodie festival! #nomnom
Pickin up the whip! Lol.
staycation!
bingo bitch's!!
Woo hoooo!
Cutest chefs on the strip :-)
With Premyer gettin our wings on!
Henderson chillin lol
Oxtail soup I think so!
Last time I was here was 2003!
Bein random!
Crazy people out tonite!!
Galavanting!
Black woman!
Ryan Leslie for free.99!! Lol
For those that are White Castle fans...there's a guy rolling around the casino handing out free sliders.  Today until 6 pm.
Wreaks of smoke, body odour, fast food and desperation; at 9AM. Hey at least the restrooms had running water.
Danzig
Now open for about a week. Very nice inside come check it out!
Still my fav hotel on the strip! =)
Kilow@tts drinks were strong while laying pool side. Stir has a wonderful happy hour frm 4-8p: everything 1/2 off. Suite was gorgeous.
Can't wait until you open!!! Exited for Jos Andrs Bazaar Meats!!!!
Valet is to ur left when entering
Valet here takes a long time to bring up your car!
The hotel registration is located on the East wing
Across the street food truck galore yum yum! Hurry!!! End at 9 & lonesome r long
Great food
Not as smokey smelly as other resorts!
Resto week!!!
Food truck festival!
Take notice of the amazing architecture and design on every inch!
If you stay at the roman tower, might as well go stay at a motel 6... Other towers are a bit stepped up at least.
Not too shabby a place to stay :)
Sign up for a station card... you'll thank me in the long run. Deals,Deals,Deals, from rooms to the buffet.
Checking out the wsop main event
Haven't been here in forever. Kicking it w the old homie though!
Justins playtime
tourney @ 7
Here to grab a fat Tuesday w some old friends
Haircut appt w barber p
Atb tonight
fast five again
x-men
free breakfast beeyotch!!
great oxtail soup special
where you at poges?! lol
steak&eggs FTW!!
g'yea
steak&eggs
the tuesday crew minus the lammert sisters
this hotel is whack i just use it as parking to go to hooters hotel lol
33rd floor suite!! hb x lv x sd/france
hb x lv's second home... let the games begin!!
home
last night =(
Watching friends with benefits
Ice skating!
Going for Lappert's ice cream
Good night vegas.
Birthday party!
We're back bitches
It's been a while
Parokya Ni Edgar, Kitchie Nadal & Kamikaze concert :)
Checking in.
Bowling time!
It's been a while
I'm never home.
I can't believe i found a parking spot lol
:(
TuffNuff
Here to watch MJ live a Michael Jackson tribute.
Beautiful hotel with great shopping
The hotel I visit the most
Hanging out at gold lounge
Great room and friendly people!
Seriously !!
Eat your heart out !!
3.99 steak n eggs from midnight to 6am!
Cash your paycheck here free and get a free drink!
75 cent Chicago dogs
Bingo is so cooooool!!!!!!
Patty Janura Band rockin it tonight!
Home for the next few days
Home this weekend
Home for the weekend :)
Home for the weekend. They renovated real nice in here
Connection on your cell phone is not the best in Vegas, but Flamingos connection sucks!  They want you to pay for their wifi
Late check in.
Yes
At the buffet. Sad they ran out of crab.
Used hotel tonight app for good deals. Use my promo code JKHEMVISAI
Lol wtf yeeeer
Make a left at the parking garage.
They kicked us out of the penthouse even after paying in the first hour because it was a wedding party with 2 minors out of 50 guests with alcohol present. Worst hotel very upscale but poor flexibility and shiltty understanding. Unprofessional. They dont care even if its your wedding they kick you to the curb.
Mission imposible
Movies
Bowling watching
Nice and cool water fall area. Relax-o-matic.
Kicking it at Kixx
One of the nicest hotels on the strip
Keep in mind it is a casino... So leave your kids at home.
Wednesday nights it's free well drinks for ladies 8pm-10pm
Another disappointing service..... That ends my visits here.  Three strikes and your done.   Poor service--sloppy salsa bar and bland food.   Sorry Amigos--you lost 5 customers.  :-(
It's an oldie but a goodie when it comes to loose slots!
You walk through the bar for your seats so have some cash on hand for an adult tasty beverage!
They totally do a "Guest of the Day" and yours truly is it for today!! Bag of goodies, milk and cookies? Yes please!! And thank you!!!
Beware the hidden resort fee charge. Not posted on their mobile website.
...paperrrrrecha$in...
I'm heeeeere,papercha$in' work grind!
UFC 128 in Dixie's...$30,first draft on us :)
...my 2nd home...
:) woooork grind!!!
...half way thru my shift...im ready for some gym time :p
blah...praying for a busy/eventful work night...so dont wanna be here! *suckin' it up*
...let's do this,8 hours til' my weekend-i'm ready!
it's my friiiiiiday,work grind boutta happen!
...eeeee...lookin' forward to whats about to go down AFTER work ;p
...present...
chasin' ain't easy,but it's gotta' be done...makin' it rain!!!
ha$e...just that time again...
...here...but wish I were still in my bed :/ let's do this!
ready!
here...but im just not feelin' it :( hopin' for a busy start-ha$e time...
on the grind :)
It is decent food and cheap beer for a cheap price! Keeps it real y'all!
Coffee & Tea in the lobby all the time! :)
Walls & Ceilings are paper thin...
Still remodeling lobby...
Suite has 2 non-operational lights, cloggee showrler and delayed hot water...
Free coffee & Tea in the lobby all day!
The air is dry...
Got upgraded to a 2 bd/2 ba suite!
Jean Phillippe for mid-afternoon snack!
Strip View on 36th - Compliments of $20 trick
Can settle room charges w MGM Resorts gift card!
Early deluxe room check-in with strip view, compliments of the $20 trick with Brian! :)
Speedy check out!
37th strip view with $20 trick
Check out the rooftop pool!
Wicked Spoon!
Some employees wear gloves and a Black Aria shirt underneath Starbucks apron?!?
On Promenade level by the arcade
Bingo!
Don't bother- it's non-smoking now. (Why do they have a big humidor then? I don't know.)
Boddington's on tap!
Got the last spot in the parking garage. Suck it, Escalade!
Happy birthday, Caroline!!
Come late to steel panther.
Tim says: How is it that I can get a filet mignon *sandwich* but can't get a good-  steak.
At this moment, YOU should be with us. Feeeling like we do...
Come for the Pasadena -style grilled steaks, stay for the sangria!
Pet-friendly!!
Excellent wine cellar!
Don't eat the yellow snow.
Super hot hot tub!
Red, hard, & angry.
Michelle says. "I love Tek.  She's probably the most like me. Only not at all like me. But just like me."
Here to see Euge Groove.
Jazz at the Railhead, whoot!
Buffet!
Getting my Wuste on
last comic standing. mr warmth himself. Don Rickles!
Surprise surprise surprise
Downtown is insane tonight.
The dude who just won a few hundy at 3 Card Poker "loves Vegas!"
Making Strides Against Breast Cancer!
Here we are!
Fremont street experience for elmar's last night in Vegas..
Eating a salad and walking downtown with kuya ludan!
Poolside :)
steaggs with jern! Lol
Dancing water.. romance all by myself.. celine dion style. LOL
At dad's job dinner party in the Grand Ballroom :)
Where are you Ramzy?
Pick up service
Hittin up the food court.
Happy 11.11.11
Celebrating my past presidency lol!
debut party lol
Movies
Checkout the buffet
Check out the firefly buffet!
May soon be my workplace...details will come in time
Gotta get my bets in for tonight...Los Toros (translation for Mikey...Da BULLS)to go up 3-0 on the Pacers and Kings to even up with Sharks
One of my stops for work tonight
Here we go...in line...3 1/2 hours to go....
Working...somewhat...this line ain't moving too fast...maybe I should go back and hang in the parking lot at charlies
Working... convention center pau  hana so hanging here
Went to the sink oh day my oh festivities with my pal :)
OK now I'm here
Slow night...but we'll see what happens
Heheh gotta get the football bets in and bust the losing streak!
Chillin watchin basketball
Feelin' lucky?
Keeping Gib company... that's all
Payin a friend I haven't seen in awhile a visit...wazzup Kat :D
Line was long at Rio...hanging out here instead..
I got connections. ...I know the bunny...kinda
Got called into work...might as well be somewhere I can see bunnies and other eye candy
Las Vegas Bowl tonight....Boise State gonna win the game most likely but ASU is gonna out party em...could mean good business tonight
Dropping Gib off to work and grabbing a frapp
Actually passed by here on the way to the MC...hopefully it moves more like Saturday than Tuesday!
trying here first tonight...
Biggest sports book in the world . Who am I betting on? Squeelers or little tiggers? Ahhhh I'll just take the under!
Working right now but seems everyone that's here is having fun
Work time
Work time...haha just a couple of hours of halloween left
Got a class this morning when I oughta be sleeping...lol
Ohhh what could I possibly be doing here at this hour...lol...my friends that are here too...they know ;)
Work time! Heheh
Ok I'm working...heheh actually on a break
Ohhh yeah...I'm here for 8 hours ;)
Working! Heheh
Halfway thru TGIF!
Just like hangin out here for 8hrs a day...5 days a week ;)
Here for....heheh 4hrs and 45 mins more :D
Hangin out here til 7am again
Ok...time to hang out here while most people are sleeping ;)
Only hangin out for another hour and 45mins!
Yup...hanging out all night again
Hump day!
TGI....not quite F....that's tomorrow...but gonna be "workout Monday" so let's get thru this nite
Daaaaaaang I'm still workin on stuff from last night! Maybe make this one go by faster....hopefully
I'm 10-8...well in a little while anyway
10-8...holiday long weekend should mean the shift goes by quickly :D
I'll be 10-8 at 2300
Oh geez. What the heck am I doing here? Haha working...but not the same way as before ;)
always seem to end up here LOL
Yup...here again! Hey I didn't look...did they put a stetson on that statue on top of Diablos? Heheh made ya look!
Yup...here again!
Always seem to end up here when I'm working on the strip....howz that happen?
Yup...again!
Bring on the 408s! I got a van with a ramp tonight :D
yup here again heheh
Yup...again...heheheh
I got the "408 specialty vehicle" tonight! My van has a ramp! Just roll em up and dump em in!
Again?!?!
Working....where are the 408s?
yup I'm here now....ready to be the designated driver....that's my job
working. Heheh I visit a lot of hotels at work
Jus chillin on my night off enjoying the atmosphere
Marquee Monday! Oh wait it's Tuesday I missed it....ahhhhh maybe someone will wanna go somewhere anyway 5555
I dunno.... anyone need a ride?
Bouta get my grub on.
Ah! Gotta hurry inside, it's pouring!!!
Drama!!!
Showtime!!
Meeting with hopefully new Friends lol
Numb bar!
Ahhh what a day!!!
Ugh
Bleeeh!
Blah!
Almost.....
: D
!!!!!!!
Just thought I'd have lunch with my honey bunny today :)
Love that its slow & steady around this time!
Phantom is a must see!
Mj tix!!
Mj tonight yay!!!!!
Waiting for my date :-D
Ahhh im going to buy my tix!!!
Ah meetings
Pumped up!!!!
Veterans Day Dinner Buffet!!!
Carnival World Buffet Dinner with Tabari!!!
With the Fam!!!
With the Family!!!
Love the buffet, good mix of games, cheap table games, and a good mix of customers.
I won't take the Venetian for granted anymore.
Time to get liquored up!!
Happy Fathers Day!
Going to tournament of the kings...
Going to white rabbit again!!!
Sakeeeeee
Steve Byrne!
Going to simons
Going to Milos
Buffet! Right across the street from Mom's pad!
The largest Hooters in the world!
Hi. My name is Sarah. I love Hooters.
Such a lovely place.
Kid casino! Training kids to be future gamblers. Lol
The Lions' Den
At VIVA SALSA having a steak asada taco bowl.
Bright lights
Love the service here
Nice, clean, and affordable.
Clean, nice, and Affordable. Highly recommend if your looking for something away from the strip.
Not pet friendly :(
Not dog friendly :(
Not a pet friendly hotel :(
Allow up to 2 dogs per hotel per night if you stay here & cost about $50/ night
Check in at 4 pm & check out at 11 am
$50 pet fee for entire stay and can bring as many pets as you want (confirmed from a customer rep)
Hotel 1 mi away from the strip
Check in time is 4 pm and check out time is 11 am
Pet friendly! Pets over 50 lbs may be permitted, but need prior approval. $150 refundable deposit & $35 pet cleaning fee daily
Not dog friendly :(
Wow, a hotel in Vegas actually providing free (unprotected) wifi (1st floor, at the coffee/ cafe area). Total score!
Not dog friendly :(
Pet friendly hotel: maximum of 2 pets per room (with maximum weight of 25 lbs) & nonrefundable $200 fee for entire stay
Sweet, late check out (4 pm) at no additional cost
Pets up to 40 lbs stay for free during your hotel stay. Just required to sign a waiver.
Dog friendly: $100 deposit required & $100 per room, per day. No more than 25 lbs
Love this locals casino! Love that it's right down the street from my place.
Love the Sunday brunch Mimosas. :-D
Gots to love there concerts. :-D
Tom Collin drinks are great. ;-)
BINGO!
Smells like old man in here!
They were amazing we have a party of 18 at the "buffet" they were kind and organized making the experience NIcE
I love cashing my checks here free drinks and chances to win $$$ lol
Not too shabby for a hotel.  I got great rates for my stay.  Fitness room is garbage, but buffet is in point!
Rooms are pretty great! Buffet is nothing less than amazing and there's things for the whole family!
There's much more than just gambling here, from their marvellous buffet to their view, you won't be dissatisfied!
Great customer service!
Machines are available
Avoid this casino wells rest of Station Casinos. They are in debt as Caesar's is now. Meaning they are rarely paying out. Here's a test listen how quiet it is. Before the recession you use to hear someone screaming when they won a jackpot.
Has the best sports book in the world. William Hill. Who has the most parlay cards and the best payouts.
Save yourself some time and money and invest in the stock market you'll have better odds of gains then coming here.
Don't set your expectations too high on winning here.
Don't expect to win big.
Don't fool yourself thinking that you'll make money here.
Odds are you winning here is not good. Just a word of caution. Casino has high overhead from hotel, rooms, food and labor.
They are busy remodeling to make this way better than previous owners.
Parking lots full up because it's hot.
RV PARK, has a separate entrance. WiFi.  Pets cannot be over 35 lbs. NOT for us.
Stunning, trees, shade, four pools, tennis. Stylish and military discounts.
There steaks suck. What a waste of money and time. Never going back.!!
Cant go wrong in a station casino property
It takes waaayyyy too long to get a margarita at the bar I'VE WAITED over 10min to get my $1 margarita and the bartender that waited on me was rude AF!
The bar...the bar...and THE BAR!!!!! RUDE AF BARTENDERS!!!!!!
The bar, and cocktail waitresses at the sports book. That's what I DO NOT LIKE!!!! Poor service.
Try to park over in spaces 128-135 plenty of shade!
The bathrooms are smelly at times.
Their Wi-Fi really blows.  Supposedly, they are going to get a "new company"...
The 515 FREEWAY!!!!!!!!!! ARGHHHHH So much darn noise.
the 515 freeway!!!!!
The Feast buffet has the worst customer service of any Station Casino!
Came here with my financee to play bingo and the doubers smell weird. 1 star!
Don't expect any hot water, microwave, mini- fridge or coffee maker.
Go and stay somewhere else..
5 cashiers at teller window and only one person being helped. Terrible service!!!
No problem checking in room was clean had a great stay will return.
Lunch time
One of my favorite Vegas places
Holy shit, I must be drunk. $1.00 blackjack? OKAY!
4th of July Fireworks Show - AWESOME!!
First time here and we left $227 richer
Latin night at King Ink, oh yeeeaaah
No soap & strange stains in the bathtub!
You can find some good deals on Expedia.
Guaranteed check-in is @ 4 pm. Since this is a resort, don't expect to show before noon and have a chance @ early check-in. I know I'll be sleeping in on my check-out day.
Aria has their own beer. On tap @ the Lobby Bar.
No kids allowed in the gambling area of course, but...there's a movie theater connected right down the hall from the casino.
Live music in the Cabo Lounge.
Hawaii's favorite casino!
Scale The Strat! Running up 108 floors/1455 steps for American Lung Association!
A-List Open Mic at The Oasis Lounge.
One of my favorite casinos. My hubby's dad designed parts of it.
Live music in the Palace Grand Lounge.
Dress well half of Kuwait is here. And they dont play. #Gaultier
Miss savannahs walking the green carpet
HOLLAR so pretty in here
Bowling at the Santa Fe is like waiting at the DVM for your number to be called!
Out and about! Ready to watch shark night 3D!!! :)
Mmmmmm
The infamous California Hotel that all the Hawaii people stay in.
South Tower needs serious updating! No fridge, micro or safe in room. $35 a night is a fair deal.
Beer pong !
Yep !
Go wings !
Catching lobsters !
Victoy's!
Yep
Respect the Duke !
Little bar bartenders are weak rite now!  ~the duke
Boat eh ?
Duke sun !
Gimme$$$$!!!
Pool time !
Cigarette 4.39  All Major Brands
The guest rooms at Palms Place are chic minimalist statement in black,white and stainless steel .Feel of a sleek New York penthouse.  Bonus  The walk in shower shares a glass wall with the bedroom. Good Memories
Everyone deserves a little self indulgent pleasure,  now and then.
Good for the Mind,Body and Soul. ....Sheer Dedacadance.
Don't miss the purple hammocks on the white sand beach.
Best buffet in tonw ......
Go somewhere else! Not safe!
Good morning Las Vegas, up and ready to make today great #Staycation
Gettin' my prime rib fix w/ babe and Jordan:)
Bowling:)
Bowling!
Checking out one of the Old Vegas Casinos!
It's lunch time!
Waiting to start work. Lol!
Loved seeing the dolphins, lions, tigers, and leopards!
Another day of work! It's my Friday!
Hi Ho....Hi Ho...it's off to work I go!
Time to make some money!
Feels nice to be back here! I missed Adan's sarcastic comments!
Too early for a meeting!
Hope luck is on my side
Eating at Capriotti's! The Bobbie is da bomb!
Hawaiian Festival!!
Sharks in d pool!!!
Aloha Festival!!
Me n d Wifey watchin Jordan Sparks perform! Thanks Kristal for d heads up!!!
Workin d Fight!
Pickin up tickets for Lion King Live!
Workin Kiss/Mtley Cre Concert wit Wifey!
Workin Lifehouse concert poolside...possible rain! Wet tshirt contest!
Workin d Weezer concert
Workin Toby Keith n Eric Church concert wit d Wifey
Workin Blink 182/My Chemical Romance concert!!
Workin Enrique Iglesias n Pitbull concert! Brrrrrrrrrat!
Workin Def Leopard n Poison concert
workin pitbull concert! brrrrraaaaat!
Watchin Russell Peters wit d Wifey! Somebody gonna geta hurta reaal bad!
Workin Justin Timberlake and Friends concert
Work Paul Solail Benefit concert! It's like listening to Rebel Souljahz on Pandora!!!
Worked Big Time Rush concert
Workin Nick Jr concert again...Beat Street Band
Workin Big Head Todd concert
Working Gordon Lightfoot concert. Ooooold Schoool...
Me n Wifey workin Aaron Lewis concert
Workin Matt Kearney concert
Supporting Filipino comedian/Magician Justin Rivera!!
Casino floor Looks the same as 15 years ago last time I ventured here
Hanging out in the pool area is the bomb!
Nice clean movie theater.
Everclear Saturday at 8pm!
Bingo runs from 9am-11pm every odd hour.
No parking for concerts, but plenty of space open for the valet for hotel guests only. Avoid!
Henry had great grub
Agave Cantina happy hour daily from 4-9pm. Pretty good happy hour deals
Garduno's all you can eat tacos
Buffet is really good!
Bet against the Lakers
Cashing in a winner
Hanging out on the street. Getting samples and stuff
At the Corporate Challenge Pool Party.
Just saw the Lone Ranger.  Could have waited for the Red Box special. Got a good nap in....
Waiting to see Percy Jackson. Yeah!
At the Three Square's DISH Event...
At Raiding the Rock Vault. Rock On.
Going to rock out tonight! Woo-Hoo!!!!
Volunteering at the Mayor's Conference watching all the EDC people getting on the busses. Too early for such colors.  Where is the coffee?
Winning at the slots. The Hula girls are dancing and the Panda Bear is climbing the Palm. Winner Winner Chicken Dinner.
Swipe and Win, ya'll.
Swop an win. I got a UFC tee.
Winner winner chicken dinner. I just swiped an won a free buffet for one..
Swipe swipe swipe it good . I just won a free gift. It's a piggy bank in shape of Uncle Sam's Hat. Stars and strips and all the like. Just in time to save for next years taxes...
Using my free coupon at the troth.
Swipe it up, swipe it down, swipe it left, swipe it right. Swipe it like you mean it... Win win wynn? No do it the Red Rock way + two more times....yeah!!!
Feasting over, Yum!
Swipe and win! Fri and Sat.
Swipe it and you know it's good. One free Buffett- win, win.
Looking for a big win tonight. It sure would round out the weekend.
Swiping the card waiting to collect if my number comes up... Luck be the man tonight!
25  free entries into tonight's drawing. Woo Hoo! Swiped it good.
Swiping early, won 75 entries into today's drawing. Wow more chances to win. It may be a winning weekend...
Waiting for my number to be called. I have 75 entries in and the hubby has 25. So with 100 entries we feel like winners..
Swiping but not winning.
Swiped and got 50 Entries for tonight drawing. Win, win, win?
At the Fun after 55 "Good Vibrations" Expo. Helping out at the Susan G Komen table. Waiting to see the Famous forever young Beach Boy.
Garrett Popcorn , a taste of Chi-Town.
At Vdara- Susan G Komen Event for the Mighty Survivors at their Luncheon. Helping out for the afternoon. It's really cool in their Ballroom area and pretty.
Private party on the top with unlimited access to rides!
The ballroom chairs are like memory foam on your toosh.
For non-smokers that enjoy luxury at a reasonable price!
They have Peter Thomas Roth toiletries :)
They have a pool!! ;)
$2 Corona and Heineken!
$2 drinks till midnight!
pirates!!!
Harry Potter!!!!!! ahhhh!!!!!
Love this hotel! No casino noise!
Cathay houses dim sum was better this time around . They are getting it together
Real coin machines!
Oui ces't moi!
Nice!
To pay my gambling bill.
Ritas and slots!
I love it! 99 cent ritas! I'm there!
Le reve tonight!
Happy birthday to my beautiful niece Angelina!
Picking up tickets to Russell Peters to
Hooked me up with a Suite!
Appetizers tonight in the club lounge. San Francisco bay shrimp salad, garlic risotto, wild mushrooms and wine marinated flank steak.
Yoga Mondays 700 am @ the multi purpose room
Free access to Golds Gym
Ask for free water bottles at the desk.
Go see Raiding the Rock Vault! Very good!
Fresh fruit infused water available to the right before entering to the lobby. Very refreshing :-)
Ok let me start by saying that our reservations were at 7 pm. It took over an hour for our food to be brought to us and this is no exaggeration. When we finally got our steaks, they were over cooked/recooked and just not edible. How do you mess up 3 porterhouse steaks. My margarita was really bad and the kids didn't enjoy their pasta dishes either. Needless to say, our meals were comped. Won't be rushing back to this place.
Pabst Blue Ribbon $1
Nice place.
Waiting in a long line at Will Call!
So this place must've been the bomb in the 70's. A little dated but very nice staff.
10$ on 23 black... And breakfast
World Series of Comedy day 2
There are two trees involved.- mitch hedburg
Triple tree? No!
Ahhh Vegas theme restaurants .... Why am I here paying far too much?
Pooltime
Silver State Classic Press Conference
Show in the sky with Vern and Lex.
Everytime. They make with the free upgrades. Viva la upgrade.
Perfect for lowering your standards on the strip.
Beatin the valley heat. Great view.
Warm Sticky Toffee Pudding is to die for! Yum.
Bedbugs
Poolside wonderful time
Water in room is $1. Appears complimentary till u see a small $1 sign. Need a key for mini bar fridge. Huge bath tubs, perfect for Lush bath bombs :-)
You need Drivers licence or passport to check in!
Dress to impress. Valet is like a wind tunnel. My hair & clothing were flying everywhere!
It's all about valet.
It's farrrrrr away from everything but is in a not scary area. There's a Wal Mart nearby....if ur into that thing.
Shark tank/pool
70 $ room on a Friday
Time for new Gucci  shit
Love the pool view
Tie bet on blackjack!
A great place for live PPV action with decent cover or free! Plus Boxing!
Sign up for the players card!
Park in the parking garage located between the Rio and Gold Coast
If staying here make sure to take advantage of the Valet Service because this place is huge and the parking lot and garage are quite a walk!
Tower Suites! The only way to do it at Wynn! Spacious and perfectly located within 10 minutes from anything you want to do.
Stay and play!
MGM owned
Valet!
Park at Hooters and walk across its much easier than parking at MGM
Arrive later to avoid a line
Valet every time! This place is too huge to do otherwise
Late night steak and eggs!!
Sign up for the players card!
Gotta make dem chips!
See you soon!
Valet! It's the only way to get in and out of this place in a flash
Probably the best place to stay and play, since it's across from the Cromwell and Caesars. easier to get to than parking at Caesars and almost the same walking distance if you parked here.
Sign up for their players card
Elevators aren't working at both parking garages
Tip well at valet! Well worth the saved trek
Walk from other properties unless it's raining lol
Really impressive how they changed the old Blue Man Group stage. I really feel like I'm on the Sunset Strip. Toast up to the hairbands of the 80's!!!!!!!
One of the older parking garages in Vegas.  You will want to go slow,  especially in a larger vehicle,  as the turns are sharp.  The lanes are narrow too. When in the garage elevators,  so on level 3 to access the hotel via inside, air conditioned walkways.
Winter wonderland! Pretty cool!
There are major renovations happening here. ...... Have patience,  and prepare to walk alot. Can't wait to see the new Quad totally done, but the old IP makes things very confusing.
Bingo $10k cashball
At Yelp's Elite Event...Clue theme!!
Get the Combo Pan Roast at the Oyster Bar!
Lunch with the fam
Turkey day lunch buffet with the fam
Free wifi
Back again
This place smells old
Smells hella smoky in here
$5 free slot play and free buffet when you sign up for a players card
Mark Curry canceled his show this weekend. Going to see Andrew Norelli instead.
Dinner with my dad
It always smells hella nice in here
Hanging out with my lil cousin
Gonna play the 11pm bingo session
$4 off bingo and a free dauber on your birthday!
$10k bingo!!
Dj at the pool on Fridays from 5-9
9pm bingo
7pm Bingo Super Session
Watching the Giants game
Placing my bets since I can't fall back asleep.
Sports Book doesn't open til 8am on weekdays.
They don't take baseball bets til 8:30am.
Lunch with the fam for my mom's bday.
Xmas buffet with my family from SF
Lunch with my sis
Volunteering at the AFAN Black & White Party
Seeing 30 mins or less
Adam hunter
xxx karaoke in the kings room
conference center for meeting rooms.
chill out lounge in the Apollo room
no tell hotel
here to see a movie
the atrium
they are closing soon :(
the feast buffet.  it's voted best of las Vegas in the rj readers poll.
hot breakfast!
salad?
have some salad,,,
easy access to the aee
easy parking and access to the AVN
shhh....
stop by the clitoraid exhibit in the joint. stop the practice of FGM!
clitoraid on the balcony in the joint.
Love the Kids quest !!
Nice
Staff needs work here.
All Paper Bingo!
Check out the free "show in the sky" and they have a burger king here like no other
Security guard going by Kyle thinks he is a real cop. Very unprofessional. He escalated an issue with a girl that just was not right. Beware when walking the 36th floor because this rent-a-cop is shady.
The sofa bed and no blanket for it suck. Sofa bed is rickety so no freaky freaky on it or injuries might happen. Clean nice room otherwise.
1 am-center bar-9/29/13-more hookers than you can shake a dick at--calling out like circus barkers--a little surprised/disappointed they allow that. Burgers still rock at the cafe.
The lux bus drops off here!!
Here for the rodeo! Yippe-yai-yo-Kai-yah-mo-Fu*ker! Bring on the cowboys!
Black Keys!!!
Looks are deceiving. Lobby downstairs to me looks cramped and small. But actually when you get up to the other levels this place is huge!!
Not to be mistaken for the Flamingo on the strip. This is a timeshare.
Most comfy beds I've ever slept on!! Not so great for bed jumps though because you literally sink into the mattress, no bounce.
$2 dollar Stella in the bottle or on tap, can't beat that deal.
Greatest bartenders!!!
Hotel bathrooms are spacious!
spent like $40 on a 25 cent slot machine and earned like only 60 points on the club card.
The bathroom in the hotel room has a flat screen tv and a phone by the toilet!
Valet is free, don't forget to tip!
Lechon at the buffet on Tuesdays!
If you want to enjoy the roasted pork (which is only served on Tuesday for dinner starting at 4pm), come a few minutes before 4pm to pay $7.99 for the lunch price:-)
Wifi is free to hotel guests; username: last name, password: room number.
Free water bottles in your room!
Free keurig coffee in your room!
The country fried steak is so good!
$2.00 charge for to go orders and no substitutions on the specials.
The potato skins are AMAZING!
Smoke free William Hill sportsbook!
No smoking at the sportsbook!
Nice toiletries and great A/C! It's the little things that count!
The interior makes this the most beautiful hotel in Vegas!
24 hour jacuzzi!
Smoke free William Hill!!
The security presence is very strong. They're always patrolling to the point i
The security presence is overwhelming. They constantly walk around to the point it makes me feel nervous and I'm not even thinking of doing anything wrong!
Taco time!!!
Taco's baby...pescado y pollo...
Thai Lao Fest Cuz...
$2.99 burger deal w/ Boarding Pass
Relaxxxxxxxx
Cheap gambling time
Cheap but still themed and full of energy!
Hard Rock with friends
Awesome show -very talented dancers
Twist restaurant's private room is amazing
The best venue this time of year to see a concert.
2nd time staying here.. Love this place..
This company is owned by Donald thrump I will not do business with racists
Summer buffet special prices! Lunch from $4.99 and dinner from $6.99 with amigo club card!
If you eat at the buffet take your receipt to bowling get a free game
Grab a players card and receive free parking!!!
One of my favorite hotels...
Blue Man group!!
Justin Timberlake and friends!
Maintenance Professional of the year awards dinner.
Going to see Jubilee!!
A 500 security deposit for locals !!! They suck
Bowling: locals get 1st game free w/ id
Bowling; $1 Sundays during football season 7am-midnight
Bowling center: $1 Sundays. With $1 eats
Some intensive bowling prac. $1 games
Staycay with these best friends
Bridal expo.
When you're through thinking, say yes
Hello Mr. Gavin Degraw
Qt fam time
This place is actually playing crystal castles
With Micah & young D
Staycay with my fave people
Love the scent upon walking in.
Cuz I want a free camaro
F'in crazy here. Think some of these chicks are guys.lol
At the Wynn pool.  It's no Beach Club.
Back to work.
Foster the People at Boulevard Pool
Austin is awsome
Having dinner with my hubby
BINGO
Theres a kids quest here!!! :)
Orleans is one of my favorites hotels!!!
Tuesday ia hawaiian food night
With my dad
HR
Getting some food first
Food
Royal Rumble baby!!!
Its about that time
It's that time again
Oh man
CES
Look
Yes
Eh
Oh yeah
My favorite place to go see any movie. Absolutely adore this casino.
Lets do this Sam
Its a crazy down here
$2 AMF
Kicking it
Dinner and then Batman, again! Only this time in imax
Oh yeah
For the Hunters. Na na na na na. Lol
taking a dump here
Best toilet paper of any casino bathroom in Vegas.
1 dollar PBRs and 3 dollar rum & cokes...fuck ya.
there's always a streaker in the hotel area in the wee hours of re morning
blondes on the menu, yum.
Never been this far west in Vegas im scared.
ETA lounge is full of win.
I wanna swing on the giant chandelier
VIP line for job fair does not move
Woot lox at the fathers day brunch
Cabins are old school but nice for a night
Buffet before work. Thank u Mr. Davenport.
Stop charging for wifii.
Not to shabby. Alright for the steamed crawfish!!!
Matisyahu concert on da beach w/ a hot chocolate chic
$1 margaritas! $2 shots!
$1 margaritas!
$1 margaritas on a hot summer day!
$1 margaritas on a Friday!
Drinks!
The food court here isn't the worst: Panda, Sbarro, Fatburger, Bahamas Fresh...
The movie theater here is pretty good.
$1 margaritas are pretty good!
$1 margaritas, cheap food, locals. Win all around!
Drinks galore for Latin Night
The pool was really well stocked w talent.
The suite is definitely the way to go.
Awesome buffet!
Just one word " shithole" I have been here five minutes and I am already sorry I choose this place.
Great room!!!
30 people in line to check in and just 3 people doing the check in not good
Bingo!
Slots were not paying tonight
Buffett is good today. We love locals :)
Super cheap breakfast
Movie and a stop at the oyster bar.  Sliders and a margarita...yum!!
Michael Irvin is here, making a big deal by the bowling center. I have a great camera, and I could care less.
Two night stay!
The pool is now hotel guests only, and is no longer 24 hours. New hours are 9am - 9pm.
They won't sell you chips anywhere - you must buy in with the table minimum and cash out after at least a few hands. What a ridiculous policy. Plus, the cage sent us to the tables, not bothering with the other details.
The digital temperature display on the top of the building is consistently 10 degrees warmer than the actual temp.
They won't sell you chips anywhere - you must buy in with the table minimum and cash out after at least a few hands. What a ridiculous policy. Plus, the cage sent us to the tables, which then proceeded to get upset at US.
Self-parking SUCKS. Very,  VERY confusing layout, most of which is in back of house or total nonsense. No signs pointing to Exits, OR elevators.
That test test test test test thru gy*n
Would you believe I'm here for an eye exam? Fashion Eyecare expands from Fashion Show mall!
TVs are way old school. This is normally no biggie for me; until I can't hook up my DVD Player to it. Shame on me for not checking *before* picking out a RedBox movie! Oh well.
Breathtakingly beautiful, incredibly well-kept, and the epitomizes a property that exudes absolute high class; yet somehow does so without leaving one feeling alienated.
The self park system makes it seem like you need a room key to use it. As you go to check in, valet says you need to have a room key to use their services. After having someone wait in the car while checking in, they told me self park was free and didn't require a key after all.
It's 3am and I've got NO reaspm to be here; NOT to be asleep. But why the hell not right?! So far, I've dropped my phone laughing as two guys tried to corral a pretty hammered woman in their party towards the parking lot. Otherwise, I wish I had a Yelper or friend here to walk around!!
Grand Cafe has horrible service! Waitress disappeared after taking order and food dropped off by someone else. No one checked on us while eating. Horrible horrible service. When we mentioned it to cashier boss just made excuses. Never going back!
Happy 75th birthday to my dad. Celebrating at the Loretta Lynn concert. Happy early birthday, dad. I love you. So happy to be here with you.
IronWoman Las Vegas.  Go, Heather! Swim down, biking in progress, ending with a run.
Free bingo at 7am on Thursdays in May!
Get the feast buffet!  It's a great deal and the barbecue, southern, and Tex-Mex are all highlights!
I went to the bowling alley for my sons birthday! They reserved our alleys like I had asked which was great! But the computers were outdated and kept breaking down the bowling alley employees had great customer service. And overall the bowling experience was great. We also orders pizzas and wings with drinks to eat and the food was good however the service was bad idk if they were overwhelmed with the amount of people that were there. But they were extremely rude.
First time staying at this hotel and it will be my last. I was given keys to my room that didn't work. When calling the hotel I get the run around and hang ups or voicemails. The reservation clerk Trish had major attitude when I requested to speak to a manager immediately. She says there's no management staff on duty. So I'm handed a phone with someone who says she's shopping with her kids. Problems weren't handled and I'm looking for another hotel to stay in... Poor!
First & last time stay (booked online a 10 day stay). Checked out next morning. Funny smell throughout. Pubic hair in tub. No lighting; hence curtains open. No smoking. No security. Near break-in of car 3x's in one night. Homeless roaming halls. Refund of stay taking up to 30 days to process.
My room is not bad, just got here.
BINGO!
Great local place to watch and bet on the game
Eat at their cafe: very bad, bad service! food was bad (and can be forgiven) but not service.
Sign up for players club, discount FOOD!!!!
Great rooms, cheap place when friends and family are in town -- keeps them out of your place!!!
Career fair
Great food, great service, great prices!
A Hooters Hostess seats you and it's open seating at the bars. Great service, great prices, delicious food.
DO NOT stay here!  It is not worth the cheap price.
Jacuzzi is open 24 hours.
Clean and nice in here, plenty of food options and great happy hours!! Fun lil off the strip place.
Bingo!!
Use your food comps at the cafe, they serve great food.
The cafe serves way better food than the buffet
I love the arcade!!!!!!!
lol yea right.......
Free pool access for locals M-F from 9am-5pm unless otherwise stated.
upgraded cinema
nite nite
taco truck wall?!?! https://www.buzzfeed.com/adriancarrasquillo/a-union-is-building-a-wall-of-taco-trucks-outside-trumps-las?utm_term=.vfM5dX6q7&ref=mobile_share
charge point station on third parking garage level
2016 Dive In Movies
call and book your crash pad today!
congrats on your dirty dining!!!
Doggie in room dining :D
Wow....can people not read?  This review page is for the Graduate Hotel!!!  This is a hotel, why are people reviewing the surrounding restaurants and posting them here on the hotels review page...?
Cocktail waitress Glenda is so rude.
Just here for a boxing match for my company tecate beer
Same deal here as any other station casino just a little more ghetto.
Bring lots of money cause this place ain't cheap.
Sportsbook has great hotdog special 1.25 w/all the fixins.  Anytime you can find a deal in this town take advantage of it.
They closed their iconic old school poker room about a year and a half ago. It was right by the Rancho entrance and they didn't do anything with the space except wall it in. It had been there since the place opened in 1995. Kinda sad.
Appreciate the Benny Binion era history. First casino with carpeting Downtown. First with chair in front of slot machine. History is really all they have left.
Definitely buy your smokes before you get on the property. But on the bright side, the gift shop takes Total Reward points with ID. This pic is for one pack.
1130 at night on Tuesday. If you're lucky, you'll catch the Dingo Ate Your Baby episode of Seinfeld at the casino bar.
90 minutes free self parking. $2/hour after that. Great location.
Movie theaters take Apple Pay. Including concession stand.
As of this week, valet is no longer free for hotel guests. It's $7/night. That is a major turnoff.
I frequent Texas Station quite often. Normally,  I  have no complaints. This time I went to the bathroom and the money I left  by the machine was gone. I have never done that before and I wanted to see if  I could trust him. Now I know that I can trust no one.
99 cent margaritas
Bridge on the 2nd floor to Main Street
$1 draft beers at the casino bar!
Steak and Shake!
Surprise guests!
Worst fucking valet line ever. Even with a sign the lane is apparently "not for valet". I see no valet drivers either even though the security guy told me valet is still open!
Where is security?!? There is a bum in this casino! A BUM!!!!
They should knock this run down hotel down for causing me to miss my Denny's interview by mere minutes.  All the sprinklers on the north side of this shit hole are BROKEN and leave both the asphalt and my suit damp and wet.  There are a lot of deceptive signage where when you finally pull into the parking lot, you will spend half an hour wasting gas trying to figure out where the fuck is that Denny's.
Great service friendly staff!
Here  bitches
The buffet is good
Went to the bar last nite and besides bud lights being $2.50, the waitress service was horrible. They had 2 girls working and neither ever approached us to take our order. I would also say there wings weren't good anymore. It's pretty bad cause I work at the tropicana next door and won't go back.
Definately a nice hotel/casino. Come see the Jackson's and meatloaf for a good time.
House Chardonnay is surprisingly good.
Mango hefeweizen is the business! $2 pints at happy hour!
Really good buffet
Unlvino, yummmm!
Movie time with the family
With Patty and Leslie Horne
Lunch with Patty and Leslie
With Patty
$1 dogs and $1 beers with Patty
$1 dogs $1 beer Patty, and The Irish coming on..it don't get no better
Mmmmm Free Pie.
Love Sante Fe Casino
Diva Show with Patty, Dad and Auntie Kaye
With Patty and my Lil Sis Jill...
find time looking at the freaks..lol
With Patty
Posh and comfy.
Exquisite!
Be careful for the ts !
Always a comfortable stay
This flea bag inn is an undeniable insult to BOTH "fleas" .... and "bags".   #hotel-cortez
Pickin up Beau
Filming
Filming day 2
Last day of filming
@ The Deck
Cashing my ticket
Work
Video poker.
Way to early for this...Fuck it tho Rise and Grind!!!
Fluffy!
Love the sea food (snow and king crab) buffet every Thursday...
Awesome seafood buffet (snow/king crab)
Awesome seafood buffet! (snow/king crab) Thursday night
Family Night @ the Cannery
Deaf nation, day 3!
Great view!!!
"camping" trip
Friendly staff. But skanky rooms.
I can feel the fire from my car. So intense...
It's all about the lazy river for my kids!
Chip collecting!
Charged $4 for parking in the self parking garage for 75 minutes while we are at Claim Jumper. Way to gouge those spending money at your property.
Last day here ....review coming soon
Good solid book..good food options in the food court
Best pancakes in the world!
They cut back on Premium comp drinks for players.
Star Trek convention :-):-):-):-):-)
The sports betting area has an updated look now! They have new chairs and most of the construction is completed.
This is where all the locals hang. Fun to play here and relax away from the strip.
This place can be a bit on the smoky side.
If you enjoy crawfish on the buffet, give this place a go.
years and years of neglect with basic maintenance have resulted in two fires back to back.  one on 12/28 and one on 12/29. roll the dice and stay here if u choose
Going to see Love
Enjoy the hot crab legs with Diamond.
Bet on black
Why am I awake?!?
Go USA!
Best book in town.
It's hard to get lost in the meadow when you have such a prominent guide post
They have a Wing Stop here! But be forewarned, if you're in a rush eat somewhere else. 25-30 min wait.
Jeff Koons "Tulips" currently on display.
Tower View free for Locals in the month of January! (Weekends only) *Don't forget your ID.
May the fourth be with you!  ;)
The pools are very family friendly! I love that.
Pia coladas poolside are a must!!
The pool was closed at 2:30pm today due to the wind :(
Finally earned the Dutchess title! Lol. Woot.
Thomas at valet was amazing and had great customer service. Actually all of the gentleman working the shift or 3/19 12am were incredible gentleman ! Props !
As a vegas local, I know the area that this hotel is located (extreme street life) and the parking actually scares me. Park your vehicles in view of your room! Keep an eye on it and do not leave items in your vehicle (even iPod cords will get a car broken into). Don't blame it on the hotel blame it on VEGAS. Wake up people
Midnight bowling.
Midnight bowling part 2. Haha
Mircle mile shops close at midnight on the weekend!
Checkin it in!
The buffet @ Aria. Time to tear it up! Haha
Beds are so comfy!
Such a secure place.
Just entered and I already love the parking garage and the nifty lights for each spot!
If you don't want to be stressed out or lose your kids... Go to a different pool!!! My daughter didn't even want to swim here!!!! Yup that bad!!!
Cool Decor.
Love the set up and the fact that the bell boy watched our bags until we parked and then helped up to our room. Nice view from our room. I don't like $5 aquafina so if you drink a lot of water like me bring a cooler and some cheaper water haha. Toothpaste was provided... Awesome!
Love it here forum shops have anything from high end to restaurants all the fun u need a must visit!
Free parking if you validate inside.
Outstanding customer service!
There are dress codes for all dining outlets! Casual dining is RESORT CASUAL: no tank tops for men, no swim wear or cover ups, no work out attire. Fine dining is BUSINESS CASUAL: no shorts for men, no ball caps & women may not show their midriff.
Just like any other tourist spot or any other popular resort & any other nice restaurant, don't be surprised when you walk in for dinner without a reservation & they're sold out..MAKE A RESERVATION!
Always difficult to find parking. I suggest to go straight to 5 or higher by the elevators near the forum shops.
Blvd pool is beautiful. Great views!!
Yep!
Nice place to stay. They also had complimentary rooms for military personnel over the holidays. How nice is that.
Lovely atmosphere minus the 5,000 people...
Very nice resort. Recommend to anyone not wanting to stay on the strip.
Had a group function poolside. Loved the place.
Went to ATV at Valley of Fire. They picked up here.
Make sure to leave plenty of room when parking in the valet! Damn tourist backed into my car!
They have a Family Guy machine!
For the love of god ask for a room on a lower floor! You can spend 20-30 mins trying to make it up to the 19th floor
The cheapest buffet n tastes gooood!!
At gold diggers..woot woot
Checking in....early!!!
Alot of white ppl..lol
Eating a tuna sandwhich from capriottis. Tuna with onions pickles olives cucumbers and a bag of chips
Party party party!!!
Round 2...
I think I'm tired
lunch break
I'm off work . going home to change and head down to saint george utah. h f a representing in crown fighting championships tonight
Gotta love carpet
Did someone say carpet?
carpet as usual...
Woohoo
Carpet, carpet, and more carpet..
Long day...
Fun fun fun
let the fun begin
Its hot!!
Work work work..
Still at it!
Still at it.. gonna go till 630 am
Sheesh.. never ending carpet
Back at it
Work work work
Still here
feels like I never left
Its a loooooong day so far...
Still here
Early start
Ughhh workiing sick...
I think I need some nightquil
Againn
I think we are about halfway done for the day
Another day, another dollar
Been here for a Few hours now and just figured ou its a wall to wall show.. doh!!
Celebrating the new gym
Last time before going back to hawaii.
having a beer to celebrate the signing of the new gym
At waverlys steak house having crab cake appetizers, a porterhouse steak with mashed potatoes,lobster tail,risotto,and dessert
Ojays tonight
WAR!!
Steak and egg breakfast! Woohoo
got to have breakfast first.. chicken fried chicken skillet
Woohoo puerto rican tonight!! YUMMY!
Another day playing tour guide..
Work
Played with a tiger
Buffet time
Aquarium area.
Live the connection between Ballys and Paris
We have arrived, pimped out suite!
Back from dancing, now time for sleep.
Back to the room for some RR.
Two deck tables for Black Jack. $25 minimum bets, not bad.
Taking a stroll throw the shops.
Starts at 8:00 pm and continues every hour thereafter until midnight.
Walking through to walk off dinner.
Trying to get to Paris
Work
Time to bowl...
Bowling time!
Woohoo! Got paid to represent today here, and they gave me lunch! Loving my new job.
Miss the strip...
First time
;)
Beautiful!
Ultra hip. A Las Vegas secret.
If you are staying in a room with a fridge, pull it out and you will find a dial knob in the back, turn it to the right if you want it to be cooler... You're welcome!
If you like watching tv through traditional bunny ears, then this hotel gives you that extraordinary experience.
Don't pay for self park, valet it, it's free and tip the guy $1 and you're all set =)
ETC is their 24 hr gift shop.
Chrome Showroom Bar: Throwing a couple back with my girl before our movie, my man here pours em nice!
Getting outa tha heat for a min.. Ahhhh I love A/C
Chilling at the pool with some Nisleys!
.99 Margaritas FTW!
Great vibe, defiantly not your typical Vegas hang.
The art here on the ceiling is out of this world! You should see this place around Halloween!
It will look like you can turn in to this place easily right after the corner, but it is a trick! There is no street there! Don't be fooled... Continue on to the part where Harrah's and the Quad meet and take a left into that creepy driveway
Aria is one of the newer Hotel/Casinos on the Vegas Strip! I've been in here several times, for different reasons! There's lots to do at the City Center Shopping, Dining & of course Entertainment! Make sure your wallet is full & plan on walking a lot. The parking structure sucks but that's just the way it goes in the bigger Hotel/Casinos no way outta that one. Always worth a stroll!
Love this place! Brings back memories from my clubbing days!
Great seating!
Mission Impossible time with a 6 min batman trailer
Bring your ID for EVERWHERE in Vegas. They check for all non-cash transactions & cigarettes and/or alcohol.
Need to get COFFEE and a PAPER? Don't overlook the CAFE PRESSE. Its right on the 2nd floor when you get off the elevators.
Shave and a haircut? The Palazzo Apothecary on the 2nd floor has The Art of Shaving and certified barbers for avg of $30. Tip not included.
Jesse & Ruby Concert......so missing home.....
Terry Fator show was awesome....
Great movie theater.
Try MOzen!
Worst hooters ever!
NACE meeting;)
Pool side cabana:)
My first time here, looks cool very crowded & stinky w all the casinos funk.
Again another fabulous experience.
try to get a room in the south, or carson, tower (it's the most recently renovated part of the hotel)
show your AAA card and get a discounted room rate, show your Landry's Select Club card and get a complimentary room upgrade
impressive.
i feel like i should take up smoking again
Yappy hour bitches.
We definitely need to stay hete next time.
What happens in Vegas....Stays on Facebook Forever.
Yippeeee!!!
Lovely 80s in Sin City
Grounded today, enjoying our 3rd day at Caesar's Palace :)
No more free parking without an emerald players card or hotel key. They're like nazis now.
Barry manilow!
Per-watch the throne dinner
Glee concert!
Fireworks!
The lady at the check-in counter is not very helpful
Lee's beer and tequila!
Arctic monkeys & tv on the radio
94.1 underground lounge with Snow Patrol!
Happy hour 4-8pm, half off drinks and appetizers
LV foodie fest
Bass pro shop has excellent selection of "stuffed" animals
Wine Amped
Junior achievement poker tournament
World Food Championships
Lucky Zumbathon Event with Wen, Lucy, Isabelita and other Zumba  participants....
Watching HNLV band with Ruby and Wen.
SWG Service Awards 2011
watching Transformers Dark of the Moon
Listening to HNLV Band with Wen, Ruby, Michelle and Noel. TGIF!
watching "The Vow"
meeting my niece Abby who's in town this weekend :)
Still hanging out with co-workers... the night is still young :)
Zowie Bowie is @ The M tonight, fun... fun... fun... with Ruby and Wen.
It's not crowded, the pool is big.
Love the dessert selection!!
Going to see TOOL!
At the Poker Room, U better speak up or you'll be totally ignored.
Deja Vu at the Showroom
Smoking' band.
You've got to be kidding me. NYE?
Slow tonight
Playing tourist on the strip!! :)
Pedicure :)
Hot stone pedicure...mmmm... :)
Pedicure timeeeere :)
Allow 15 extra minutes just to park.
Worst valet ever. Been waiting 20 mins for my car.
2014 St. Paddy's Day schedule
Now I know why I've never been here. It's a dump.
If you're here for a wedding, go to the second entrance & park.
Epicurean Affair info
$24 for a double gin & tonic? Are you fucking kidding me?
Admission fees
Snow Patrol. Perfect outdoor concert weather :)
St. Paddy's Day festivities
Much nicer than your average Downtown casinos, but the clienteles (at least some) are still in much need of an upgrade.
Definitely attracts the older Asian gambling crowd. At times, the cigarette smoke is so thick you can almost cut it.
Don't count money while you walk, you might not have an honest person that tells you that you left a trail of $20s in your wake. You are welcome.
Great view of the LV Blvd and Forum Shops from the bar.
Avoid the east parking garage due to construction. (9-26-2015)
Aria Express Tram, the easy way to access Aria, Crystals, Bellagio, Vdara and Monte Carlos Resorts and Casino.
Sit in the booth if possible. Otherwise, tables and chairs are way too closed together or you are sitting at a table adjacent to one with fat lard butts or inconsiderate balding guy sporting the fashionable beer belly. Not enough room to squeeze into your chair.
My short cut to access Bellagio and Aria, without the parking hassle or LV Blvd traffic jam.
Traffic is beyond messed up.  Thank you road closure!!! (12-4-2011)
All the shops, including Starbucks, are closed between Monte Carlos and Aria.
Where's the high limit table games at?
Damn, meeting all kinds of resistance trying to do the casino chip scavenger challenger @MGM Grand. How did the OC  Yelp team do it!  :)
Sprint 3G access is spotty, especially near the East Garage.
Line for the buffet is looooong.
Parking lot is so full at 11am on a Tuesday. Note to self, avoid until way after check-out.
Parking garage literally smells like poop!
Kevin Sorbo, The Australian Bee Gees and other reality tv celebrity at South Point Casino for a celebrity poker tournament.
Playing vintage sounding Cantonese music for Chinese New Year :)
Our room looks great! Just took a while to learn the remote, but it is awesome after you master it.
One of those days that is going to take at least 3x as long to get to the next major street from the CityCenter Campus.
Friendly CityCenter security is available to jump start your car. Speak to security, if you ever require this service.
Beware!  Motorcycle cop waiting to catch speedy drivers on Frank Sinatra. (4-14-2013 7:35pm)
If you are a Sprint subscriber, it is likely you will have crappy level of service with your data plan here.
If you are a Sprint subscriber, it is likely you will experience crappy level of service with your data plan here.
CES badge pickup in the Tour Bus Lobby area. Discovering new areas in Aria.
View of the east and northeast is better overall than the west.
Packed with peeps for NYE!
South bound LV Blvd pretty much closed off at the moment. (3:45pm Nov 1, 2016)
Diamond registration is the bomb.
2 drink tickets for a large Fiji water or 1 ticket for a small one.
The games outside are the best attractions in DTLV.
Wow. Digging up sewage pipe or something on Sahara right next to the hotel. Seriously? On grand opening day???
Valet & self parking traffic control needs work. Or better signs/marker.
Sign up process for CODE (their casino promotion program) online is a total fubar mess. So much for getting a better promotion benefits doing it online. Plus, you still have to wait in line to get your CODE card.
The dcor are all about monkeys and antlers.
Nice remodel, lots of space.
Beautiful weather with Rachel and doggie! And a well deserved lunch!!'
Five Star Five Diamond service
Checking in for a mini vacation at the Green Valley Ranch Resort & Spa. Yay!
New Years Eve dinner party!
Spending 2010 CHRISTMAS with family!!! Just BEAUTIFUL!
Mini vacation
Weekend getaway with hubby~
Nice roomy corner suite!
Dammm Oxtail soup get it bitches best ever!!!
Oxtail soup again u guys!!!
Let's get some sun
Time with my girls...
So pretty
AYCE  snow crab legs $16.99!
Cosmic bowling! -.-
The Postal Service is playing tonight 04/19/13
Steak and Eggs!!! ^_^
Holdem time
When u miss Hawaii, come to Cali hotel
Oxtail
Check out the pool and the slide it's nice...
Let's eat
Partaayyyy
Staycation
Fat Tuesday
Chill mode
Party time
Watching the start of preseason NFL
Best casino
Movies
Craps, blackjack, bingo... Hand itching
Testing my luck
Since no OT tomorrow... Round 2
I have an expensive hobby
Best poker crowd ever... Mexicans vs rednecks and one small Filipino and tons of jokes hahaha
It's hella packed
Day off=poker time
My hobby lol
Love/hate relationship
Relaxing time...
Party time
Poker time
Game time... Stress reliever...
Can't sleep
Eclipse baby!
Fright dome!
Cloudy sky and pure aloha makes me a happy girl!
Romantic
Parking sucks. Recommend you don't park your car here.
Late night bowling
Bingo them Bowling= tons of fun!
Breakfast at the buffet
Pool fun for everyone
halloween in vegas!
upgrade!
halloween!
The Hiking begins....
North Loop to the peak
Dive-In Movie Monday!! Social Network tonight....^_^
AFAN Black & White Party
Late night dinner with the boys : )
Checkin' out the WSOP
Walking around since its too darn hot @ our place. Stupid AC isn't working
Steve Byrne
Deadmau5!!
It's hot so I will shop.
The suites are amazing! Especially if you get one with a view of the pool
$3 Crap Table!
Wings. Duh!
Just blackjack, rollette and craps.  No other table games
Casino is large but dated. Stay on the strip unless you want some Dim Sum
$5 Craps!
Great location
$3 Craps!
Looks old and dumpy
Join their Rewards program.  Free gift and $5 worth of slots
Actually met a Playboy Centerfold!
Fun casino!
Parking valet is terrible. Park in garage instead.
Table game dealers not as friendly as other Vegas casinos.
Free tram connects you to Bellagio
Don't miss the Red Velvet Cake in the Grand Lux!
Carnegie Deli for you Pastrami Sandwich lovers!
New and improved is just old and the same.
Valet is slow always.
Kind of hidden but really nice
Suites are sweet!
Another nice Stations casino
$5 Craps!
Shift change parades the cutie pie dealers.
Free tram!
Old projections screens need an HD and brightness update
Large rooms.
Newly redone O'Shea is much nicer but table games are much more expensive.  Lost their atmosphere
Improvements in casino is great! Rooms still nasty.
At Bally's going to watch my Uncle sing at 11.  It's gonna be a Party!
DJ Mike Attack... nuff said.
I love the flowers here!
Its kids fun time!!
Let the fun begin with the kiddies!!
Happy bday dinner uncle rich!
Meeting up with friends..
Lunch time using our "comps" :)
Enjoyed staying here for the last week.. Beautiful!!
Nice remodeling! Love the slide that passes through the shark aquarium!
One of the cleanest and my favorite casino hotel. Also, an amazing place to work for.
Love this casino
They have Winter in Venice! You can ice skate and entertainment! So pretty!
What's not to love in Venetian. I feel like I'm in Venice.
My favorite station casino. Love the decor and cleanliness.
My fave station casino
My favorite station casino!!
Meeting up with the cousins from Hawaii. Cool locals casino.
I love the garden here. It's so peaceful! They change it up from time to time. Right now it's cherry blossoms!
Modern casino with colorful decor that is very detailed. Not a family friendly place. No strollers allowed..... What?!
Eco friendly
Wynn! Wynn! Wynn!
Bottle services @ Tryst!! Who is in??
Love the Wynn!!
About to get weird tonight!!!
Just another night in Vegas :)
Day & Night all I want is Wynn Wynn Wynn !!
Now at Venetian...
Gandolo... Is that how u spell it?? Lol
Sunday Funday @ Rehab !!
Great atmosphere, always has a crowd willing to dance
My favorite hotel!!!
so much cowboys here for the rodeo
"Strip" view
UNLV Rebels Men's Basketball Team is 10-1 here all time.
You have to come to this!
At Lounge Inn @ Artisan Pool! Reggae Theme, wear your red, green & gold....rasta!
Company appetizers & cocktail Happy Hour...
Trying to get to the casino from parking garage is like walking in a marathon!
Sky lounge is very nice great cocktails and appetizers!
Evening pool party!!!
Reggae Saturday Nights ... Finally !!!!!!! First time review to come ....
5 dollar drinks everywhere except in dinning rooms. At Velocci martinis are $11 for a large but 1/2 filled glass.
Betting my ponies
Love love love this hotel, and the staff rocks (Jo)!!
Ok, how do they make $? Great prices, FREE breakfast AND dinner every night!? And the beer & wine!!?? This hotel is awesome I'd take this over the typical Vegas lodging any day...
Great place for business meetings.
Gordon Ramsay here filming Hell's Kitchen finale!
Bobby flay walking around casino floor in chef whites!
Lobby bar.   Aaron is the best cocktail artist ever!
If you coming here for a graduation come earlier and wait cause parking is a bitch!
Park near the hotel rooms/south parking garage to get quick access to the banquet rooms.
Bathroom run!
Watching the MysticFalls show
Natasha Leggero live
I love seeing the new decorations @ The Conservatory!
Steel Panther
The best view & restaurant in my opinion on the Mt!
Best casino off the strip!!
The Best Station Casino hands down!
Love it here!
Beautiful lobby & location with Military discount
A picturesque place to photograph
Watch the dragon breathe fire @1 &5pm until Feb 5th.
First time here
Strikeforce
MMM free beer between 6 and 8 pm.
Afterhours and allnite til noon dj and party house! FYI 4 toilets in the hotel lobby for the whole bar/niteclub & restaurant r u kidding?
This parking lot stinks! It smells like poopoo! They have some serious waste issues!
Fireworks! Best view of Caesars !
Poison & Def Leopard Concert Tonight at the Red Rock Ampitheatre
Food Truck Rally Today 11/5/11...NomNom Truck from Cali, SlidinThru, SlapYoMama Soul Food, LoveGrub, WTF Pizza, Longboards Ice Cream...more
Friday Nites at Del Mar Bar.... I'm a Local and have been sitting her for 20 and no drinks yet?
March Money Madness Progressive Is ON !
Bacio by Carla Pellegrino is soo good! Italian not to disappoint!
Rock n Roll Wine Event "Wine o copia" tonight! Better Than Ezra on stage !
WooHoo! Party Central !
Gotta check out the Bond Bar. Fun Spot!
They have a Buy/ Sell Bit Coin ATM
This place is going downhill fast! Brookfield Asset Mgmt. has no place in Vegas.
Menu I new & created by celebrity chef Aaron Sanchez!
Buy a piece of art from one of the art-o-matic machines. So neat and just $5!
Not too horribly sketch. But staff unfriendly and rooms not stellar. Lots of noise outside the rooms.
They got rid of the Willy Wonka slot machines, wtf!
Drinks w a great friend.
Family fathers day dinner
Watch out penn & teller, here we come.
A little staycation..
Pool time.
It could happen.
It's a good day to go all in...
Bowling w the some great friends.
Dinner
New lunch spot w the hubby
Trying to find the piano bar
Movies w my best gal.
Date night.
Lunch w my baby girl.
Slots of fun.
It could happen.
Home sweet home. Or at least close.
Let the girl fun begin.
Girl fun at its finest.
Time to get my drink on.
Nice roman sculptures view...
Gnocchi is a-freaking mazing.  Kendra was server and she was very prompt knowledgable and sweet.  Def a hidden gem.
Bypass at all costs, they lied about a 48 hr sale on the phone - 20$ resort fee for parking and shitty coffee in the room ... Hahahaha I think they are on crack here.  Not even  a continental breakfast for 230$ for 2 nights which was promised on the phone
For being a newly opened hotel the place is filthy. A disappointment all around.
party party party
Best Place Evah
Beer beer beer
Me and mom cruisin!
UFC 126. Let's go! Viiiiitor!
Buffet for 7.98z
Marquee Mondays! Mayhem about to commence!!
Hockey baby
Hockey time soon!
Trent Carlini tonight
Used to work here.
Beer fest!
Becoming second home
Love Vegas
Girls
One drunk puppy wine tasting benefiting the SPCA where we found the amazing Griffey the dog; what a great cause!!
Love the Jimmy buffet block party!!
Incubus rocks!!!
Manager Mimi is the most unethical lying person I have ever heard of in my life. I have dealt with bigger companies. She is a joke. Karma!
Only one nice Maintenance man but other than that, would never recommend spending your points or week here. Big FAIL to Manager Mimi again!
Work. Me likey!!
Best adult hockey leagues in Vegas!
Iceacholics time!
Forgot too check in. Iceacholics lose! Bad karma!
Iceacholics game time!
Iceacholics time! Two week layoff between games. Suxs!
Iceacholics three game streak!
Iceacholics end three game losing streak??
Iceacholics time!
Iceacholics time!!
Iceacholics time!!
Iceacholics game back On! Won in shootout!
Iceacholics game on!!
Iceacholics time!
Not so good iceacholics night. Lost 6-5. :((
Try keep goal scoring streak alive?
Richie bday in the house!!
No more 4 hrs free parking with validation. Flat fee $3
Checking out some barrel racing!
Wine Tasting & Happy Hour
Glenn Nowak performance
W/ Gina & family from out of town
In Time movie
No Rose Bowl!
2012 NFL Draft Party
Black & White Party
El Cortez makes you wonder why you started drinking at other bars on Fremont once you receive your tab. (so cheap!)
The newly renovated rooms are nice! I would definitely stay here if I was trying to save some money while visiting Vegas.
Hakkasan is just one bridge away. Park here to avoid long walks from the MGM garage to the club. Easier access and less crowded.
Check out The District for some of Vegas' best restaurants!
My favorite casino on The Strip hands down. A great place to people watch, eat, drink and club the night away. Can't go wrong.
I am extremely disappointed with security at this place. My friends iPhone was stolen. Was given to a waitress who's name I can not remember but she had dermal piercings on her left, top wrists. Apparently according to dj and a few people this waitress was given my friends iPhone yesterday before closing.  We spent hours talking to managers and security who could not give me an answer. I even talked to her assistant manager who took my number and would call. Nothing!!!
At the Showroom for Nathan Burton's Comedy Magic Show.
Itchy palms... I'll be home before anyone notices.
We represent the Bay ARIA! Beautiful suite w/ a remote touch panel to control the room & a decent Strip view. The tables & food were fair.
Nicely renovated rooms!
Self Park sign is fake...it takes you to the valet...valet services is good & efficient though.
What happens in lv stays in lv
By far my favorite lounge in the U.S. Thanks American Express!
Ditch Fridays Big Sean
House of blues, Tues Blend
Never driven out of here sober... I guess thats a good sign of all the great times I've had at this place!!
Love this place!
Brother in town.Having late night dinner with the fam
Oxtail time.Yum
Vegas streats
Vegas streats
Finally back in Vegas
Celebrating St.Patricks.it's all about the green beer yeee
Galen's family in town!
Latenight food grub!
Being a loner status.lol
Movie date
Stop bfor Tuesday blend
Here again
Late night dinner
Starbucks before starting my day
Gambling all my money away
The Strip is crazy right now
Mix
The greens w/ Galen
Hip hop international
Food truck fest
Late night food grub
Steak and eggs
Grabbing some coffee at my fav coffee shop....illy
The pool is amazing and plays great music..
Jazz & wine...hmm where's the wine, where's the jazz...hell where are the people???
@ the POND- Green Valley Ranch. the adult pool, i love this place. not crowed w/ tourists, such a locals kind of place and i LOVE that
Nice secluded place but lacks dining choices, and food is a bit pricy.
Wynn is the gold standard. It's the ONLY 5-Diamond casino in the world. In addition to numerous awards, it's also perennially named one of the top places to work in Las Vegas.  I recommend La Reve, one of the best Cirque shows on the Strip. 15 restaurants on property, fresh flowers and exhibits in the main lobby, and the chance to strike it rich on tables and slots. This is THE Vegas destination!
They offer a lot of locals discounts. Before purchasing anything, bring your NV ID and ask if they offer a locals discount!
Good locals casino. Cheaper drinks and food than the strip. Blackjack is $5 at all hours, just have to find an open spot. Sports book is nice, that's where I spend all my time and money!
At the shark tank and pool of Golden Nugget with my son Jacques and his grandparents for a swim with the sharks...very cool!
Best casino in downtown Vegas!
Hot day, by the Shark Tank Pool.
Best hotel in downtown Vegas
My first trip here. Nice hotel!
Pick up location at 6am for gray line tour to Grand Canyon.
A great deal to stay here and in a central location on the strip!
My girl loves this place. Fit for a queen!
Flavors Buffet a favorite in town. Fun slot play!
Best kids gaming on the strip!
Nice red theme!
At the Wynn is beautiful
Best shows in town!
The tallest building in Vegas!
Entering Bellagio...
Lots of tour groups on a Sunday night touring the Conservatory of Flowers.
Love the conservatory of flowers!
The rose amidst the forest.
Christmas Day is beautiful here!
The star on the strip!
Love the VIP lounge here, especially the desserts.
My favorite buffet in Vegas is here!
You can ride a real gondola and get serenaded...
Back to the Venezia of Vegas. Great shows here like Blue Man Group and Phantom.
Walking in the casino waiting to go see the 9:30pm Phantom of the Opera show.
Second to Venice.
If you can't go to Venice, this is the best alternative. You can ride the real gondola here and get serenaded!
Here for the Christmas holidays is a treat!
Best gondola boat ride on the strip!
Dancers at the poker tables. Great place to stay if you like pyramids!
The crypt of Vegas!
A fun place for kids and adults. On way to their Shark Reef Aquarium.
Best hotel in Vegas!
Cool Theme Casino Hotel. Love the Rocks!
Love the buffet!
Love this place!
A stop for grayline tour bus.
Truly Italian place! An extension of the Venetian.
The new Venetian wing is truly exquisite!
Very classy hotel! Extension of the Wynn.
At the deli enjoying a great glass of ice tea!
In the casino at the dollar slots. Feeling lucky!
Back at Aria for some more slots. Seats for the slots very comfy!
Central location on the Strip!
Christmas at Aria is fun!
Hippest casino and slots in Vegas!
Summer vacation at the Aria is cool!
The new center of the Strip in Las Vegas.
Best show in town! Zarkana!
Nice and "cool" in the casino. Feeling cosmo!
Marquee nightclub best in Vegas!
Hippest hotel in town!
Blu pool is open to the public. Jubilee is the classic Vegas show!
Gonna see cheap trick...
Jabbawokees!
Live music: every Friday at The Showroom at Suncoast... The Next Movememt!
Beach volleyball poolside!
Locals discount weekdays!!!
Room service... Chocolate chip cookies freshly made p/order! Nom nom!
So excited!! Elvis Monroe!! November 29!! Check'm out!  http://tracking.paywall.com/SH9q
Very intersting hotel, every room has art by a different artist...
Great weekday rates during the holiday season
Great spot to catch a movie On Tuesdays movies are $5
yelp event! even though I'm not elite... my BFF is! lol
valet takes forereeeever
oops! not Excalibur... LUXOR! CATHOuSE! w: michelle e.  my elite BFF!
staycation ... thanks  living social!
bakery is horrible at the del mar bakery.  everything looks good.. but it's really not.
new bar/lounge area with acts every weekend!  the new sports book is open too.. just in time for football
bowling! :D
the waitress in the sports book bar is whack.  needs a csr training
anuhea & mishka
Great drinks, great prices & friendly bartenders! Great location on Fremont street!
Who needs the strip???
$35 a night, and a strip view...you can't beat it.
Foodie Fest!
3d IMAX movies! Go on bargain night!
Eat at Yellowtail then nightcap at Lily
Slow valet
Nice pool
Smells a little smokey, but what casino doesn't lol
Getting to the parking lot is a cluster you-know-what
Do not stay here! We replaced our 10 year tradition of staying and playing here with the Golden Nugget. Many memories here, very sad!! Playing here is an entirely different experience though. Normally pretty loose machines (been kinda tight for a couple months now)
Cleaner then the 4Queens rooms.  Use to be pretty loose but noticed the last three months have been pretty tight. If you want to play here I would suggest the machines by the bathrooms by Grottos, I've always done pretty well in that area. Both slots and video poker. Also the large bar by the cashier.
Spacious rooms with the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in.
Much better than the price suggests, the rooms, the friendliness of the staff and the amenities at this hotel belongs to a higher prices property, we will be back!
Valet guys rock!
Dollar shots!
This is a great hotel and amazing site seeing for all ages
They should change the hotel from, "California" to "The Hawaii Hotel."
No Drag Queens here!
The Golden Nugget helped Steve Wynn start the building boom in the early 90's.
My Deluxe Comp Room + Resort Fee is not that bad and pretty modern.
Worst theme on the Vegas strip next to Mandalay Bay.
Hookers galore in the casino
This hotel use to be a Holiday Inn before they gutted and renovated it into, "Harrahs".
Send in the clowns**
The Manor rooms are really truck stop quality! Think Whiskey Pete's at Primm or Gold Strike at Jean before entering Vegas.
This is no Cirque kind of Circus.
This casino smells like PISS!!
Vintage Vegas fading into the abyss
If the Stardust was still open, it would've been convenient to the Encore Beach Club and save me $100's from staying in the Wynn.
Just waking through to the Lake. =)--  CLASSY and CLASS A!
Kaskade playing in the music system.
The winner!
wynn is a winner!
The Riviera has sadly filed for Chapter 11 in 2010, I hope they don't end up like Sahara.
This old lady needs to retire
No gold to be had here.
This place is a Diamond in the rough! Saved myself over $100 per night by staying here during Cinco D Mayo then transferred over to the Mirage the next day.
This hotel use to be called Maxim.
The building was pink.
This resort use to be called, "Boomtown" back in the 90's.
Don't bowel when drunk
I only gambled $5 in the penny slots and I'm already getting offers for comp rooms, deep discounts and slot tournaments. Pretty Sweet!
15 minute walk from my hotel room to the strip*
Checking in Sir? Yes I am.   Welcome to the Bellagio.
Checking Out! :'(
The New York New York Hotel is suppose to reflect a 1930's skyline, thus excluding the Twin Towers (Tower 1 '70 - Tower 2 '72).
This Hotel was an icon when it was Las Vegas Hilton with the H in the front side and now it's just another nameless brand.
Elvis use to have his residence show here when it was the, Las Vegas Hilton.
Meeting the familia
Checking In!
Jersey Boys music playing continuously in the elevator!!
Nothing special here...
Don't feed the white tigers!
The tropical pool with the huge waterfall ++  Kardashian Store huge MINUS --
Checking in!
Checking out! :'(  Back to reality.
checking in!
I love the Wizard of Oz slot machine by the Deli! :)
Checking Out!! Nooo... :'(
WiFi Signal is week!
Checked into my 2nd Vacation Home!!
Checking out...
I miss the Wizard of Oz theme! Oh the memories.. =P
If you recieved bad service and they ask for a tip, DON'T TIP!!
The West Wing part of the MGM hotel use to be The Marina Hotel from the 1970's, that's why the rooms are smaller then the standard tower rooms.
They should put real lions in the boxing display in the lobby instead if that fake one.
I miss,  The Wizard of Oz theme!
These condos have been on the Vegas strip FOREVER!!
The old pirate show was way better.
Arrrgh!!
Waiting for the Pirate Show while lisitening to Weaser - Pork and Beans
This originally was suppose to be a 2nd Tower for the Mirage but Steve Wynn decided to make it into a separate resort because he didn't want kids running around in the Mirage.
Theft ring in Imperial Palace!
Avoid the Capri Towers! They were built in 1959 as the Flamingo Capri (The Motel Part)
Avoid the Capri Towers! They were built in 1959 as the Flamingo Capri (The Motel Part)
The dealertainers just prove how tacky Vegas can be.
Just playin not staying!
The strip view Go Rooms have coffee makers and tea.
Looking down from the slanted windows gives me a headache
Cris Angel SUCKS!!
It's fun to throw paper airplanes from your room in the prymaid down to the open atrium.
The reason why the Luxor shut down the Nile River Tour was because the riders complained about seeing ghostly figures while traveling though the dark tunnels.
The first thing I see when entering Las Vegas are the tall gold Mandalay Bay towers.
THEhotel has been sold to The Morgans Hotel Group and will be renamed and rebranded into The Delano Las Vegas. Also a new nightclub, restaurants and an update to Red Square managed by the Light Group by the end of 2013!
Plaza Hotel under construction '71 Courtesy of Vegastodayandtomorrow.com
I need to try the spa!!
They should add a train stop to this Trump Hotel since it's so close to the train tracks.
Just plain tacky =l
Planet Fakeness
One of the last Vintage Hotels in Vegas with the $4.99 Steak and Eggs Special!
I'll miss the red and white twinkling lights outside on the casino. ='(
The younger sister resort to the Venetian.
fire! fire!!
One of the last free shows on the Vegas strip, I'm glad it's still in operation after all these years.
This was suppose to be a full condo but they decided to make it a hotel
Encore is an all suite tower compared to it's twin the Wynn.
I consider Encore nothing but an extension of Wynn.
The Tropicana has a long ways to compete with the bigger modernized hotels. They need to bring back the old show, "Folies Bergere"!
Aria's glass towers remind me of corporate offices in DTLA!
If you want to experience Vegas without the casino, then stay at the Vdara.
they have a tea room!!
Overrated hotel full of wannabes, douche bags, stuck up staff and pretentious women.
These rooms costs more then the Wynn and offer lower quality and service.
Late Night Roomp @ Thee Cosmo
The hotel and casino is very chic and modern!
This use to be the old MGM and the south tower was engulfed in flames back in 1980 causing 85 deaths!
Vintage Vegas at it's finest!
I wish I knew how to play poker. :'(
Motel 6 disguised as a hip and trendy boutique resort.
They have free wifi!
It's so Cold in the "D"!
The, "D Hotel", use to be called, "Fitzgeralds" (Irish theme).
I hope the SLS helps revive the northern part of the strip.
just plain ghetto!
- Douche Bag Heaven -
It's packed at the adventure dome Today avoid Fridays .
Casino hoppin in downtown
Hanging out with my bro, uncle and cousins at the pool
Fast 5
Casino time...I entered and heard the buffalo machine calling me
Eating at the buffet
With uncle mama and jayjay
Going to eat then play
With
Waiting for loverboy to get off work.
Waiting for ray to get off work
Love this hotel! Very nice and cool decor! Pool is amazing too, one complaint? Thin walls! Review to follow!
Check out the amazing pool!
Winter in Venice is cute!
My favorite poker room in town
Easy parking access. Convenient. One of my favoritez
Great views. Sit on the patio to fully appreciate.
Located next to the front desk.
New and improved. 10x better than it was a year ago.
Watch where you park! Stickers and towing will happen.
Foodie Fest!
Spectacular circus time!! Yeeee!!
Early morning dinner. And getting things off my mind
At job fair to get this bartending job
Meeting for photograph.
Going 'tourist'...
Drinks here are not cheap!
XS - fin, fun!
Best local spot for gambling!
Happy Feet 2!
Captain America!
Fail Chargers.
Hugo time!
You need to actually game plan and break up into groups to try all the food trucks. Long lines!
Twilight!!
Trying out our new bowling balls!
Fave bowling spot!
Sold out for Ted!!!
Lazy river!
Pool time!!
$13.00 for local access to pool!!
Cheap wine, loose slots
Finally made it. Walked the whole way.
Rush Tower... Oh yeah!!!
Love this place!!
After hours !
Checkin in w mommy & sissy
Mmhhmm
This kitty is hungry mmmhmm
The last time I was here I saw The Darkness...pretty much nothing will ever top that! Spendy drinks but lots o'booze in them! GO ROBERT!
Valet here for downtown.. Usually 1 worker here so the wait can be long
Totally redid the entrance from parking garage
Skip the middle stall next to the movie theaters.  The toilet paper roll is inserted with sheets coming from under not over.  11.29.12 I am pleased to report that the issue was addressed.  Happy poopy time with a side of feng shui, y'all!
They just open a PinkBerry here! Prob will try it after #LVRW2012 at @MoZen
Hot toddies on the mountain! Back to where we got married...dinner with Tyler, Stuart & Miss Emily! Ooooooh & it's 48% out!!!!
Wow! Nice kitchen in the suites.
Rock n Roll Wine!
If you want the tasty (looking) prime rib at the buffet on Tuesday nights, be aware that the buffet closes at 9pm. Lesson learned...the hard way.  =(
Best place to gamble, eat, and drink!
Another beautiful day at the fabulous Wynn casino.
Free money for yelpers who win!
Gamble, drink, and eat... You'll love it.
Quick hits!!!
Make sure you tip the cocktail waitresses!
The one and only...
First day! So far so good! Hopefully this place stays poppin like it is now!!!
Just watched due date at gvr. Good movie. Funny shit
Parents want a tour of downtown
Great place to get away from Vegas. Only 20 min away
Varietease Burlesque Show
Gambling other people's money. Holler!
Riding the highest thrill rides in the world!
Thank you George Maloof for building a casino in the hood for all the gang bangers and white trash to rum amok in. I HATE being dragged here...
Yeehaw! Time for Justin to play!
About to watch some Independence Day fireworks yo!
All American Rejects concert
Sitting on a pigeon and relaxing next to a waterfall. No that's not cryptic for something else. Ha!
Bond!!
Absolutely classy and posh
The ladies at the bar are great!
First time in downtown Vegas w dylan!
Happy bday Daniel
Lol wtf are we doing here frank?
Aria smells like strippers
Bathroom
Love the fish tank.
Banquet food is average.
Billboard Music Awards here tomorrow.
Amazing water pressure
In room wi-fi service doesn't work.
Self parking has green and red light sensors to tell you if there is a spot available!
Vegas streets!!!
King's Room for live comedy. :D
At Scarpetta visiting my old family :).
Correction: DINING with my old family.
Closed
Nicest staff & great place to stay with my puppy
Most comfy beds ever!
Fave Henderson hotel & my dog loves it! Pet friendly
B
First time staying here.  Let's see how it goes...
Our party home for the next four nights.  It's Peter's birthday weekend!
Very girly looking in it.
What better way to enjoy the perfect weather than the Strip! Have I lost my mind? I hate the strip. But today it's not crowded.
Came for ice cream desserts. Stayed and played. Crowd was not drunk nor disorderly.
Here for poker room.
Friendly dealers in poker room.
Movie and dinner.
Deli Buffet tonight.
Good parking garage.
New display in corridor going to Venetian.
Came here for dinner then playing.
Good old school vegas
Beautiful casino, classy and nice
Ummm,,, bran new just checking it out,,, really small
Have to bet, 20, 4 consecutive hands hands before FREE drinks at bar,,:(
Cool place just got a drink. Lol
Best poker evah!
The poker room,  to be specific!
Lobster bisque!
Resort fee is $25 +tax, valet parking only
Tears For Fears concert.  Ah 80s memoried!!!
The Girl Scout Cookie drink is amazing
Asian food festival today!
JayZ and Kanye. Yay for complimentary tickets!
Ready to rock n roll all night- with Kiss and Mtley Cre!
Sign up for their rewards program. Even if you do not gamble, they will still send you coupons for their buffet and hotel room discounts.
Access to their Spa facilities is free with any service. I got a massage then spent the rest of the day in the--pool, sauna, hot tub, high pressure showers, fitness area, etc. It's well worth your time and money.
Rooms are cheap but clean. The lobby smells "greasy" but the rooms smell fine. Overall, cheap place to stay, more money to gamble!
$1 hot dogs are small and dry. $1 beer is ok if you want to get drunk cheap. You get them at the smal bar before you get to the Nascar Cafe.
Geez.... this place has gone down hill!
Drinks on if you can find me
Parking the car!
Gag. Why am I here. Friends. Ugh.
Let shenanigan Wednesday begin
Florence & the Machine !
Taking my son on his 1st trip to the Circus Circus.
Happy birthday Anna
1 of my Favorite places to hang out extremely friendly & cocktailers are great esp Ang, Whitney & Mae
Pennies play will keep ya goin ALL nite
$25 All u can drink for new years 2015. 3 hours only...lol
IMAX 3D movie theatre
movie theater is amazing!
The garage elevator is rickety so be prepared for and interesting trip downstairs
Happy 50th Birthday Pastor Everage!!!
if you go to the men's room near the lobby you will find a chunk of the Berlin wall.  It's your chance to pee on communism.
5.99 steak dinner!
$50 dollars in free slot play to sing up for rewards.... why not :-)
The fountains and gardens never gets old
Tree lighting tonight
Watching Transformer!
Cool cool cool nice one bedroom very roomy!
We celebrated j-anne's 16th b-day!
There is only valet parking and this place is only a hotel and spa no casino! It's beautiful!
The lobby in this hotel is stunning! Check it out!
Red rock has a yoga studio and it's gorgeous!
Fun at the M!
One of Station Casinos MANY jewels off the strip...
At my cousin's graduation!!!
Day 2 of a job fair.  Slow, slow traffic. Disappointing turn-out.
Arthur Christmas!
Whiskey bar
Poker ... smirk/smile.
Poker room day 2
WSOP again... Lol The room has a wait list for 1/3, 2/5, & 5/10! The cage has run out of $5 chips TWICE!! Great action!!!
WSOP...
Last day of WSOP*pout
hanging with my good friend Jana Stewart! Not now...its 3
WPT!
Watching blackjack...
@ Comedy Club for Rich Little! So fun!!
Poker room!
Triple Seven Brewery!
Poker .... *smirk
Poker...
@ Big Sur Oyster Bar with my girl Kristin
Poker room is beyond crazy!!
And Studio 54 with my girl Jo D!!
Here I go again...*wink
Here we go...
I asked about breakfast, as I had to leave before they serve breakfast.  They offered to make me s breakfast box to go.  The box had a yogurt, milk,  and fresh fruit. The rooms are new and clean.  Bathroom counters and showers are granite.  Great place.
It's so quiet her,e I thought I lost my hearing.
Awesome pool for locals.
This is my joint on the strip.
do not come here for parties
marquee!!!
Great place to stay with kids!!! This hotel specifically caters to young ones
Late night snack and coffee!
Enjoying great Chinese food at the Siena Cafe!
Wow!
At Buffet for Anniversary brunch.
For Starbucks, Emeril's & The Voice!!!!  Wooo Hoooooo!!!! Sooooooooo excited!!!!
Mike Hammer Rocks
Look up when you're inside the Art  Bar!
Very clean, close to restaurants and the freeway.
Always valet.  I hate this parking lot!
Valet the parking is a mess
Please call ahead to find out approximate wait times.  Beware bowlers can always buy more games and push back your wait time.
Seeing Volbeat.  Making boner soup.
When you arrive make sure to stand in the lobby for a few minutes to adjust to the darkness otherwise you might walk into the fountain.
Checked into the Gustav Klimt suite!  :)
We made it!  6 hours in the car -I need a drink and a slot machine!  :)
First time for me you tell how it is...crackin doe!!!!!!
Good fight good might
Tattoo convention!!!! Tempted to get more ink
Really starting to HATE old ladies that beat me on tables
Glad no old ladies tonight
Good place for locals
Did bad on tables but had fun wid the bro for his last HOORAH here in Vegas
Cool local club.
I'm actually here tonight. Just as packed as I.... drunkenly remember. Lol!
This place sucks. Owner is a douchebag, it's expensive, it's poorly lit, and it's in the ghetto.
I love this joint. Good food good vibe
Boom introducing me to my first oxtail soup
Hawaiin festival, never seen so much Samoans and Filipinos gathered in one place
Another day
Outside watching the Sirens of TI. Haven't seen this since i was a kid.
Chillin with Poges
Last stop of the night
Monday night chillin
I love places that makes me feel like im back home in LA.
Yummy drinks and the fried calamari is awesome!
If you like a dark, Gothic style hotel with individually styled rooms, this quirky little place is worth checking. Don't expect 5 stars.
Low Key Vegas. Dope decor. Even better music. Underground / Classic 90s Hip Hop
Interesting....that's all that needs to be said
Having a very nice lunch with my love
It's MOOD time...
The spa staff not very friendly.... Will not comeback
Where the food times roll ;D
Let the good times roll!
Got to enjoy the 8 hrs of $$$ makin lol
Let the good times roll ;D
Let the good times roll ;D
Cheer leaders are back ;D
Happy Presidents Day weekend...it's Sold out!
25% off on wines ;D until further notice
Mardi Gras Tomorrow
It's VIVA ROCKABILLY Time ;D
It's a busy weekend @ The O ;D
Best Liquor prices in town 25% off!! On wines ;D
Let the good times roll ;D
Come thru Boyd Gaming Talent show finals @ Showroom @ 7p
Best local casino ;D
WELCOME WCC TEAMS & Fans ;D it's MARCH MADNESS!!!!
VIVA ROCKABILLY! Enjoy & be safe
Let the good times roll ;D
WELCOME Mr. Olympia contestants and spectators ;D
Movie date ;D
It's SPA time....Sigh...
Girls night
"Industry Party"
Hot wings
Wings yumm!
Uh oh Vegas is in trouble now!
Cocktail with my sweetie. Trying to get our second wind, been going since 7am
Food!
Where the heck are we?
Nice suites!
F-ing party like a rock star
Round 3...fight!
Oops forgot to check in.
Time to party.
One of the most unique trendy bars in Vegas!
Go pacman
A little dinner before happy hour ends.
This Cobb salad is no ordinary salad.
Damn
No convenience store here but atleast they have room service.
Sickest decor
Yelp drinks event.
Shaylene and Mike did us right.  Experienced bartender
Not a day-time place. But fun otherwise.
And the birthday celebration begins with the best classic cocktails in town...
The Sin City Sinners are much better than Steel Panther. Not a fan of this place
"Breakfast finished at eleven" really means breakfast finished at eleven.
Not as cool as The Pleasure Pit...
Love the decor
War room
Visiting the Sahara for the last time before they close it :(
Nye tix pickup
Manny! Manny! Manny!
Watching football @ the sports book :)
Penthouse suite for Jasmeer's bachlorette party
Nothing like being poolside on the 4th weekend at a topless pool with a beer in hand.
Concert!
At the rock-n-roll wine tasting. Don't think they'll have here again.
Carnival court is crazy. What a blast.
Gonna try the buffet
Cabana time.
if u've never been to the Artisan, well?  Your as dumb as i was!  this place rules!  Romantic, Trendy, and Classy!!!
booty booty booty booty booty e everywhere!!  Hahahah!
pool tournament goin off in this dump!!!!  everyone just drop what ur doin and come to the Riviera.... two thumbs down
Southern wine and spirits Employee appreciation party!  Thats! How you say thank you!
Start spreading the neeeeews!
there are ghosts in the KA theater!!!!
chillin with my girl!!!!!  Ceasars has great beds!
Cleaning the planet!!!!
Love this fuckin town,  free food for all vendors!
greatest job ever!
Lunch time suckas!
Wicked spoon buffet!!!!!  sooo wicked good!
Wine tasting w my wonderful hubby!
Staycation baby w my hubby!
Changing plans for good reason!
Wine w my new date!
The go-go girls definitely will have neck pain from all the hair wipin'...maybe they can prevent it by actually dancin!
If you have a sheriffs card, rooms are $40 on weeknights.
Haven't had a single thing tonight that I would pay for
Love the sportsbook you can keep the rest of the place
Free classy club till late and very full of trannys
So weird but open all night lol
$1 shrimp cocktails and giant margaritas
Punk Rock Bowling!
Let my weekend filled with punk rock and good times begin
Punk Rock Bowling pool party with Old Man Markley!!! Fuck yea!!!
Weekend in Vegas!
Viva Las Vegas!!!!!
The wifi and reception suck ass here!!!!
Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekender!
Bottle service at the club!
Techno beats all day and all night.
My Suzy's birthday!!!!
What's Black & White & Pink all over?
After hours is where it's at.
But wtf happened to the shrimp bar!!!
Remember where you're room is! It's so easy to get lost here.
vega$!
Came here opening weekend... Meh.
Parking ain't the greatest :(
Secret villas :)
specials they post on their website are "subject to change". Meaning they advertise drink specials but charge regular price. R
Worst and hardest to find parking garage and no valet unless you're a hotel guest. Sucky.
Pixies tribute!!
Nonexistant advertised drink specials? Weak bait and switch, guys.
Easiest free parking in downtown
Another free airport shuttle
Afterhours !
Fun!!!
Happy birthday mandi!!!!!!!!!! We love you!!! Oh and happy birthday jennnnay!!!
kellllllllllly saketini!!!!!!!
Brunch with the parents~
FOODIE FEST! So many choices!!!
Gambling and drinking bloody marys with my mom lmao!
Playing games at the arcade lol
Video poker and vodka lemonade time ~
Triple double ~ vodka lemonade time!!!
They always seem to have a shortage of cocktail servers in the video poker area~ argh
Jessica, is the best cocktail server up in this joint!!!
Mulu, the cocktail server, is awesome~!!!
Holly, Pasquale & Rainbow are here lol #plur
Steak and eggs with loud ass group of drunkies!!! Hahah omg I feel bad for all the other people in the restaurant !
Bingo & Dranks ~
Getting some dranks before the movie !!!
Support Yelper Mandi L. She will be singing the national anthem ~!!! WOOP WOOOP
Checking into our room ... HOLLLLLA~ haha
happy birthday steve!!! party bus time~
Happy birthday rrrrobin ~
I'm on TV mom!!!!
In the mix here tonight til 11pm =) I luv my R&B!
DJing on the patio tonight!
The best 24-hr bingo around, with super-friendly staff!
Bingo at 1am!
Djing at the pool til 5 today!
In the mix at BLVD Pool all 4th of July Holiday weekend!
Nice!!!!
Like the patio and pool area
Must get the Calamari,
Lobster Mac.... Yes, yes, and yes!!!
New Plaza remodeled, very nice. On top of that hash house onsite.... Yatzee!!!
At the cherry suite!!! Awesome!!!
Leave your ball cap in the car, they think ball caps kill people here.
Chillin'
Losing...
Afterparty bitches!!! :D
Afterpartayyyyyy!!!
2bdrm suite.... Party timeeeee
And I'm back ! :)
Feels good to be back!
Still standing.
Place to be tonight
Self parking across the street, no cover
boom!
I lost all my money here :*(
Nice after hours, but would suck if actually staying here!!!!  Noise level extremely high!!!!!
Water massage
F*ck no!!  Our room was not even cleaned, some guy from hoechberg, Germany! Sh*t was still in here!!!!
If the valet is full put up the dayum sign!!!
Fancy
Party of 16 for chey bday bash
Sleep when you're dead.
Party night w da fellas!!!
Out drinkin w Bill. Its funny how drinks and business are so closely related here in Vegas!! New doors open......
Picking up Adam Corolla tickets.....love this guy!!
Watching The Fighter with Jo
Avengers tonight!!!
Absinthe show is amazing!!
Out w da fellas. Its actually packed at spaz tonight.
Girls night to celebrate Amanda's Bday!!!
Haunted Mansion
Gettin rid of tan lines ;) And I even have the pool all to myself! Now if only the clouds would blow away.
The tower suites are amazing! Parlor Suite? Yes! The natural light mixed with the cream tones made me feel so fresh, so clean n so classy!
Artisan is a classic, Between the downtown bars and Artisan, your choices are The Strip or any franchise pub Vegas offers.
Imagine a wild college rave inside the haunted mansion!
Free drink coupons with check in! Great location great price
Yup WTF
Going HAM
DJ doesn't shut down until 9am...that's what I'm talking about! Love after hours!!!
We have arrived...it's our Mexican  getaway in Las Vegas...lovin' it :)
GTL time...GYM, TAN, LUNCH :)
It's raining?? ...well, I guess no pool today...back in my bed I go :)
Helloooo Vegas! Oh, how I've missed my playground :)
Pretty sweet hotel room...huge, nice view, and clean! Nap time before party time :D
:)
Thank you for the good times...time to roll out :)
Wow...NICE! This hotel is awesome! All suites, big bathroom, full living room and kitchen...I'm just sad we're only here one night.
Whirlpool, breakfast in bed, tanning, pool...it has been a relaxing day thus far. Time to pack up and ship out to the next strip hotel :)
LAVO...oh yes, the party continues at the bathhouse lol
We have arrived! Oh yes...let the debauchery begin! :)
After hours!!
We made it!! Vegasssss!!!
First casino of the night!
Vegas!!
The rooms here are awesome!! Full kitchen, laundry, jacuzzi and projector screen!
Fanfest music festival ! Music, art, models.. Yes
Fanfest music festival !
Smells like vanilla:)
Never carpooled in a bentley before .. yum
Get a suite
The music in the casino is club worthy . A+.ph
EDC fail. Party over here!
Jabbawockeez!!! Talented & hilarious :)
If you park in self parking
Watching free Naked & Famous concert!
Yelp nerd dance off pants off!
Cool/weird hotel.  Comfy bed, thin windows, loud parties that go til about 6am. Friendly staff.
Holy fuck people if your close to here is absolutely off the hook right now standing room only!
Service has always sucked, but the amazing food and speciality "adult" drinks always makes up for it every time!!
Monday night comedy show and dinner!!!
F1 Weekend!
Get down slynkee!
WE HAVE ARRIVED!! Punk rock bowling finals!!
Time to take Mikayla to her 2nd tattoo convention!
checkin out magic.
Matt and linas after wedding party!
Awesome vegas spot!
Poolside!
Lost some of its umph!
Quiet and serene getaway
Beautiful as usual
Spa day pass is $55 for fitness and spa. Ouch!
Cosmetically good, but the devil is in the details!
This is a downtown gem!
Love it. Classic art repros adorn every corner like a billionaire stuck in alice's wonderland. Great music, bumping deep house. Artisan afterhours trumps drais. Check it out.
Whatever you think the best hotel in vegas is, you know nothing until you have walked through this interior design magnum opus.
vegas, baby. vegas!
First time lol but theme inside is sooo awesome Halloween style. Music is pretty cool for fist pumping lol
Whatever you do, skip Rm. 526 - single pane windows that will keep you up all night.
I used to love this place! Now it is an obnoxious drugged out after party place. What a let down.
Expect to bring coffee and all the basics. There was no fridge in the room. When sleeping during the day you are constantly bugged by maids. Even with the do not disturb sign on the door.
Taking my husband on a date. He has never been to any of the topless or burlesque shows. We had a great time!
locals are two for one
This place has the potential to be amazing. I love our suite. The customer service is atrocious. The manager doesn't come in till 11am? Are you kidding me? I have a list of customer service issues with this place.
The manger emailed me again and still never followed up with a phone call.
Greatest secret spot in Vegas. Super low key, but amazing vibe!
Beautifuuuuulll!
Faaaaabulouuuss!!
Hipsters grow on trees!
Fun unpretentious VEGAS! Party awesome! Food  Awesome! Come to Artisan if you want a memorable night!!
+ for location and price. Could have had a little more to offer. Would I come back maybe if they comp me again. I guess you get what you pay for or dont.
Hopefully the new renovation also includes new staff and better hotel standards. Only stay here if you have to or if its FREE! On the plus side it is super cheap and if you don't stay in your hotel at all its a cheap way to get right on the strip.
No Arty, no party!
No arty, no party! Awesome afterhours spot. Free for locals and no dress code.
No arty no party..best after hours.
Wi-fi password: afterhours
Free wifi!
Free wifi!
Looks unique!
Deborah and Daisy are great bartenders!! Fantastic srvice! Thank you ladies :-))
After hours!!
AAAUUUGGGHHHH!!!  don't come here if you plan on ever sleeping.  EVER.  the club/party area is 24/7 and SO LOUD that it feels like you're renting a stall in a nightclub bathroom.  the floor VIBRATES from the noise.
even if you prepay for a room, don't expect to get the size you paid for... they apparently can change it on you when you arrive.  also, they may overcharge you by $200, even if the charge isn't listed on the final invoice, so watch your card's account closely so you can correct them in person.
Grapefruit Martini
Favorite hotel on the strip!
Waiting on our 6th to get in buy it nice
Dracula's castle meets thrift store meets the.Addams Family... All with the occasional topless pool party, a killer lounge with some cigars in the humidor... Pricy booze but amazing atmosphere.
Weeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!?
Weeeeeeeeeeee!!!
Finish up grown
Time to gamble
Across the street from work
Try the crab cake
A gem for downtown
Fun time!!!!
Poppin for a Thursday
You know?
Don't sleep
Good night
Can't sleep... Time to find some breakfast
Still a beauty
Eye candy
Really good buffet
Football
Buffet was cray cray...but I already knew that
Back home
One of my favorite Vegas Strip hotels
One of the best....beautiful
Xs
A beauty
Night cap...sike
Stunning hotel
Let's bring it home
Lux
Sexy resort
Only one day off for a while...go for it right? Terrace suite baby...let's go!!!!
Terrace suite
Quick lunch
Quick grub
Watching my lady gamble... Lol
Dead on. Saturday night.   Higher than strip prices.,. Six dollars for water !!!
Friendly staff!
Low stakes blackjack at the bar and free drinks while you play
Cherry bar ..   $1. 00 net gets you comp drink
Peeper for strip-like experience if you are local....   But great IMAX!
Q
Happy hour 11pm - 1am half off drinks.
#iLoveArtisan, nothing beats the atmosphere and energy here in all of Las Vegas.
The best after hours in Vegas !
Loved the decor, had "vampires lair" vibes.
valet only lot. bring yo dolla bills if u stay ;-)
11/6/16 Must take walkway bridge to get to the Shops at Crystals. Streets and sidewalks are closed.
Coming soon: Momofuku.  (Thanks Michael K.)
$100 refundable accessory fee - pay by credit card (that is NOT a debit card) or cash. Fully refundable if no damages. Electronic consent to be signed at check in. ATM available in lobby for cash deposits.
Don't stay here... they will slap you with all kinds of fraudulent charges after your check out. Has happened to a couple people I know, as well as myself.
Would never stay here again. Awful experience.
cool art & cool vibe
You either love it, or hate it. I love it.
Do not stay at this place you will be disappointed
Awesome bartenders. Great music. Great vibes.
Gamling!
Hit the buffet for a $7 lunch.  Good for fried chicken, a salad and an awesome slice or two of cream pie (chocolate, banana or coconut).
Crap table pwns my ass.
Lazy River is sooo full of lazy people.
Nice!!
This hotel meet my expectations. Somewhere up the flower is a swimming pool. Our suite is like made for royalty.
Our suite has everything from washer&dryer, 2 shower heads, roof top swimming pool I think. Feel like royalty.
Check one
Check ya
Check in 3:57 am!!!
This is in some hidden boonies.
Alternate bang for the buck next MGM.
Say hi to the pretty manager named Johanna. She is the personification of nice.
I don't know but their icy lemon water in lobby is crispylicious and not too mention their free coffee next to the entrance, enticing.
Next best to Aria. Say hi to Johanna people!
Check in da banos
Getting ready to bowl this early
Make sure to remember your room number and memorize your way around. The hallways is a maze.
Cute and clean room. They desperately need to upgrade the tv. HUGE comfy bed, the down comforter was amazing. The brunch buffet was delish!
Dog with an afro, tux and sunglasses well okay let's start this night! Very nice friendly staff :)
Stayed here Friday and Saturday night, had such a great time, the suite was amazing and the bathtub was beyond amazing!!!
Dollar beers, bingo, roulette, sexy hot seafood buffet cook...what more could you ask for?!!?
Loved all the sculptures and the pond. There's a neat bakery in there with really cool cake displays. I'm going to have to go explore more.
My husband and myself came here to see Alex Pardee do his live painting. Beautiful hotel and they have mini bowling & pool right by p3studio
Place is crazy packed
Hangover 2
You damn dirty apes!! Ya gonna watch new planet of the apes with me friends
Visiting familia..........
:0)
Here w/ Ari & Tiffy...
Here to watch the fireworks. Great view. :)
What am I doing here? LoL!
Here for B-fast ....
Here for Bingo.. its my 1st time ...
Here to see CHIP COFFEY.
most people eat here for that famous oxtail soup.. I personally dont like it.. but im here for the banana fritters!!
Late night eating is good for your health. :-)
Stuffing my face with some more of them Chinese food. No not Panda. :-)
Friday night!!
Vegas streats!
On a mission
Yellowcard here we are!!!!
Happy bday to my mama
Yay free Degraw show!! Thanks yelp
The best friend is here :)
Never ending night
Mission 3
This is the place to park for hooters, cus hooters parking sucks
Valet is so slow--if you valet on the "north" side, be sure to pick up your car downstairs. They are awful in reminding their clients this
Cool pool
The pools are cool
Cool pool on a hot day
Cool pool
Inadequate signage for conference rooms
They have remodeling since I was here last
Pool looks fun
Host of the 32nd Annual Las Vegas Perspective conference
Easy access to the highway
Cheap drinks and free slot play never a bad thing :p
Taking my mom out for birthday dinner
Marketplace has the cheapest beer. Near Pink Taco
51st floor!!!
Everything is fresh! Squid was amazing!
Les miserables!
Watching one of my face bands of the moment! The Xx.
Lunch is amazing and only 6.99!
$1 games for bowling from midnight to 7am weekdays! And $5 movies all-day on tuesdays!
My favorite place to get $5 steggs. (21 y.o. & over)
Love their 24 hr starbucks here! Hardly busy, trust me!
Come here solely for the $5.99 steak and eggs late night special from 11pm-7am in the restaraunt upstairs.
Called to confirm reservation. Reservations lady hung up on me right before I could finish saying thank you. Kind of rude.
Nice Bellagio fountain view suite!
Complimentary valet parking only!
A short walk away to the Bellagio buffet.
If you want serenity, this is the place !
Nice view from corner suite 24024
Neat parking guide markers lights tell you available space.
Staying here :) we have a nice view of the sunset & sunrise.
Bella suite with the pool view :D
The cashiers seem to hate their jobs. There's not much to eat either. Their new england clam chowder is a brownish color.
Very trendy Hip hotel
Our home for a few days
Home
Home for the night ^_^
Hello!
First time here
They moved my reservation to Venetian! Darn it gotta walk over..
:)
Home for the weekend
Staying here for the night :)
Home for the week :)
Sky suite
Room service! Steak & eggs - 5 oz medium petite filet mignon & over easy eggs 29 Spaghetti bolognese 19 extra sauce & add mushrooms.
Fast accurate timing for room service
Home
The line to check in at the moment is ridiculous!!
First time betting!
With alisa Jenny n lotus going to the joint to see tiesto!
Great Sports book. Comfy chairs and they turn up the volume!
$5 low limit crap tables.
Great craps table out on the sidewalk but be warned it is ghetto....
Summer display is off the hook!
Hot cocoa, snow, fireplace...merry Xmas.
Buffet of buffets but man, parking structure sucks. 6'8" ft clearance= not SUV friendly.
POSH. 'nuff said.
Favorite hotel on the Strip. Hands down.
Sexiest hotel on the Strip. As if I haven't already mentioned that :)
The only place to be in Vegas.
...and we're back!!! Wheee!!!
Decent pool with nice lounge chairs and surprisingly not crowded. Maybe cuz everyone's at Rehab lol.
meeting people here is easy cause this place clashes with anything a sensible person would wear
Staying in the west tower, with a view of the desert.... It's so vast.
g'nite
hey it's a place to lay my head at night.
its got a phone in the bathroom what else do I need?
sleep? or eat?
Only 2 reasons to go here... Prime run and bowling.
Going to check out the M Resort.  Heard lots about the buffet.  Let's see...
pole dancing heaven.
=)
Now to go check on the equipments. Providing sound system for a wedding.
This place got the best Loco Moco
Eating Bento plate.
Asian Festival.
damn so much things to do tonight!! Dealing business for work at the belagio.
Ono grinds brah
Poolside chillin'..calm before the storm!
and it begins..
time to get CRUNCH-ed up.
Front desk people are really nice!
Take advantage of house keeping! It'll make you feel like you got your money's worth for the $50 hotel fee! Also there is a $250 deposit.
Checking in! =]
Nap time!!
Sleep time!!!
Bam
Time to place my NFL bets for tomorrow...
Time to place my football bets
Time to place my NFL bets
Time to check in and start the party!!
Check in Thursday
Back again
Checking in to our room at Encore :D
One of my favorite hotels to stay at
Holiday weekend in Vegas!! First time staying at this hotel
Suites with a kitchen, jacuzzi, and a projector
Gonneeee
Cheap room for first night. Pent house tomorrow!!
Mayweather vs. Cotto
Le Reve
Just spent $96 on sanuk flip flops! So worth it!
Rolling with the homies. Who's down to kickit
Play all day party all night
Lunch at Wynn was delicious!
Le Reve tickets
Pool time
The happiest place on earth ;)
Always tip your bartenders and waitresses!! ;)
Hottie cocktail waitresses ;)
Wazuzu has the best sushi! See chef Jet!
Always a good time! Dueling pianos start at 9pm
Best Bloody Marys! Get it spicy of course!
Dang those cocktail waitresses are hot! ;)
Always a beautiful sight ;)
Best Bloody Marys!
Mondays are industry nights at XS nightclub
Yeeeeeesssssir. The bomb.
Holly Madison host Tryst tonight.
2 awesome clubs under Encore's roof!
Holler if you see me!
Hot cocktail waitresses :)
Always a great time!
Memorial day weekends top pick!
Tip your waitress ;)
Common
Pretty!! Great food! Great vibe! It's opening is always hectic thou! I'll be back when the rush is over!!
Just ate at Scarpetta... Spaghetti tomato and basil was amazing! Great view of the bellagio water show!
Free drink tickets, cookies and bottled water for waiting in the 4 hour check in line (or if you have friends doing it like me)!! :)
$1 Margaritas!!! Strawberry and Lime!!! :D
Living large
KA!
Sweet Suite! :D
I love playing at the tables here!
Love playing pai gow here!!
My favorite place to gamble
Lookin for some cheap show tickets...
Gambling with the parentals - this is new :)
Watching my baby play poker at the Venetian!!
Vacay time! Hurry up crew!!
Mmm.... Hot coffee :) good morning, Vegas!
Oooo nana ... What's my name again?!?!?
Time to party in my pink dress!! :)
Love my hotel room!!!
Good afternoon, Vegas :)
What happens at Vdara, stays at Vdara.
avengers!!!!!
Hmmmm sketchy!
Oasis in the desert!
Saaaaahhhwweeettt!!!
Free pool party & dranks!!
Bout to do some belly flops!!
Bic mownee bic mownee!!
Big money papa need a brand new monies!!
Let's do this!!
Tech n9ne!!
Lemme try my luck hurrrr
So many skanks
Weekends are great for people watching for hot people and the people who can't hang and handle Vegas
hungryyyy!!
viva las vegas!!
team pacquiao!
happy bday xyra!!!
upgraded!!!! party like a rockstar!!!
Jabba jabba ....
Licensing international EXPO!
Gondola ride $16 / person.
The inclinator (not the elevator mind you) makes me diZzy!@?$!
Love their chandeliers...Outdid Bellagio's....very modern feel....
$1 ANY drink! Disorono & coke all night! Yeee!
5 BEERS say WHAAAT! Gettin drunk for a dollah! Haha.
Beer belly time? Eww. ;)
Oxtail soup is the bomb!!!!
Mmmm oxtail soup and Portuguese sausage!!
Spacious rooms!
You can watch the Siren show daily at 5:30 pm, 7:00 pm, 8:30 pm, 10:00 pm, and 11:30 pm.
Smells like lotion when you walk into the building :)
They play music in the parking garage. How nice :)
It's time.
Touchdown. XS tonight. Checking in and checking in.
Wesssssst gaaaaate!
Check out retna painting of the parking lot section b3
Same building different views
What happened? How did I get here?
It's so cold!
Oxtail soup!
Hella fckin' buzz :)
Nice red theme :)
XS is where it's at tonight! :)
I love how classy the room looks decked out in white decor :)
Chilling at Parasol Up for some drinks :)
Having dinner at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant for booboo's b-lated :)
Still packed with gamblers on a Sunday night
Heading to TAO
Went to the pool earlier :)
Gonna go to Noodle Asia :)
Going to Noodle Asia :)
Going to TAO beach :)
Going to the Grand Lux cafe for lunch :)
Going to Grand Lux because it's the only place open right now...
Going to Grand Lux :)
Just finished swimming :)
Going to Noodle Asia for some dinner
First time staying at the Venetian. I usually stay at Palazzo but since they are pretty much twin hotels, I'm sure the rooms are the same.
Gonna check out some white tigers
Walking around trying to find a lounge with good music to go to lol
Took the tram from Mirage to here
Nice hotel :)
Gonna check out BOA Steakhouse
Going to grab a sandwich at Earl's :)
Nice ass view from the 47th floor :)
One of my favorite hotel! :)
Back to our hotel :)
Romping around the lobby at 3 AM :)
Ughhh i barely woke up and it's 9 PM :(
Damnnn so many OLD people! :(
Checking out :(
Walking around to find some food
Love this hotel! I'm a happy customer here everytime :)
Grabbing some drinks downstairs :)
Chilling at Laguna :)
Checking out :(
Busy night :)
Going to Surrender for LMFAO :)
I'm in VEGAS, bitch! Hahaha :)
I'm in VEGAS bitch! Hahaha :)
Going swimming! It's wayyy too HOT! :(
Hitting the pool! :)
Checking out! :(
Going to Okada for dinner :)
Going to Surrender for Sydney Samson :)
Walking around trying to find some food
Got some bottles at Haze :)
Meeting up with some peeps
New hotel in Las Vegas :)
Going to Marquee for a private event :)
Popping bottles at Marquee with Cosmic Gate & Avicii in the house! :)
Going to Nobu for some sushi! :)
Feast Buffet with the kiddos!
WSOP time of the year. Woot!
Beautiful hotel and casino!
Tanning
Horrible front desk service. Wonderful resort service.
The "O" show with the foodies.. First time going out to something other than eating!
pre-gaming before lunch
New Octavius tower
Princess Bridezilla and her Party Posse is here!!
M buffet!!
Bachelorette party posse in the house!
Ballin suite!!
Tackiest hotel but mmmmm hash house is so good!!
Show me your......CHICKEN WANGS!!
Home for the weekend
Tah tah Rio!
"In New Yoooork, these streets will make you feel brand new, bright lights will inspire youuu."
Came up one-hunnit! Ayyyyy!!!
Livin' the suite life!
Vegas? Fuckin smart.
That's Dougs phone!
Did Caesar live here??
Hi Vegas :)
They ran out of the bagpack i wantes at the Gucci store!
Bingo with the aunty
Watching "Da Braddahs" tonight
And now to go home LOL
Haven't been here in awhile
It's orientation day!!! But I've been here for 4 months LOL
Still going LOL
Taking a break from studying LOL
And were walking and were walking :(
Pepper!!!! Not the seasoning
Watching a show here
Calling it a morning.  Until later pool party
Rabbit theme
Is having lunch @blt Kobe Burger
No casino nor tables to gamble
Ultra modern
Dropped $1500
Nap time
Sleep time
$1000 buy in
Pool time
All checked in :)
Nice:)
lo mein is a bitch
Common big money!!!
Dear gambling gods please let me win mega millions thanks!
Ending the trip classy
my baby is my good luck
Stopping on the way to cosmo
Cutting thru to get to bellagio
Picking up our tickets for zumanity :)
Hungers!!!
Tram to bellagio :)
Tram to bellagio :)
Lets try my luck here
Jackpot!!! Lol jk i wish -_-
Fail
Meh me no likey
Im in a pyramid
I need to win mega millions
Disaster @ check in big blob of people too much talking...let me effing gamble!!!
Checking in :)
Home sweet home
Valet sucks
Checking in...i hate the check in line...
Valet sucks penis
Checking in...yay
Happy hour everyday 2-7 :)
Yay! Eating bfast and shopping :)
Show me the money!!!!!!
Nice rooms...
Waiting for forum shops to open @ caesars so going to earls :)
I still need to win mega bucks...
Gamble time
YAY! Im finally here! :)
I love Vegas!!!
Good bye palazzo see you soon! i hate moving hotels mid trip lol
I love the tram esp on hot days :)
;) my fav!!!
We can't leave Vegas!!!! LOL
Ahhh how i missed you so...
Checking in :)
Gambling time
Checked into our home for the next couple of days :)
Happy hour twice a night: 4-6 and 9-11. Every night!
Long check-in line even though we're late :(
Gamblinggg.
We have arrived!! Let the weekend begin! :)
We've arrived at our hotel! :)
Room not ready yet :( Guess we'll eat, haha.
My last check-in here this weekend :(
Last destination before heading back to LA!! =)
Oyster bar isnt packed, come join me!
Beach party at night!!!!!
Room & Board for the evening.
Buffet is bomb!  Don't sleep.
Buffet baby!
Wahoo! Came up on some free pizza, cheese bread, and 2 liter soda!
Another day another dollar!
Free breakfast, wifi, and shuttle to the strip and airport! And it's Right next to the 15 freeway!
After hours dining. I will go with a mahi mahi salad and brown rice tonight.
B-I-N-G-O and BINGO was his name-o!
Dinner! Nom nom nom.
&3.99 steak and eggs!
Late night steak and eggs to sober up
Sin city singles party! I'm telling you if you're not here you're missing out! The place is so cute!
Asian festival!!!
$11.99 lunch buffet
Last night for a restaurant week dinner! Go big!
Hotel party!!!! If you ain't there then you sure are square!
Oooohhhh killing me softly!
Mark the bartender is AMAZING! The best bartender ive ever met!!!!
Eeee! On my way to lush!
Comp room yay!!
$1 bowling yeah!!!
Food truck fest!
Las Vegas Fistibrawl! Rawr!
Lobster and garlic shrimp night at the feast buffet!!!
PH! You got me square dancing around this whole place!
Foster the people!!
Geek dance!!!'
Pastel project time!!
Pool time! Open entry At the pool for locals!!!
Thank you Easter Seals Nevada for providing us with the awesome cabana! Woo! Pepper concert time!
I'm ranked 47th this week on yelp!
Pool time
Checking in!
Vegas!!!
Hello Las Vegas!!!
Co
Complimentary Buffett!
Swimming pool time!
Starting off my birthday week with a weekend getaway ; )
$1 bowling & $1 drinks for the Birthday boyeeeee!
Swing shift front desk agent tonight was very friendly, efficient and hospitable.  Highly recommendable!
Checking in ; )
Vegas!!!!
$20 trick...
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner!!
Five diamonds cuz were cool like that!
Tuesday! Closer to Friday!
Five Diamonds for a reason!
Worship Service @ Glendale Locale :) until they have their new chapel. Iglesia Ni Cristo for life :)
Very trendy!! Mural walls in the rooms and hardwood floors.
Five diamond resort and for a reason! Beautiful and service is TOP NOTCH.
Goodbye :(
Green = empty parking space. Red = taken parking space. Oh the little perfect details. Bathrooms are nice too.
Marquee for Liz
Poooool time!
excuse me. where's the sportsbook?!
I didn't stay here
Home for the next few days!
Home for the next 4 days!
Great happy hours on beers and the mojito is bomb! Newly renovated, rooms still smell a bit old
Horrible customer service!! You get what you pay for I guess. The managers here are idiots. And check in is 4pm but they might have your room ready, they don't really know what they are doing. Avoid!! I say pay that extra $50 and stay at a better place!
Cheap tables
They have full size beds and not queen...who does that?!
The sun gets blocked off by Palazzo around 2. Only the last pool gets some sun.
Comfy beds
2 bdrm villa, full kitchen and washer/dryer... Just like a home away from home!
Very snazzy!
After eating there's gambling!
Castle
casinnnnoooo time!
Shuttle service saves me some $$
War game! Easy money maker!
Expect this place to be packed!
Very nice place to take pictures
Nice place!
Gamble time! A lot of blackjack tables!
Nice place. !
Gamble time!
Music!
The forum shop! $$$
The trump!
Nice place
Pacqiao weigh in!
cha Chinngg! Gamble time
We win!!
Girls night!
Back again...
Can't complain to have this place for an office! #taogroup #marqueelasvegas #taolasvegas #lavolasvegas #needvegashelptextme
Awesome Hotel and the ONLY ONE with an accessible BALCONY! - Come Visit me at Marquee & Go back and forth between Partying in the WRAP AROUND SUITES & The Hottest Nightclub in the COUNTRY!
Nothing good happens after midnite...
I like the local casinos. ESP Station when they pay! Yay!
Balmy!
Awesome Hawaiian food upstairs at Aloha Specialties...
Old School Downtown for Hawaiian Food at Aloha Specialties! :)
Reunion (and a little lucky timing!) with Chris S and Family for an early gift for Lily!
Quick Cashing in...
Drive up Entrance is NOT on The Strip! Enter off Koval and Paradise! Follow signage...
Great Race Promo Time! 3 Properties checked in! Off to Number 4 at Laughlin tomorrow!
"That's just something they know..." -Drake. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNRAuzj2ImA   Time for some dice...
Haha Harrahs!
Off to see the wizard...
Oh what a night...
Bam! Pool time!
Black Jack SWITCH available here!
1st Annual Las Vegas ASIAN Food Festival! Crowded! Perfect night!!!
Amazing weather for a day of sightseeing in LV!!!
Star Trek is HERE!
The largest Annual Star Trek Convention is held here!
Ma hit the 5 of a Kind on video poker! 5 6's!!! What are the odds!!! Woulda been 4000 payout on $1.25!
2012 CES!
Papa needs a new pair of shoes!!!! =P play time with Pia Dirk & Da Binks
Bally NO dice at 3 of 4 tables...
The Main Entry is impressive at the Check In area!!! Beautiful!
Checking out TI after 10+ years... Cirque's Mystere and Canter's Deli is here!
Door to Door Service! :)
There are 5 "15-minute" parking spots just outside of main Valet area!
Boarding Pass Buffet time with Elle Pia Dirk Ben Sleepy Sam...
Wowza! This place is fancy, huh!!! Seriously nice gaming floor of all the Station Casinos!
No Dice at Ichiza til 9pm! Packed! Dang CES'rs ! Time to eat at The FEAST Buffet!
Taking Krissy out to our local casino for slots and a craps lesson! :)
Hello!
Donation time...
It's been 6 years since my last visit here... :)
Killin' Time at the Craps Pit...
This space is gorgeous... Ultimate in modern design and architecture!
So different compared to the Local Station Casinos!
Outstanding resort! This place is gorgeous!
Marquee is nuts!!!
The Hundreds in Liberace's Living Room!
Buy bye Bally's!!!   Pipi wins on the 28! Yay!
Checking out the tables... "I'm on one" - DJ Khaled http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2qLTsYr39c
Old school ...
Checking out the tables...
$4.99 is now $5.99 for the steak special ...
I just paid for parking ... First time in 20 years in Vegas.
Oh Lady Luck, how I miss thee.
It's open again ...Viva Las Vegas!
AzN food festival
Jabbawockeez
New Year at Koi!
24/7 Happy Hr!
Happy Hr.
It's very nice.
Martinez vs Chavez Jr open circuit
Just won kungfu  panda!
Time to be a kid again
Lets win a giant hello kitty
I swear their new rooms are so paper thin
Lion king !
There is a tram that goes to luxor and Excalibur
Watching my dad gamble
Parking lol
Winning some toys for my niece :)
The fun never stops haha!
Feeling lucky!  Cause I remember mike ngo making it rain when playing craps haha!
making more money :)
Cheaper minimum lol
1oak!!
1 oak yeee
Checking into daniels place.
Time to make that money
Getting ready yeee
Or as the filipinos would say in their accent, "kaisers palace"
Starbucks and visiting some of my hot dealer friends ^_~
Parley time yee
Checkin in my place yee!
Making that money!
Meeting with the lovelies
Cause all the cool cats come here!
Can never have too much fun :P
Making more money
Checking in woot!
Good morning Vegas.  :)
Finally...my bed!
Checkin in to my suite.
Bar hopping!
Because fun never gets sexy enough.  That's what she said?
Trying some crazy dranks
Meeting pam and patrick
Quite a walk to rooms elevators
Hoping the freebies deal from priceline is real: bogo buffet, 2 free cocktails & 2 free admission to studio 24
No luck in Aria :(
Do we get free chocolate?
Stunning chandeliers
They have Keurig coffee/tea maker & free shuttle to strip
2 bedroom suite = 1 bedroom suite with sofa bed + studio with sofa bed. Supposedly get the odd numbers room at higher floor for better view. It's cool that you communicate to customer service through texting & they're super responsive
Fucked up
Hello Vegas :D
Bingo!
$1 bowling games at midnight
Midnight break fast
Fancy
Slots suck here
At the chandelier.
Florence + The Machine!!!
Whut.. did u say free room? sure, why not.
One last time...!
One more nite?? Suure okies. Why not?? =)
Craps
Sunday Football
Round two. #craps
The rooms are in definite need of some remodeling if they want to keep up with the newer, more modern hotels
The view is spectacular from the Terrace!
Make sure you stay in the cabana suite. Super nice but far from the main las vegas strip
One of the fancy hotels on the strip.
Resort fees are lame! Pool is closed but free wifi!
Only single beds
Islands teriyaki
Someone said there was a cool fountain I should check out..
Just another sunday
Now this is the right way to start a Tuesday!
What the!?
never staying here again. booked a non smoking room but they were overbooked. refused to comp anything or upgrade us to a suite. HORRIBLE!!!
Valet service could be better/more polite.
Nicest rooms ever!!
Broke me off. Lol.
Most comfortable beds in Vegas!
Massage at La Rival spa. Great way to start a Vegas weekend.
Wow! So many mirrors in our room! I love it!
Money
Swim!
Dropped off Joel, grace and Jay at the airport, picking up Sam and Adam here. How the heck did y'all get here?
Pool party.
Happy bday Ernee
Time to party!
All nighterrr
Time to rage!
And so on..
We have meet again ..
Weeeee
Win some alright
Another night
Can't leave Vegas without some buffet
Buffet
Yay
Yay
Time to rage
Midnight 25 wing WEDNESDAY!!! HOLLA @ YA BOI!
Watching the Fountain Show
Latin Concert - Dont understand a word their saying.
Working for WIS
Birthday Party for my 21st!
And we're finally here!!!
Here to watch "Fantasy"! Just found out it's like, about hot girls strip teasing?
Mur
Picking up my CES badge! W00t W00t!
Oh la la pretty
The getaway begi
EVO
I can't believe it's about to go down. It all still feels like a dream. No point in waiting outside. In we go, so I can live my moment for life.
$25 resort fee charged daily. Includes crappy wifi, access to fitness center. Such a ripoff
Executive suite = sweet
My old stomping grounds
Making my donations
It's been an interesting 24 hours.
gorgeous!!!
Closing
Still my favorite casino on the Strip
Oxtail soup with the family.
Out with the younger ones....its time for there fun.
Checkin in.
I had no choice. But I did pretty good.
Just earnings family play on the machines. lost 20.00 dollars playing caveman keno. It was fun while it lasted.
Good luck to all!
Decent! Except no cell reception inside the hotel is strange
Hmm not sure about this hotel...
Rooms aren't that bad. I expected worse! They're pretty decent actually!
Longest check in line I've EVER seen! This is ridiculous :(
Vegas Spring Social ;P
drinky time with my hunny and our meatballs!!!! :)
Staying here for the weekend
Staying here
Cirque du Soleil KA with jimmy :) happy anniversary baby!
Home for three days :) :)
Passing through. Bawse bathrooms.
Let's find this bakery!!!!
Quincy said so.
I made it! Now... Friday EDC tickets need to find their way into my hands NAO.
Dressed and omw.. I think.
Yuuup..
Here because I MUST eat at least one spot of my choice at least. Bah. Haha
Pleasure Pit dealers ;)
Smells good. That's how they get you to gamble longer? Hah
Finishing the Giants game at the bar even before checking in. Haha
Swanky
I love how sparkly this hotel is...
Passing through. Beats walking in the sun...
They're playing K-Pop!!!! Lol... 2NE1 ftw!
36th floor, high ceiling. Let the madness begin.
Let the drinking begin......
Beautiful hotel in downtown.
GOOD night !
Have the cravings for oxtail stew :). Haven't been here for years! I'm a local girl, gotta have my oxtail soup...
Busy night.
Nice room. Ready to party this week-end with the girls!
Its so friggin far!  Out of nowhere!!!
Sky suites awesome!
Everyone seems to be arriving and checking in late tonight :(    tired.....
Chillin', hung over, drinking, partying!!!
Time for another WHERE event
WHERE event for Peepshow
Free wi-fi!
Checked into a dirty tower room.. :/ next morning waited in line to change rooms.
Wifey craving some wings!
Time for some Prime Rib & Crab Legs!
And it begins
Time for stidyl f.
Werd
Lttbmti
I miss you!!!!!!
I don't remember checking in here. Or anything else since passing baker.
Heidi Montag causing a scene at my hotel. I bet I'd look that good with implants too.
I heart you J. Brown
Ok I'm sooooo done
If you're low on phone battery, they have chargers for iPhones/droids
Birthday weekend!!! $400 for 2 nights!
Terrace view!!!
Relentless parents...aiya...
work work work work, yeah you know i got that work!!
BJ The Chicago Kid & DJ M!KEATTACK!! #swag
Blvd Stage w/ M!keattack & Aloe Blacc!!
Good lounge to enjoy a drink before hitting the vegas night scene.
I love the lobby bar.....
I love the lobby lounge one of the best in the city.
Nice boutique spot
Pet Friendly!!
Marquee
Chippindales
VIP pimpin
It's not France but its ok until I return to Paris, Fr
Hello suite!
Stripper 101 time!!
Back for stripper 101
Chillin at the Ghostbar.
Music by the pool on Saturdays!
Studio B Buffet is ok. The dessert was the best part!
There is a little event parking area on the first floor of the parking lot
Next time I gotta bring some of my yelp fellas
Yep
getting here from the parking structure is such a mindfuck
Nice place off strip that offers a fun ambiance. Don't forget to stop by the giant fish tank just outside the Bass Pro shops entrance
If coming to see any of the Shows at The Quad easiest route off of I-15 is to take the Flamingo East exit then turn left onto LV blvd. the parking entrance is hidden so go slow and stay in right lane. It's directly across from Caesars.
The nicer, sit down restaurants close pretty early in here. You'll end up at "Grand Lux Cafe" if it's too late
Breakfast Chyme!
No one can read my poker face
Poker
And we're back
4 out of 6 people ordered steak. Ranged from medium rare to well done. All steaks came out dry and hard. I ordered the elk burger. Came out dry as well. Last: 1 person ate the country style breaded chicken with gravy from the breakfast menu. That came out nice. Specially the gravy.
If your going to the pool for a drink, ask for Matt or Dick. They will hook you up;)
PAY TO PARK?! What is this? California???
They have wifi!
Ahem, has this hotel heard of RENOVATION? :P
Alotta boobs here!!!!
Getting into trouble...again
Muse concert!
I'm from Sacramento and ppl from Sac don't like the Maloof Bros aka The MAGOOFs! What a boring casino...
The only thing worth coming to this Casino are the JABBAWOKEEZ!!! Thanks for pulling me on stage tonight!!! Had an amazing time!!! Whooo!!! :)
Checking in
Last hotel check in before heading home..
I love the hotel room's balcony. Loving the view. :)
Watching my favorite Poker Player. :)
Ewww!!! The rooms here are so old and outdated!!!
The dealers are cute and nice.
Tripled my money on the dice at this place.  Great rolls!
This is a beautiful hotel with easy parking.
Same place different colors
2nd time here absolutely love the trump! Clean, spacious rooms, huge bathroom, large jacuzzi tub and superb customer service! Very nice pool and lounge seating, across from the fashion mall, perfect resort, no casino.
The waiters need to move a little more quickly!!!
Valet.. Save yourself the headache of trying to find a parking spot right now
Horrible customer service. Do not, I repeat, DO NOT stay here!!!
Hotel rooms are disgusting. Carpets are so dirty that our feet got black. When we first checked in, there were stains on our bed sheets and pillows. I guess you can say that you get what you pay for.. Cheap hotel. At least there was a mini fridge.
Luv it
Dress warm Kuz it's COLD out tonight! Pure Aloha Fest is ON!
Bingo is pretty fun.  Just found out the bowling is 24/7, just try next time.
Octavius suites have 3 poke stops!!!!
One of the best hotels in the strip. :)
We miss the Hilton =(.
Favorite hotel in Vegas
Just walking through. Heehee
Upgraded resort room=Soaking tub (oval),flat screen,fridge,great view(24 Flr+)&access to resort suite w/comp drinks, AM/PM snax.
Great entertainment options!
Recently renovated.  Welcome service from valet lacking, which was disappointing on a slow night. Room is sparsely furnished, but less is more right? Older but nice sized tub.
Centrale restaurant is a cute working-lunch / casual catching up w/ old friends joint!
Octavius Tower rocks!
Drunks I mean
Good place to bring the fam!
A fancy design hotel/casino
Ehhh
Why is it this hard to find a redbull?!
:)
Alisa at the front desk was so nice and accommodating!! Very friendly:) will definitely stay here again!
Housekeeper Martha is the best!!!!
Check out the skating rink in front of Venetian... When it's not raining lol
If you're parking at this resort make sure you're aware of any major conventions during your stay. Parking will be nearly impossible in some cases!
Red Rock us a great place for locals!  For a date night check out Cherry or go bowling and watch a movie for something a bit more relaxed.
Park at the Wynn 2nd or 3rd level instead of Encore if you're headed to Surrender. Easier to just walk over the bridge.  Vs encore casino
I love the encores drive up to the garage. Makes me think I'm not in the desert for one second
Message me for help getting into Marquee.
Check our Marquee Nightclub if you're staying at the Cosmo
Contact me for help with any guest list or VIP service! (702)884-7425
Contact me at 702-884-7425 for guest list!
Text me for guest list! 702-884-7425
Text me at 702-884-7425 for guest list or VIP services
For guest list and VIP services contact me at (702)884-7425
Text me for guest list or VIP service.  702-884-7425
Contact me for guest list at any club! 792-884-7425
Contact me for guest list tonight at Marquee!
Get a table!! Only way to do it!!
Any club!
Marquee... Best spot in Vegas!
Take a cab here! This hotel has a serious f-ing parking problem! Valet is always full...ghetto. And so is the self park.
Parking is a breeze!
=D
On top of snowy mountain!!! Sucha pretty breathtaking view
Pet friendly hotel!  Yassssss!!
They charge you $20 if you want to use the fitness center...
Good like mixture of things to eat. The twin creeks had a great salad and the bass pro shop keeps me coming back.
It's the cheap breakfast I tell ya
All you can eat prime rib. .yeah!
The best Chalula wings.
Pool
$210 summer rate,  pricey for something so far from strip, eek
not the best steak in town but for the price of it there almost no room to complain
Great for kids for shows, including the blue man group and circus!
Uh check ins  upstairs!!!! So complicated to find!
Love the buffet
$4 Miller & Coronas. Also $3 Blackjack
$1 live Blackjack 24/7
Buy your tickets at the box office w/ a local ID and pay no ticket fees!
There's a parking garage all the way right on the property
You need a valid card/key to get to the 32nd
Pregame b/c drinx r outta control expensive up in here! $18 Modelo tall boys, $16 mixed drinx that r poured like virgins! But that view & them acoustics!
DO NOT park in their self parking. We got our ticket validated, went to leave and it said "Reduced $5, pay $7 balance." Ummm, we were only there for like an hr and 15 min. Then took 20 min to get someone to correct it. LAME!
Clean rooms, very descent breakfast included
Worst service I have EVER gotten at the bar
I saved 30% on vegasbooked.com vs flamingo website
Great experience...friendly staff from front desk to housekeeping folks are all Awesome!!!  Affordable and comfortable rooms...definitely want to return...
Win/Lose... still fun times!!!
So junk, no luck!!!
Played slots and was somewhat lucky...
Comfortable,  affordable & spacious rooms... Casino is great, variety of restaurants that are convenient and a bowling alley that is family friendly!!!
Great venue to catch the BIG GAME... Free entry, food is affordable and drink variety is reasonable!!!  Seating is banquet style, so view of the big screen is Amazing!!!
Simple place...perfect for families!!!
Interesting environment... Kido had so much fun & was ecstatic!!!
Interesting place to gamble...
Interesting sites...love the mardi gras theme... Sexy & Wicked!!!
Can't get.enough of this place....
Machines are not so friendly...
Quint atmosphere... Real nice & comfortable environment!!!
One of My fave places to visit... Winter season is the nicest with grounds decorated for great picture perfect postcards!!!
Breathtaking adventure...
Not as interesting when compared to other places...
Nothing too fabulous, maybe didn't give it a chance...
Unbelievable & breathtaking!!! Can't get enough of this place!!!
Accommodations to locals is great...pat out seems better than other locations!!!
Everything is so pretty...
Nice place to stay... central location adds to convenience.  This place has slots that you can win with, shops galore & restaurant options beyond measure!!!
Not one of my fave...
Interesting setup!
Pay for what you get... literally!!!  Stained carpets, indicator light for elevator needed to be fix, hallways had a weird smell ... Sports book was a nice area and front desk are friendly & efficient!!!
Free wifi and cheap tables!!
Their bingo room sells $1 bags of in house made popcorn! They have a popcorn maker in the drinks area
Hotel offers free wifi
Free wifi
They have free wifi even if you're not staying at the hotel... That's pretty awesome
Free wifi
Self park takes you to the mall and gotta get thru the mall to reach casino/hotel area
Free wifi
Phenomenal rooms. Definitely the place to be when wanting to do Vegas right! Very modern and hip
Has one of THE BEST hotels on the strip!! Marquee (Cosmopolitan's day/night club)  itself gets 5stars from me and then some
Rooms are like 1 bedroom condos minus the kitchen... 1 and a half bathroom 3 TVs... Internet service comes with room!! Love it
There is a new quote or message every day on the large mirror that faces the entrance to the hotel room elevators... Pretty cool
Great location to bring prostitutes back to your room
The customer service is terrible
Don't go to their presentation for the timeshare you will be their for 8+ hours long. Also once you give them your personal info they will bombard you with calling your cell phone and home number every single day and minute. I'm not kidding you but I kept getting a call from a Florida area code 954 and I have requested them to please stop calling me and they say they will remove me and put me on their do not call list. They still call me and I have to block their numbers each time.
venetian!
Go pack go!
Yep, this place still sucks. And hella busy.
In a day and time where the average Joe gets less and less for FREE and also in a day and time where fewer and fewer of our vacation pics actually end up developed and printed, Binion's in downtown Las Vegas takes care of both needs. And all behind a cool stack of 1 Million U.S. Dollars! From 9am to 11pm daily Binion's visitors can have 1 free photograph taken with Binion's Million, and they will print and develop the free 5x7 photograph enclosed in a free Binion's card for free! A cool souvenir
Located in the back of the casino near the sports book is Benny's Smokin' BBQ and Brews with delicious and affordable BBQ.  Inside the restaurant is a separate enclosed man cave of a room with tvs and leather chairs, devoted to the pleasure of cigar smoking. It is open during restaurant hours and has no cover charge. Drinks can be purchased at restaurant bar. You can bring your own cigars or buy them at nearby Vato's Cigars across the hall. Restaurant opens at 4pm daily.
Free all day parking with validation.
Villas are big!
Uber picks up in a specific location by the theater.
Valet is on the side, not on Las Vegas Blvd.
They charge for parking now! $8 self parking!!!
Check in line is bananas!
3pm bingo!
valet is $18
Nice, clean hotel.  The suites are large and beautiful.  But, only one bed per room.
Great hotel, awesome perks hidden gems and walking distance to the monorail !
Bank account reflects over-charges after checkout...hope the money gets credited back.
View of the strip (58th floor). Palazzo is blocking my viewww!!
They charge for parking now. First hour is free and it's $7 after. Buffet dinner price starts at 3:00P.M instead of 3:30P.M.
I'm so used to ghetto hotels that I didn't know they don't have a fridge nor hair dry blower here...wet hair it is!!!
Never been inside! But love their volcano show each time I walk by. It runs every hr.
Aweee no more Pirates showww!!! Forever gone. Booo. Their rates here are cheap on weekdays though
Parking: From Las Vegas Blvd, go on Flamingo and make a left turn into LINQ. And another left at the first alley. And left into the parking lot, which is level 3
Parking: from Las Vegas Blvd, go on Harmon and make a left at the first light to go in the parking lot.
The check-in and checkout process are slow and inefficient.
A nice place to stay when in Vegas: fun casino, decent rates, beautiful pool, and brand new Tom Colocchio restaurant!
Honestly I thought this hotel would be a little douchey, but it's actually very classy and modern. I especially recommend the suites. Spacious and not bad for the price! Consider staying here during your visit to Sin City.
This is one swankified hotel with gorgeous views of the Strip. Surprisingly, offers reasonable prices. Check it out for your next stay.
Most relaxing way to wait for a flight. Complimentary services include: light buffet, cocktails, wifi, TV's, office area, and lounge chairs perfect for napping. Sweet!
Here to check out Steel Panther :-) & get sum vittles
Attending the Icewine event sponsored by equifera
Just an awesome place.
Headed to the Boulevard! Yelp Elite
Dos equisetum but no happy hour!
These fountains at Belagio never get old :)
Monte Carlo is like the rest of the strip today kinda slow.
Home of LAX and Criss Angel none to shabby
You can always use the giant light coming out of the roof as a landmark at night time
The Super Bowl Vibe is in there air at Caesars! Sunery James & Ryan Marciano kick off their new residency at Hakkasan tomorrow!
Osheas is back better than ever!
Bring you shower sandals. You wont want to go inside their shower without them
It's T pain concert yoo
Great music, good food!
New Sports Lounge built across from the retail store!
Bass player of INCUBUS,  Ben Kenny,  will be performing in the new lounge--Blitzed--- after the sold out show Saturday 10/8/11.
No kids quest
Watching grandpa gamble!!!
Staying here with ohana!! Whoo hooo
Got back from dropping sum of the ohana off the airport!! Going back to sleep!!
Back @ hotel after bar hopping!! Probably more drinking!!!
Bac from the airport from dropping off Kat & Mikey!! Now it's Nainai time!!!
Lei Day Festival from 9am - 6pm today!!! It's the last day for all the shopping u like!!
Going to eat @ aloha specialties!!
Eating @ aloha specialties!!
Hanging out!!
Relaxing in my room!!
Bedtime!! Haha
Get back from Honey Pig!!! Whoo hoo we r fuck up!!
Swimming @ the pool!!
Hanging out with fam from hawaii!!
Hanging out!!
Setting up our booth @ pure aloha festival
Pure Aloha Festival from 4pm-11pm Today!! Come check out Simply Hawaiian!!!
Pure Aloha Festival today from 11am-11pm!! Come check out the Simply Hawaiian!!!
Pure Aloha Festival will be from 11am-9pm today!! Its the last day for the Hawaiian festival!! Come check out Simply Hawaiian booth!!
At pure aloha festival!!!
PURE ALOHA FESTIAL FROM 11-11
Pure Aloha festival from 11am - 9pm!! Come check it out!!
Cruzin with fam bam!!
$2 Heineken & Corona bottles 24 hrs a day.
Free game at the bowling alley with movie ticket stubb
another casino
spring time at the palazzo :)
very few bars at bally's but not too pricy
hard rock
Happy bornday BABE, you old fart! Thanks to Circus Circus our stay will be comfortable, not fancy!!!
Ugh I'm in so much pain, walked the whole strip back and forth, now some shut eye!! Goodnite my friends in San Diego!!
Time for a break!!
Time for sum sleep, check out is at 11am!!
Nice room, looks better than the one we had before.
My dogs & knees are barking!! Time to lay them down to rest.
Just got up from my afternoon SUNDAY nap!! Ready to win the jackpot on the slots!!!
Check out time 11am, Vegas I'm going to miss you but not for long!!
Sleepy time...
Good-morning!!
Hahahahaha, cool casino, lots of slots!! Need to play poker!!
Checking out the garden...so beautiful!
Roaming the streets of le Paris!
This room has got me feeling "like a BOSS" yeah!! Vegas baby!!
Get some zzz's before check out @ 10 am!!
Adios Tahiti village!
Goodnight, bed is kinda stiff but ima bout to break it in!! Lol
Gambling...
Lost my I.D. the night before, security was able to find it and return it the next day! Now time to hit the poker tables!
...living it semi large lol
$3 call drinks - $2 well drinks - $1 beer available at the casino bar
I love staying here, great customer service.
Yikes
Seriously..? An hour for the bellman?
one last meal before home :( but back again in 2 weeks yay ^_^
Watching Seinfeld comedy show
Don't come here at their Buffett on holidays unless u don't mind waiting for 90 minutes
$1 beer & hot dogs!!
Life is Beautiful weekend!  Gotta love the free perks of being in the beverage world!  Come one, come all...let's show people how truly beautiful Las Vegas is!  Ticket $159 for entire weekend!
The party continues for Life is Beautiful Festival!  Red Bull concert tonight!  Thank you my Red Bull peeps!
Woohoo! I got carded! Looking young at the lobby bar! Be prepare to show id
Renovation and facelift going on...
Annual Las Vegas Epicurean Affair
Centrally located on Las Vegas Blvd.  All rooms are all newly renovated
Easy access to monorail, The Strip, and The Linq.  One of the few hotels that is kid friendly!
Great Studio suites....spacious room for hosting mini parties
Collecting winnings from the BCS game! This is what $9545 winnings looks like!!!
What a great a view from our Vdara Suite (811 sq. ft.).  Well worth the $$$
What a great way to start my marriage with a great view from a Vdara Suite (811 sq. ft.).  Well worth the $$$
Luckyrice event
Great suites and balcony view!  Great place to have an in-room bachelorette party!  Lanai suite is the way to go...sad that it's time to go home.  Definitely recommend staying longer, at least 3 days :)
Got to check out the ice rink!  Brings back childhood memories...the benefit now is I can drink while I skate! =D
Time to get ready to party & Bruno Mars tomorrow! During special events, you have to show room key to get valet or tip the valet $20 if you don't have a room key! ;)
Great place to bar hop! Chandelier, Rose.Rabbit.Lie, and Bond to see the firework! Thank you P&P!
Only here can you experience table games at $5 and beer pongs!
AVN Adult Expo...it's great being in the beverage world!
Ox tail soup!!
Ox tail soup is the bomb.
This is so fun!
Hallway smells like barf.  :(
You can hear everything from the hallway. Noisy when you're trying to sleep in your room.
Poker room is still busy at 4 am.
Getting car from valet on a Sunday afternoon...bleh!!  25 min wait
Great poker room.  11 pm tourney.
I don't think this place has been remodeled since the 70s.
Haven't been here since Prive closed.
It's an absolutely beautiful hotel.
Lots of tables.
Young, semi-loose players
Woot woot!!!
Good poker room.  Casino smells good.
Yay for comped rooms.
....shady....
Closed or condemned or something.
Too small, not enough going on.
Very big. Easy parking
Nice room. In fact, spectacular when you take Sunday night rate of only $20 into consideration.
More bad than good this time around...
Not bad, no frills, clean rooms.  Decent coffee and cookies in the lobby too :)
24 hour pool
This is where you end up when your a/c takes a crap!!!!
Coolest rooms I've seen in Vegas!!
Great pool!!!
Literally next to airport and you can hear the planes every few minutes.
Overall a very clean hotel but the hair dryer leaves something to be desired - mine didn't even heat up. Bring your own if your hair needs to be tamed.
Crazy crowded. Cars cars cars
Dranks in da aur
If you like upscale & glitter come on down
Check in n check out are in same counters ???!!!
Yay finally checking in ..!!
Yay back.. Getting at Libby Bar..my 2nd drink in 10 years.!!!
Waiting for shuttle !!! Head to airport soon
Favorite place to watch a movie
Lucky Friday the 13th
Won $350!!! Melissa won $1250 at the craps tables. Now trying our luck at bingo
Get the Poolside Punch, crazy good and the bartender is heavy with the pour
Wuste fest 2012!!!!
Vegas strEATS!
What happens in Vegas. RX7-RX8 meet
Die ANTWORD tonight!
Pizza!!!
Everyone should buy 5 dollar art from the artomatic, and enjoy the art that this place offers
Remodel is nice raised 8100  plus for aids tonight local golden rainbow
Private booth +  cocktails + dinner + TED= the best way to watch a movie! This should be fun!
.25 cent roulette!
Cheap drinks!
DO NOT GO TO CHATEAU! Garbage! Most worthless club ever created!!!!! Avoid!!!!!
Bingo night for fathers day!
Happy St. Pattys day! Best whiskey tasting event ever! Loving every minute of it!
Yappy Hour!
Sigma derby rocks! So much fun!
First time at this hotel we shall see how nice it turns out to be
This place is always bustling! Love this place only downside is the limited amounts of 1/3 PLO tables. I came at 1:00 and there was 29 people on the wait list for one table. I waited about 2 hours but it's always worth the wait.
Wait listed
PLO table just started
AniMegaCon
DTP
Where are you Steel Panther?????
First Day!!!! Eeeek!! ^_^
D2
D3
D4
It's my Friday!! ^_^
It's my Monday!! ^_^ Good Morning beautiful people!
^_^
Good Morning ^_^
Good Morning ^_^
Good Monday Morning beautiful people!! ^_^
Oooooooooo wee! Soooo busssyyyy! Lol. Morning!! ^_^
It's my Friday!! Woot Woot! ;)
Home means Nevada. Home means the hills. Home means the sage and the pines. (Continues to sing...)
Work meeting/partay!!
Don't forget Guests!! Dinner starts at 5pm and runs til 7pm.
Good Morning!!!
Tis my Friday :-)
Top of the morning to yah!
Bam Boozle!
Goooooood Morning!!
Good Meowning!!
my friday!! weeeeeeeee!!
Work!!
Bingo is quiet in the mornings!
Buffet is great!
Best hot chocolate! Order with whipped cream!
Jake's bar- Heidi makes the best drinks!
Sunday is a great day to come!
Mgm charges for parking but if you're a NV resident its free. Just flip your ID over after you insert your ticket at the gate.
NV residents always have your ID ready so when you  self park it's quick.
Can't use your cell phone at counter when placing bets. Only cash or Mandalay Bay chips.
To get a nice selfie of you and the golden dragon chandelier, go to the 2nd floor where the sky walk is.
with Kelly & Slugger at Robbers Roost hiking trail :)
No large fridge or kitchens, wifi code does not save on Apple iDevices.
Darker than most casinos
Be prepared to walk
Venue is outdoors
Level 107 lounge
Great hotel. And great friendly caring staff.  Also food in the restaurant was great
One of my favorite spots that caters to locals..
The gumbo at the Oyster Bar will make you slap yo mama..
Best sportsbook in town in my opinion because you can build points and earn free stuff with your rewards card...
If you didn't know, this is my spot..
Getting it in on the blackjack table with wifey..
Getting my blackjack on..
Super local friendly..
The best place to cash checks and sports bet for us locals...
The sportsbook gives you reward points.. Where they do that at??
Putting my bets in at the sportsbook before I catch my flight..
I feel like I was just violated by the blackjack table...
Cash check, drink beer, hit sportsbook, play blackjack... In that order..
Lil blackjack until our spots on the poker table open up...
My new favorite sports book.  Absolutely no line. I got here at 9:45 and had time to fill out 5 tickets and still get them turned in.
Cashing in my winning tickets at my new favorite sports book.
Getting my football bets in. The lines are never too long here.
$9.99 T-bone steak dinner can't be beat..
The sportsbook is off the chain on Sundays.. Come at least an hour early to get those NFL bets in..
You already know its college football betting day..
Sunday funday, gotta get those NFL bets in..
Getting my parlay cards..
Sportsbook and Asian food festival..
You already know.. Parlay ticket time..
The 1st annual Asian Food Festival was a success in my opinion
It's time to put in those NFL bets..
Making those bets
Gotta get our bets in..
Cashing in another winning ticket!!!!!
Picking up my parlay cards for the weekend...
Betting on my Cowboys!!!
They need to retire or fire some of these old broads who no longer look appealing in their revealing waitress outfits.
Making college bets and playing 3 card poker.
Getting my bets in.
Getting my college football bets in.
Damn it's packed today at the sports book. Glad I came earlier than everyone else with my ticket already filled out.
Got off early so I might as well cash this check.
You already know I'm putting them bets in.
Cashing checks and picking winners like winners do.
Putting my NFL bets in now so I don't have to wake up early.
Gotta put these bets in early since I'm leaving for the weekend.
Getting those last few college football bets in. Now its on to basketball.
Cashing checks and making bets.
Seeing Chronicle. Review coming later.
Love cashing my checks here.
Getting it in with 10's!!!!
At work getting it.
Time to make the donuts.
Work time.
10 to win.
Time to work.
Here again.
At it again.
Back again.
Let's get it.
Back at it.
Let's get it.
Back again.
Back at it again.
Time to make the donuts.
Still grinding.
And I'm out.
Back at it.
Jobs almost done.
Another day down.
Back at it again. 10 hours til my weekend starts.
Cool drinks at the Breeze Bar.
Fixing the power, making that money.
Big push to finish tonight then my weekend starts.
2 shots of whatever...
Service call.
3 hours til freedom.
Work time tired as hell.
Beer 30
I'm out.
Reluctantly here again.
Working at the pyramid...
Once again working at the pyramid.
Back at the pyramid.
On my grind..
Getting paper
Getting money
Almost done for the day..
Finishing the electric work in the new Octavius Tower.
Hard at work boyeeee.
Work time.
Back at the Palace.
Time to make the doughnuts.
Work time.
1st day back.
Getting it in.
Back at work.
Here we go Monday. Let's get it.
It's gonna be so damn hot in this tower today and the rest of the week.
Hump Day. Weeks half done.
At work already tired.
You already know. It's fuck off Friday. Freedom comes in 8 hours.
Time to get $$$$.
Time to make the donuts.
I'm riding around and getting it, it's mines I spend it.
Fuck off Friday starts in 10 minutes and will continue for 8hrs...
Happy Monday!!!
Another day in this sauna...
Been here 3 minutes and already sweating in this hotbox.
Rise and Grind, the weekend is almost here. Let's get it. Holla!!!
tgimff!!!!!
Happy Monday...
Starting sweating as soon as we got here. 45 minutes later it's even worse. We need to hook these AC's up ASAP!!!!
Getting it.
Fuck off Friday. Nooner or sooner.
Here again.
The new name is kind of weird for the strip.
Cuddle puddle time?
Get the upgraded room.
Check out Sugar Factory awesome
The suites are just slightly larger hotel rooms. The only advantage is the mini fridge.
Beautiful resort to take pictures in. Fountains, gondolas, Madame T wax creations and the ceiling at the mall.
Kid friendly, has arcade area.
first time @viva las vegas :d
Wayne Brady!!
UFC1 83
Visiting before they close tomorrow :( Gotta see a piece of history before they implode another casino.
Yelp Event, The Twofer Tour!
Pirates, please don't disappoint.
Military Monday's! If you're current or former military, grab a players card and show the proof, take it to the kiosk and Monday's has tons of specials for you? 2-for-1 buffet, drinks and more!!
The pink porsche in the Valet area belongs to Holly Madison  yep.
Nothing but problems checking in.
It's all about The Tank!
Was the best place I ever worked
Go get some Kalbi Beef Tacos (bao) at the Concert Bites station next to Center Bar! Delicious!
Beautiful and clean casino right off Fremont
My first love, Quarter Horses. At the Silver Dollar Circuit.
Perks perks perks
I love this hotel! The beds are so comfy and being right in the middle of the strip!
Do NOT valet just self park. At least until they get their stuff together. The exit was designed by a blind monkey. Who has valet and the cabs going to the same area as the self parking exiters.
Philippine Breakfast
My daughter loves the free circus shows
Penguins, pirates and 2 for 1 margaritas oooooooh my!
Nap time! Haha
Window shopping with the princess
Lauryn hill with @cheletolv
Watching the niner game :p
Time to catch some quick zzzz's before leaving for home tomorrow...
The MGM Grand is luxurious...  Loved seeing KA!
Picking up jerky & other omiyage to bring home for family and friends...(not me)
Comped rooms!
Comped room!
The nicest casino on the strip!
Yes... Comped
Comped room for the rest of  the weekend
Checking in
Party time!
A little cash game before the poker tournament at the Venetian
Las Vegas Foodie Fest!! Open bar ;p
Time to do some serious damage
Amazing!  Down to the detail
Nathan hot dog is must try
Old but quite a but cheaper,  location to price, can't be beat
Day 2. Wake up call set for 3.5 hours from now. 4 hours of sleep last night. Shoulda slept in the car instead. LOL.
Damn..I just tipped the valet 5 bucks, only to find he farted in my car.
Enjoy the taco bar next to the Lazy River
Check out the Chandelier bar.
The pool is the greatest!
Rock & Ritas Buffalo wings are bomb and service is amazingly sweet!
i like the suites :)
Great food, Live music!
Perfect location for the pricd
Great location and price
Penthouse baby!
picking up jackee! :)
Getting ready for the Jabbawockeez!
Staying here for the weekend.
Very nice!
Bowling with the cousins
Best rooms in Vegas!
It's like a maze trying to find our room
Home until Monday. Last min. Reservations.
Gamble gamble win win win!
View Bar @ Aria beautiful!
all suite rooms!
The beds are soooo comfy
I saw Ronnie from jersey shore here!!!
Buffet!!!
Bowling! It's been so long.
Jabbawockeez!
$9.99 graveyard special for oxtail soup
Bingo!!!!
Pool Time :)
Khan vs. Garcia!
Pool Time!
No longer free for locals!!  $10 for everyone. They scan hotel keys.
Watching the circus show
Nice
Hello again, Vegas
Goodbye Vegas! You've been good to me!
Wall paper hang like shower curtains around the room, too dark and dingy, best thing was the bathroom area. The upgrade from Sahara seem to be casino only. Does not live up to the SLS quality elsewhere.
I can hear the cosmo pool party bumping from my room....
If you want to play Bingo...PLAY ELECTRONIC!
Chicago concert March 10. Just bought my mom tiks.
BINGO on a Friday night while killing an hour waiting for a movie to start...
Lunch at LBS burger.
We're home!!!
First time staying here. $79/night.
Second time staying here :) Vegas baby!
Upgraded to floor 51 love the view :)
Free brunch :) Dinner was okay.
gamblin' ol' skool style
Not quite as luxurious as I expected. I've stayed at better hotels for about the same price.
Wooow, this is really fancy!
Oh I love the modern rooms and da bu~ffet!
Love this modern hotel. Service is impeccable.
Oxtail soup
Single deck $5 blackjack
Taking Koi to see the flower garden theme ..... its Chinese new years [:
Picking up big buster brother jesse ;)
Koi and mommy time
clustertruck!
lucky rice!
Love is amazing!!!!
Skyyyywalkkkkkk!!!!
:-)
Great view but older clientele lol
This hotel is beautiful. The Bella suite is just right--- 2 beds, so in case there will be a fight tonight, you don't have to be in the same bed. Lol
This place is a maze! Being directionally impaired, that is not good for me
Here to watch Beatles Love. You get 2-for-1 drinks at Revolution with your ticket, and you can bring it inside.
Oh my goodness the check-in/out line won't move!!! No express kiosks???
Timeshare!!! Oh no!!!
First time staying off the strip. This should be interesting...
yay! afan's b&w party!
Meh
Stay away!!! Looks like a 70's hotel in Las Vegas.... Oh wait, that's because it is!
Movie theater and nice room!
Spiffy
Loved this place! So clean and fancy with beautiful decor and awesome entertainment!
Looks really nice
Going to put my Money on the Chargers to go all the way.
Waiting for my peeps.
VIP @ the HOB for Pit Bull.
Metro/Alex
BO is enjoying the free continental breakfast and if he would spend a 2nd night its 40% off Sunday thru Thursday.
One bed suite is sick!
5nights $150.00 great people I am impressed.... Thank you for the experience :)
Go green you'll love it :)
Feast buffet time!
Circus circus is one big spot for families and to anyone who wants to have a fun time at (:.
The nacho quantity at Brenden theaters is massive. And the taste of the nachos are not half bad (:.
Life. N then Eclipse to see Zedd! Not bad.
Lucky I live in Vegas.  I was calling to find out hotel info for an out of town friend and it would have been quicker to just drive down there to ask the stupid question.
Movies rock!
Nice.
A favorite bingo hangout. Self-serve unlimited drinks! Can't beat it. Now I just need to hit a BINGO!!$$$$$$$$$$
Earl's
Had lots of fun
Let the new years festivities begin.
It's showtime!
Grand opening event
Watts the picks
Jets moneyline
At the sportsbook
Oxtail soup acksion!!
san gennaro feast!!
Life is good!!
Mum mum time!!
Movies! Ice skating! Cheap drinks! Love this place!
Spam musubi at lanai express. Mmm
Bring playing cards and DVDs to watch. Cards at the lodge cost a whopping $5. DVD rentals aren't that bad at only $1 but still!
Shins!
Contraband!!! This was a great movie
Had my second interview today:)
Two rooms, full kitchen. It's a mini house.
Where do you park?
Santana tonight!
Party continues in room 10557
Party up in 55001!!
Kinda old now...
Kids , kids and more kids... I wonder why
Beautiful decor and relaxing ambiance
Grand, Roman style
A must stop for a Vegas tourist!  Check out the water show fountains, and then head inside to Jean Philippe for dessert!
Great restaurants here!  Try Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast or lunch, and Gordon Ramsay Steak for dinner!
Ask for the Bellman "Shawn" so we can talk food!
The corner suites get wrap around balconies!!
Parking elevators are still broken
with the VC... I played 2-4 limit poker, grind!!!
show up...
Ordered a burger, fish and chips, and spaghetti and meatballs.
Beautiful venue. You gotta enjoy the whole venue.
Self Parking entrance is not visible on the main strip blvd..drive behind to The Hotel of Mandalay Bay parking structure .
Them steak and eggs though!
I want to say the bird exhibit is good for kids, but when I first walk out into clouds of cigarette and cigar smoke, it's a huge turn off. It's like smokers think this is designated for them. Gross. And unfair to non-smokers amd our children.
If you read the yelp reviews and give this place a shot its your bad! Spend your hard earned money elsewhere!
How the heck is this place still operating and making money? Run down ghetto dungeon like parking garage, ancient bacteria infested elevators, and crack heads playing penny machines. Seems like a great establishment to spend with the family. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!
If you are a tourist from out of town please don't make this your vacation destination. This is not that kind of place. This place is where the degenerate gamblers, prostitutes, and homeless come. If you're okay with that then you will have a wonderful time.
One of my favorites is their Prime Rib which you can add a side of breaded shrimp for $3
If you're a Palms Player, all menu items are discounted! :]
Don't even bother ! Their front desk is the worst! pft!
I consider this the best place to park, it's central to the cool hotels such as MGM, Aria, Bellagio, Excalibur, Luxor, Mandalay Bay, Paris, and Planet Hollywood.
Made it!
Don't even bother trying to get them to correct problems with anything. I'm a top tier player and you would think they want me to play but I guess the employees are just giving me a warning
So, I sit next to a guy playing and we start talking. He's saying that he's been at it for awhile and nothing. I put 20 in and start saying out loud that all I want is a bonus. Strangest thing I ever saw. A bonus triggered without the necessary requirements for one. Total machine malfunction but in the wrong way...makes me wonder.
Tip to servers...if you are gonna wait until someone is about to leave, don't try to entice a player with guesses on how they are gonna win
P.S. there's no one in the casino. The second you see someone sit down on a high limit machine, you should be ready with ten suggestions before he even sits down. What is it you actually do
Apparently their promotions for players is dropping off dramatically. I will avoid spending here until it changes
Bartender was a dick, dave Matthews was playing and its in henderson. Thats 3 strikes. Place sucks
Free picture with one MILLION dollars
Vanessa the bartender here is awesome. Friendly and personable.
Bartender tater salad is awesome.
Blonde bartender is abrasive and rude. Cheap rooms are nice. And tater salad (Guy bartender who works overnight)  is beyond awesome.
They need cup holders in the bathrooms!
Possibly my last check in here....zappos bought it.
$3 vodka red bulls!!
$3 vodka and red bull!
Le Rve was really cool. Visually stunning
Here with a few friends and I'm the designed driver. $2 mixed drinks for them but a regular coke is $2.25. What the hell? Pretty sure it should be less than a alcoholic drink or free.
There is no late night bowling here. Dont trust Google.  Itll be closed on tues night before 2am
Pony racing upstairs for quarters...awesome
First time here and it looks awesome. Green tea ice cream at red mansion is life changing. Try it!
Go wranglers
If you want to have a good time check out the Mob Bar or the Picnic.
Lonely lazy Sunday in my room.
Tomorrow is my last day here! I got a condo!!!
My home suite home for now w/ maid service this time!!  Woot!
Busy day at the Bay!
fun place, innovative food court, but 6/5 BJ is pervasive here, eat but don't play.
9/6 job video poker by registration desk - but won't accept mlife card
Great last minute deals... plus AAA card discount.
Just lucky to find something available, affordable and super last minute and on a holiday... sheesh!
Major TIP: its behind Coco's, next to Motel 6 and accross from MGM.
The 1 bedroom with smaller Kitchenette is a great room if you plan on just using Microwave for food. The mini fridge is actually bigger than what we have seen. Room has blender, toaster, coffee maker, blow dryer and a set for 4 on dishes and utensils!
Larry at front desk is the man.  Pool is 3.5ft all around in an octagon shape.  2 hot tubs to the side.  22nd floor view side room overlooks the Bellagio fountain show.  No fans in the bathroom...mold/mildew in stand in shower
Comedian Josh Wolf took about 40mins to get his show started, but the man's funny, once he's done being bitter about not selling out on a Sunday night
Veronic is an enjoyable show and talented singer.  Some suggestions: a live band would add to and complement her show.  Dancers, learn to relax your faces (stop with the duck face)
Staff is full of aloha
where the Hawaii locals like to eat and stay
Best casino for $5 blackjack hands!
Request tower by Buddha, convenient for parking garage
dunkin donuts
they have a Dunkin Donuts here
most upscale hotel downtown
lots of new slots near new Rush Tower
food court has a 24 hour McDonalds and Krispy Kreme
Love the decor, make sure to check out the esplanade
Huge beautiful fish tank
must stop at conservatory
lots of comfy chairs and tables to take break...with outlets too for laptops or cell phones!
Nathans!
convenient location, beautiful themed hotel
check out the Street of Dreams
penny megabucks!
Mirage volcano is a must see
Beautiful scenery
smells like coconut in here
make sure to check out the lion habitat
Convenient  location
make sure to look for the criss angel card in the glass at the entrance!
be prepared to do a lot of walking
a lot bigger than it looks
love that it's connected to the Forum
connected to forum shops
the rooms are dark and spacious
Great location connected to Miracle mile shops
Very pretty addition to Wynn, decor is very red!
watch the water fountain in the front, especially at night with the different light colors and bouncing water
Very pretty nongaming hotel
Very classy and spacious hotel
Walk around the hotel to see us marvelous architecture and random large heels!
Watching the Zumanity show with my sis and bff Anjelica kenerly!
Movie hoppin!
Eating then watching a movie.
Finished watchin captain america. Good movie ;p
Lunch then movie time! Apollo
Eating and watching Wrath of the Titans. :0)
Avengers ;)
Dj pauly d spinning tonite. Time to beat that beat up
Comped drinks at the bar. Doesn't get any better!
Party rock Monday!
Slumming :)
Bbw fest!
Bbw fan fest pt.2!
Had a great night! Love the Godzilla machines!
Came to get my Adele ticket after they said I could and now wirhout motice they changed it will call only! NO BUENO Cosmo!!!
With Rose waiting for Adele!!
With my nepher drankin!!!
Bringing lunch to my amigo!
So nice I had to stay here twice. Yup! I love this hotel!
Free donuts at 9 am bingo!
Wheel of fortune baby!! Spin that wheel!
Wheel of fortune baby
Feast buffet breakfast :-)
Dont ask for a strip view room, they are noisy :(
Worst customer service on the strip!!!!
Our first time here! Got the refurbished room on the first floor! Great and helpful service from the front desk! Away from the strip, chaos and smoke!
Walking Saint Marcus square!
Beautiful hotel. Hip and futuristic!
If you sign up for the casino card you'll get a discount.
Free hotel parking is across the street.
I just checked n today. I will update my review later.  So far so gud
Be prepared to enjoy urself
Parking is very limited
Need more than 1 person working the check-in counter
Wifi free for two.
A-cups on a 78 lb frame doesn't make you busty.
I may have lost 80 bucks down town, the won 70 back..... But I just found a dollar on the floor in front of the harras. Take that Vegas
Ufc 126 for free
Crack a window in this bitch, it's pretty damn hot in here.
We're the best 3 friends that anyone can have.
Dinner time dog
We're heading to the roof for jger bombs & roofies, come along!!!!
Poker tourney time
Lost 50 bucks & my buzz, let see if I cab get it back here.
I wish Glade sold "Casino Scent" air fresheners. Then my house could smell like stale smoke and beer vomit all day long.
Zuffa holiday party. Good food great company! Happy Holidays
Wooligans will take you back to the old country with live Irish music and dancing
For all the owners that haven't been here since last year, they did away with the shuttle to the strip!!!
some magical fountains or some shit.
$3 car bombs, not bad.
Parking is the worst. This hotel needs to manage cabs better
Coolest hotel on The Strip. Beautiful people, fair prices.
Still the best place on the Strip.
Artisan group strikes again. Very contemporary and very cool.
Very cool, just across the street from Hard Rock. Also, I'm pretty sure that this is the same group that created Artisan.
Mr. Lucky's is reasonably priced, food is pretty good, portions are huge.
My favorite staycation. I love staying in the Sky Suites, lounging by the pool and the amazing spa. I want to move in here!
This hotel is beautiful. Love the ambience and the decor. Most importantly, it is clean and the staff is friendly!
Winner winner chicken dinner!
With my sis, bro and Carlos!
Rooms smelled like butt when we first came in. Seriously.
Comp rooms are the best!!!
Found someone's used needle in my room this past weekend.
Found a used needle in our room. Old and outdated. Housecleaning does not clean well.
Comp rooms are the best!
A quick walk to the Venetian and the Palazzo from Harrahs!
Winning toys at the midway!
You can't beat $1 blackjack and other gaming specials.
Mike Ferry Superstar Retreat
Deep soaking tubs in the bathrooms.
Largest hand strung chandelier in the world and there's a 3 level bar within it.
Previously the Imperial Palace and looking forward to the new renovations!
$1 beers
It's amazing here!!! Best drink prices on the Strip!!!
Sports bar is freshly remodeled , nice big couches to relax and enjoy a cocktail .
They have real life Flamingos here!!!!!
Limited time,earn 300 points and receive a free gift
Baby Cakes their bakery here has CRONUTS!!!!!!!!!  $3.50
Complimentary breakfast from 6 AM to 10 AM! Free cookies in the lobby daily too!
Great sports book!
I hate you!
Omelet, hash brown, and bacon is the way to go! Sit at closed bar if you can't find an open table.
Complimentary yoga classes - one at 8:30am and another at 11:30am.
Classy :)
Some tasty local music
No locals discount at buffets on christmas...nice...
Andrew dice clay...
great comps!
Woohoo kahunaville!
Rudest bartenders ever....except the ones working the pool bar...
Grab a beer and enjoy the view.
Just barely left Blackhat at Cesar's Palace to see my first show of this week: Eddie Griffin at the Rio. Eddie's here Mondays, Tuesdays, and Wednesdays at 19:00.
Stayed for a week at the Venetian in one of their Piazza Suites. I managed to get the room about 1/2 off; these suites are really, really nice. It's time to go back home now. :'-(
Blackhat is at an end; Defcon is starting.
Channel 31 on the room TV is a live stream of the Sky Jump from 10am-1am.
Awesome view of The High Roller from the top level of the self parking garage!
A quickie
Love this hotel! My new fave LV hotel
Seafood buffet for $19.99 Wow thats not bad!
Waiting for my man to get off of work.... :)
I love this hotel......brings back so many good memories!!!!!
Can somebody make this bingo attendant shut up. She is giving me a headache that she talks so unnecessarily loud and never stops talking. How is this possible. So unprofessional and obnoxious. I will not come back to this bingo hall. Came to relax and play bingo. Now I got a he ache and all I got is her voice echoing in my head.
Let's try the $9.99 buffet.
Nice, clean place to stay if you have a time share and don't plan on spending much time in the room. Basic amenities are nice: 24 hr pool and hot tub; jacuzzi tub for one in studio room; microwave, small fridge, utensils, dishes, the works. Washer/dryer on premise. People there are lovely esp Angela who took excellent care of my brother.
If you have kids, this IS the place for them to have a great time. Ages 2-13yrs should have some fun........maybe older depending on your kid. Mine are teens 15-18 and they had a blast!
Park in the free parking structure.
Use a hot spot if you have one; the wifi is like dial up!
You have to take out your own trash :(
Great to come in and crawl into bed after a few hours walking on the strip in this heat!
Fun place to visit!
Gotta visit the Michael Jackson theater even if you don't see the show. They have his songs written in gold in the walls! So fab! So Mike!
Very nice and clean; prt balcony and great space. So far so good. If all continues well, I think I've found my new Vegas spot!
Great place to walk thru but the rooms are so plain it wasn't worth staying here.
Fun place :)  the buffet was tasty mainly cause it was free with a timeshare presentation. The regular orice is $29 pp; wouldn't pay that for this place but beggars can't be choosers!
Gotta be Makin that dolla dolla bill y'all to stay here!
You gotta see the shoe!
Local chill spot :)
At the arcades for the kids. Testosterone kicks in when trying to win something for them... Oye!
3.99 steak n eggs!!!!
$3.99 steak n eggs. Nuff said!
Checking in!
Checking in for the fambam
Thanks for the complimentary upgrade! Hello Palace Tower =)
CITY CORNER SUITE! Holy shit this place is beautiful. 800sq feet, 270degree view, top of the line appliances.... I want one. Now.
Buffet time!
Big money big money!
We made it!
So clean, spacious, and friendly staff!
Awesome hotel! Modern and chic.
Just having lunch buffet with a good friend of mines & Justins playmate.
Love to play bingo here. I play the old fashioned way with the paper & dauber because I want to be involved while they call the balls.
Oxtail!
Wheel of fortune by the bathroom... $5 to $21 in five spins. Lol.
$20 taxi ride from airport to south entrance Wynn
Lets see if Nick Cannon is entertaining enough for $7.50 a ticket.
Learning about Devlins.
Hope Ball for the Poor. I'm working spot light! I got promoted! What!?
Got my free appetizer! Thanks Yelp and HOB!
Weezer + Beer = Deanna's Birthday! (Sorry Dee! We suck!) = Yard House + Change up!
Peace and quiet.
Corner suites are the best!
Movies...Fast Five! Wooohooo heard its a great movie!
Love this place...great staycation spot...going to the pool...:)
Staycation time!!
Food is amazing !
Staycations....gotta love'em!!
A day at the spa...just what I needed..
La Scena lounge
Great Food & a Nice View
Finally.
Shopping. The structure is ridicules, should just do valet.
With the birthday boy and his entourage.
Finally. Let's do this
VEGAS!!!!
Gamble or work? Jk!
Annnnnd we're here!!! Vegaaaas!
$5.99 Prime Rib!
Gonna watch the Jabbawockees
Getting this feeling out of my system...
we outcheya! $61 for two nights!
Not getting a sig on my beep. Must not be the real Caesar's Palace.
Swimming. No sleep. Haha
Checkout.
vanity.
Check out the slide at the pool!
Learning the business
Wings!!! Gym and beer pong fix!!!
Winning ,,,not
Best spot in Vegas!
Nice party feeling of being here...  Just make u wannna spend money on everthing
Ready to party n check the weather!
Oh yeah
Tip the Bellman and the valet!!
Work. Fuck.
My 2nd home. Nice rooms, slot machines, & table games. And a good buffet
My 2nd Home. With my Ehu Girl :p
Last day
Used to be my childhood spot to hit up whenever my family came here. But now it's just burnt up with uhh you know -_- so sad now
Nice decor. Love it
Must watch that fountain show whenever you're here. Casino is dope as well
Decor is dope. Gotta love Tao
Criss Angel needs to levitate me ha
A lot of things to do here besides gamble. Lounges, restaurants, & the Forum Shops is a dope place to look around
Good place for the young folks
Earl Of Sandwich & Fat Tuesday bound ;p
Good Vibes all around
Pool day!
Buzzing with energy for the Mayweather vs. Cotto fight!!
Indoor pool closes at 11p
Really hard to find! You can't see the sign from Tropicana Ave. From the strip, turn Right into the driveway before the America's Best Value Inn/Coco's Restaurant. It's their first week in business!
President Obama stayed here...last night!!
Bouganvillea Cafe is the late not spot. Graveyard specials are the best.
Coranado Cafe late at night has the best deals!
Rollercoaster Time!!
Friends With Benefits!
STP concert @ the Pearl
Not as fancy as any of its Strip Hotel counterparts but great for people on a budget who need a good place to rest after a long touring day
Ha...I guess theres one more reason why this hotel gives out good deals...when it rains, there's flash flood & hotel guests get stranded!lol
BEAUTIFUL SUITE!!!! The room had a super comfy bed, 3 flat screen televisions, stand up shower, bathtub, and the quickest valet service.
Las Vegas comedy show w/ Joe Lowers, very funny stuff
Great comedy show, w/ Joe lowers tues-sat9pm.  Local specials.  Hecka funny!!!
Las vegas comedy show w/ Joe lowers, tues-sun
Primerib w/ shrimp special w/ a.c.e card
Shiny!!
Time to eat at Red 8 then slot machine fun!
Big arena watching UFC 160. Comfy seats, nice view!
Dolce & gabbana I love!!!
Cool older hotel down south. Fun penny slots and a cool comedy show!
Beautiful chandeliers, chandelier bar with great chocolate martinis.
Nice fun atmosphere!!
Wish me luck!
I miss Hotel San Remo.  Had the best $5 steak - night owl specials!!!
Don't use 1st Stewart entrance to parking garage - it's gonna be a far walk to the casino.
Check out Du-Par's!!!
OxTail after 2300!!!
ox tail!!! #ftw
Ox Tail after 2300!!!
Seafood Buffet!!!
Nice weight to their chips...  Especially the black ones!
24hr Earl of Sandwich here!!!
Restaurant Row has better choices than Palazzo
There is a laundry room by the pool if you didn't book a suite.
Heated pool open 0800-2000.
Check out at 1000.
Spa on 1st floor.
Handi-capable parking on 3rd floor.
Spice Market Buffet
Guest elevators between La Fortuna & Juice Bar.
Park closer to entry marked Casino to be closer to guest towers.
Bedside clock has charger dock for 4s iPhones.  Convenient for my skonker.
Connected to Venetian through Restaurant Row.
Private Express elevator - 1st elevator bay to left.
Yay Grazie card!!!  Let's burn these comps to get more comps!!!  Hello Sam!
Laguna Champagne Bar near mall entrance.
Guest elevators take you to Canal shops.
Check-In is always a little slow.  Hurry up!!!  We're getting haaaaangry!!!
Checking out...  Studio B!
Stroller Peeps -  Elevators are closer to Chandelier side.
Washer/dryer unit not so good.  Be wary of previous guests clothing left inside.  Try to ignore the mildewy smell.
Previously the LV Hotel.  Previously the LV Hilton.
Complimentary valet is awesome.  Just don't forget to tip!
You hear that windy sound?  Grab a towel and shove it in that 1/4" gap under your front door.  Yup!  Problem solved.
The bartenders know how to hook it up. :)
I like no matter what time of the day it is, you can always enjoy yourself here. :)
We had reserve a king bed but when we arrived they gave us 2 twin beds. We arrived late around 11 pm check in was at 3 pm. So they have us our room number.. Couldn't even find it!!! They don't have room number direction so it was confusing!! The hallways smelled like weed, it was noisy and lastly they need to remodel this place or something!! I wanted to blow dry my hair, turned on the blow dryer... And it sparked!!! Shoot I got scared so we left asap. Will never come back here again... Never
Lounge area, good drinks very cozy atmosphere
Buffet before the flight home!!!
Valet parking $13 + Self parking $8 = RIP OFF!!!  Any purchases must be charged to room or credit card.   Internal market is pretty expensive. $13 for. 6 pack of bottles beer. $6 for a pint of ice cream. $4 for ice cream bar. $2 for microwave popcorn.
Bring your own soap, shampoo and conditioner, and cookery utensils [They Kithenettes in the rooms].
The LightRail is across the way and accessible if you're wanting to use public transportation - great way to visit Tempe and Downtown Phoenix
Woohoo! Made it here in one piece with sanity slightly still intact.
Ooh, I love an almost penthpuse view. ;) lol
Watchin' Jersey Boys for the 3rd time. ;)
Watchin' Jersey Boys for the 3rd time. ;)
Can't come to Vegas without seeing Elvis! ;)
haven't been in the place since I was a kid. It's really rundown But it looks like they are fixing up their pool area
Having cocktails @ Chateau in the F'in sun in LEATHER!  WooHoo
The buffet is a good one.
We have the best e d r of all the hotels. Est is employee dinning room. Amen
Ghost Adventures stayed here.
we stop, sometimes, on the way to the lake. lunch and a beer.
searchin for drinks
jackie gaughan had been a friend of our family for decades and will be missed. a top notch fella! his son, micheal, is just as genuine and kind. i will always miss the barbary coast and the victorian room. as for the rest of the properties? they have always taken pretty good care of us locals. i'll miss the gold coast car shows, but the orleans has been a fabulous host to the rockabillies and the burlesque community. many thank yous to the gaughan's and the coasts!
it's been a while
Restraunt is delicious and lil piano bar great for comfty late night cocktails
Place is small and intimate.  Cute pool area. Nice buffet. Love the sour dough cafe here and at boulder location!
Yappy Happy Hour is the 3rd Thursday of every month.  It cost s 10 bucks to get in but you get a ticket for a free beer or house wine.  The money goes to support the animal foundation and you can bring your dog to come and hang out for happy hour!  Supper fun!
The d had a make over,  drinks are reasonable priced,  d, grill, had good food and reasonably priced.  If you are staying here and have any one with you under 21 they will be harassed at every opportunity
Brews Best Festival!
Closed for maintenance until mid February.
Showtime - every hour on the hour from 5pm- 11pm.
Elite hour at Jose Andres.
Yelp Spring Break- free premium drink at longbar w/ your yelp passport.
Great room, good food, nice pool.
Going to see Bare Naked Ladies tonight!!
My favorite palace in Vegas!
Crown loft is a huge, 2-level suite w/jacuzzi tub, mock fireplace, & 2 bathrooms. Super nice!
Wedding bells
Pitbull in concert
Roulette for 300$ win !!
Nicest cleanest bathrooms downtown
All suites hotel
Pretty good gym here!
Coolin
I'm going in (Lil Wayne Voice)
I'm going in (Lil Wayne voice)
I'm going in (Wayne voice)
I'm going in, (Wayne voice) lol..
Going in, (Wayne voice) lol..
dolla dolla dolla bills yall..
Friday :]
#hustlehustlehustleHARD.
I'm on that #Nodaysoffshit.
F-ck! back to work... I'm on that, #Nodaysoffshit right now.
#Nodaysoff
#Grinding on Turkey Day #Thanksgiving
Still at work.. #Grind
Shorten day..  (: then I'm out this piece!
Back in this bitch again!
Grinding! (Pharrell voice)
3 and 1/2 hours with rain and 2 stops !! Yay to Palms!
Guess who's back, back again! Dizzie's back.. Tell a friend ;)
Meeting up with Mister Shifty & Suicide to mash some tables!
They really need free wifi here.
Obama is here!!! Crowded and blocked..... Sigh.. Valet only accepting Seven Stars members! :/
Easier money. Softer game... Lot of partying drunk players :D
WCT - restricted event ... Good luck everyone!
WCT - restricted event... good luck everyone!!
Back to the grind since I lost a few hundo on BJ/PaiGow - luckily I'm still up a few still in poker!
Jean Robert Bellande is here in the Ivey Room.... :) they should be starting a game soon... I'm gonna play cash games for now :D
Get the watermelon juice!
With the overnight degens like me! ;))
Ahhhhh it's soo nice!!!!!
Going to the oldest hotel in Las Vegas. Opened in 1906!!!
Quick shower and charge phone.
:)
Gonna call it a night. Back to Hawaii tomorrow! :)
Gonna go see KA
Thirsty!!!
Omg the jack and coke only $3 I'm chocolate wasted !!!!!!!
Lusk be a lady tonight !!!!!
We doing it big !!
It begins !!
It's raining cates And dogs
Very cold !!!
Good music Glamor and music !!
Moving along pretty Fast !!!
Everything from A to Z
Steak n eggs b4 I sleep.
Family time is always the best time
My son just won a car!!!   AUDI a4
Dirty parking lot and elevators. The rooms and restaurants must be too. We did not stay.
Love this place!  Clean. Safe.
5 STARS!!! Nice and clean. One bedroom suite!  Huge!  Just like a Condo!  Pools!!  Hot tubs!!  Pool table!  Ping pong! Sauna! Right by monorail!  Check in was no wait and quick!
Kind of smokey
Someone was stabbed there last night. That lead to a brawl between 20-30 people. The security is obviously not adequate.  No thanks!
Cheap, satisfactory rooms on The Strip. Not the place to stay if you're looking for luxury accommodations.
$1 blackjack tables. On The Strip. Very cool for us gambling newbies.
Blackjack and a chocolate shake
Huge rooms, the best room service in all of Vegas, and modern/cosmopolitan motif. Love this place
Insomnia leads me here for some roulette and absinthe
The shrimp cocktail is more like 3 dollars but the dancing dealers are very cute!
Soaps smell great
Back at the hotel in one piece.. Gnyt! Waking up in 3hrs.. I hope...
Let's get this started party!
Love going here. I always go to Aloha Special their food is awesome.
Very nice casino. This place is more relax.
Palms casino is the best. It's near the Las Vegas Strip.
Their fountain show is amazing and the display of different season is great.
Very cool casino. The roller coaster is fun and the arcade is cool. Don't forget to check out the Coyote Ugly bar it's awesome.
Very nice casino. Great lion habitat to see at the casino.
I love Red Rock Casino. Love going here to watch movie or playing bingo.
Love going to Red Rock casino. Best off the strip casino.
This casino is great and everything else too.
The Mircale Mall shop is very nice and the Pleasure Pit are awesome and the dealers are very beautiful.
Very nice casino and the stores are great.
Very nice casino.
Love going here and their pools are awesome.
Very cool hotel and pool
Don't waste your money here.
The ATM eats cards here, watch out
Saw million dollar quartet
Deceitful casino. They have this sign in one of the entrances saying that weapons are not allowed in the casino according to NRS 207.200, these guys are idiots. This law doesn't say ANYTHING at all about weapons. NRS 207.200 is a trespass law and says NOTHING about weapons.
The employees at the Westgate kiosk in the Planet Hollywood at the mall next to Cabo wabo are extremely rude and unprofessional. The fat guy was talking on his phone on the job and refused to help me because he was on his phone and the ugly old woman basically just told me to fuck off when I was asking for some assistance.
Oxtail soup time with the Maui posse.
At the IBB with Denny the Dog, the best bartender and handicapper in Vegas
Notice what I put as the price range!
They have a number of theme rooms which are fun. The rooms aren't huge, exceot for the Hollywood Room, which is VERY big. The cave room is tiny for $130 a night, but it does include a nice breakfast at the diner across the street. The cave room could use improvement, such as having a place to hang clothes. Yep, there is no closet, nor is there even a pole on which to hang clothes, so they obviously have no reason to provide hangers.  On the other hand, there IS a fridge and microwave.
They have really good prices today its prime rib and crab
Come for the games
This is a beautiful hotel.
Making wishes in the fountain lol
Second week after grand opening --- elevator packed full of people gets stuck in parking garage ! Nightmare.
2 for 1 buffet with coupon ($11 total) best deal in town!
4 hrs parking w/ validation.
Douche central
What am I doing here...
People in the hotel are interesting haha!
Valet always sucks a fatty at the palms.
Last day to gamble! Better rub the Buddha for good luck!
Checking grandpa in..
Gambling...
One of my gave hotels...
Gambling
Checking in...
Late dinner!
So far enjoying our stay..
Back to the room
Back to our hotel
Checking out
Gambling
Checking in!
Leaving :(
Hotel hopping
Hotel hopping
Checking it out! My first time here..
Made it.   Now the key is not to get lost..
Last day of the conference.   Boo!
Checking out the Elvis show...got a great deal thru my friend the savvy internet shopper....
Late nite gambling...
I'm so not uses to smell of cigarets. Even tho it's none smoking lobby I'm still smell it.
Hold em tournament
Water show
Trying luck at where the local Hawaiians say it's good.
Day1
Day 2!
Roulette!
Getting the grand tour!
Playboy
Checked in...time to rest then party!
Finally home...very eventful day
Checked in
I'm here for the parking and that's it.
Ghetto
Back at my favorite budget hotel.
Go to the Alligator Bar.  Roosevelt is one hell of an awesome bartender!
First time here and they put me on a high floor with a view of the rising sun.  Sweet!
Buh-bye
Seafood buffet.
*yawn!*
chandelier bar.
Voodoo Steak House yummy
Check in & they are off!!!!
Ownership has its privileges
Coloring Easter eggs
Do I stay or do I go?
Peepshow
Peep show wow
Getting my bingo on with my mom and papa
Bad bad BAD fish and Chips at the sourdough cafe
Checking it out
Losing $$$$
My favorite spot!!! Hhhaaaa....
Like I said before Its my Second HOME!
My Favorite Spot!!!
Today is gonna be better than yesterday!
Loved the penthouse suites. Well done. Kitchen was fab to have.  Great jacuzzi in the room. Lovely until I had some items stolen by housekeeping. Filed a report but no response from the security manager. Still waiting...
Good place to gamble!
Love to gamble here! !!
Dragon game is awesome!!!
Snake in conservatory not that impressive :-(
Love to play the treasure chest poker here!!
Of the many times we visited Vegas my wife and I have never stayed here at the California Hotel  only because it's like you never left Hawaii because of the large percentage of Hawaii residents here. We normally book our stays on the strip at the Wynn or @ Golden Nugget downtown. But we really enjoy gambling here with family and friends.
Something that I never did on previous trips...till now ... Hit 2000 on the wheel of fortune!
We love staying here even though not for this trip.
One of the older places. Use to be a popular celebrity hangout.
Exploring Vegas away from the strip
More shopping.....glad it's indoors and with AC....100* plus outside!!!
The management here is wonderful!
Rosie at the Piazza Grille does not know any of the menu items
This hotel is filthy and already falling apart. They clearly did not put enough money into the remodel.
Love the view from the 34th floor!
Beautiful fireworks show!  Happy 4th!
Beautiful rooms with 10 foot floor to ceiling windows!
Nice clean poker room, lots of tables.
Just fo' auntie Nadine.....boodah man back on da original spot, but lobby under renovation.
Getting housekeeping to come to the room was pretty much impossible.  Several calls,  but they never showed. Thankfully it wasn't an emergency...
We have arrived
Upgrade to the Resorts Club. It's worth it!
Checkin in
I love this place!
Pool time.
Casino hop
Secret pizza place
Its my dirty 30 hit me if you're on the strip
Comme ca wish fabi ws here
Pool party right now til 10 always free
Another awesome pool party! first day of summer where your swim gear at ? Look for me im buying drinks for first timers.
Windsor drive tonight live band free cool a/c and drinks in the den
Pool parties 3 dollar mix drinks all weekend police cover band tonight
Free show at pool now stone foxes . Rocket after in den with DJ Earwaxxxxx
The Pool is waiting for you
Pool day with kids
3 dollar drinks vodka rum whiskey tequila and beers   Sean Heyl and DJ Earwaxxx Rocket tonight
Adult swim pool party tonight  with DJ Teenwolf and Bad Beat 3 $ drinks and Hookahs by the pool
The Get back happening now with John Doe and friends funky soul and cheap drinks
Zombie punch with sailor jerrys
Free pool party Adult swim djs at the pool 3$ mixed drinks 3$ beers
Xoch playing now
Jazz tonight 9pm 3 buck drinks
Happy hour 3 $ drinks
The bar is great car show tonight
Rocket tonight with earwaxxx and rusty maples
Another great nite at the bar
@pool Honey Dip tonight 7pm pool 3$  mixed drinks 3$ beers Honey pot in den @ 10
Great show coming up at 10 tonight
Return of Sunday Sermon
Lbs makes the delicious burgers kitchen open 12 to 8
Jazz night @ 9 come be sophisticated
Pooool
Free show tonight at 9 Jesse M
4$ drinks great music tonight
Live music Xoch tonight during happy hour come chill
Pool day you know want to jump in 702 style
Great times
Yelpers fashionistas people pregaming for da club
Friday night come start it at the royal
Sailor jerrys in the house jacksons about to rock the den
Moombahton today
Live music Sean Heyl Red Eye Radio DJ Lady Fingers with the fashion of Flock Flock Flock
Happy hour # 3 drinks
Local 107.9 5th Bday at pool now in the Den tonight
107.9 local show
Sunday sermon 50 cent beers til 930
Live music Ok sweetheart later sean heyl right now
Nerdy dancin now
Dixie Evans burlesque Bday
The barrymore is open and theres no wait, this wont last
ATR Tonight another free show @royalhouselv 630-1030
Brewfest now beeer
Sean Heyl Charlie Darker Wallpaper performing tonight
Karoke with Host Ryan Pardey
Karaaaaaaoke nite
Now 10 beers on tap
Chillin again
Sounds by Sean Heyl and Glen A D  on bongos comedy going on upstairs
Karaoke with Ryan Pardey right now
Thursday jazz night with some playoff baseball
Slim jim bloody mary old school maine eeggs benedict
Run run run  plus open sailor bar 9-10
Karaoke beer and whiskey
Speakeasy night jazz film and whiskey
Rusty Maples and Halloween Town
Tenderbox from Columbia V for Volume from LA  free music great drinks
I feel better about drinking here than anywhere else
Live music and open sailor bar
Live music and karaoke after
Free live music til 10 costume dance party after in the den
Royal Horror party
Hallweeezer
Dia de los muertos fiesta prizes drinks cupcakes rock that rose
Free live music Jessica Childress Trio
Free live music Jack n white @ 8 then tino and BePM house party @ 11 3 $ drinks
Tstmrkt performance about to began freeee come have some fun
Royal house is gonna be fun tonight 5150 rocking the Den
Royal karaoke good times
Squash curry booyah
Free live music same sex mary and lemuria
#Freelivemusic
#Speakeasynight
#freelivemusic right now anhry cloud dusty sunshine 2$ drafts
Karaoke night come some xmas tunes
Absoludichristmas
Karaoke tonight come down I'll buy you a drink
#freelivemusic minor suns most thieves
#Freelivemusic
#cea best place for a drink after day 1
Beer thirty 16 on tap
#sundaysermon
Superbowl watching in the den
Waynes birthday bash
#Freelivemusic dranks
Sermon #freelivemusic
Pastel project day 2
Jennifer Keith and Royal Crown Revue blessing The Den tonight
Chillin
#freelivemusic #rustymaples
#freelivemusic Girl In a coma Von Kin marqueez
Raw Artist
Who needs a pint 16 on draft
#freelivemusic
Dj LarryBird and Glen AD #freelivemusic
Freelivemusic
Black camaro #freelivemusic
Lemondrop martini
Im still awake!
Straciatella Gelato!
Giants and shots!
Wil's 30th bday weekend at the Cosmopolitan!
Bright Eyes
Books & Stage watching lady dottie tear it up :)
Holsteins
Hunny Dip
Kompute djs and Zappos party going off!
Drinks at a pretty bar.
Yelp mixer at the Royal.
Fun times!
Magic Events and Red Eye Radio!
Bands upon bands!
Hanging out waiting for the Nerdy Dancing Yelp event. Looks like fun!!
Neon Reverb
Brew Fest, come on down!!
Dusty Sunshine
Rusty Maples
Karaoke Tuesday
Its my birthday edition!!
Party ya'll
Karaoke time!
Best place for drinks in LV, bombs and cosmos
Karaoke
Ladies night
Big New Year's Bash
French 75
Chillin
Sailor-tini
No free wi fi other than that place seems cool
Eclectic place not sure if all the options offered work together
Room 423 is quite nice, spacious
First day you should get a welcome tea. I didn't get mine and had to complain 2nd day! Still waiting for it and it's been 2 hrs
Ice machine located on 72nd level, with the hot tea and bottled water
Awesome rooms! Masquerade tower suites with amazing views..it's twice the size of my apartment!! A big plus is, it has 2 bathrooms..!!! Just what us girls need!! Not bad for one night stay
Huge rooms in the Masquerade tower suites. Amazing views from the panoramic windows..decor can use updating.. Not bad for one night stay upgrade!!
Amazing rooms..huge, clean & great customer service :)
Best cocktail waitress on the casino floors. Fast, polite and well mixed cocktails
Huge whirlpool bath, two showers! Tower 2 suites--even numbers--faces wet Republic but if your balcony window is closed it's  pretty quiet.
Actually nicer than the mgm suites (older tower)
Never knew there was a  nicer part of palms. Palms Place is nice upgrade..nice and less chaotic. LinkedIn Conference going on now..
Looks amazing on the exterior and the lobby but the rooms are pretty drab
Pretty good buffet..and im not a buffet person!! Unlimited champagne, wine& beer. Mmm they have a great dessert bar w gelato! Mmm fatty
Decent hotel. Some staff is really friendly, other staff shouldn't be working with people.   Hotel alarm went off at about 8 am for over 15 mins with no explanation. Because I have my baby with me, I couldn't take the chance of waiting and had to pack up all our stuff and head for the elevators along with plenty of other guests who didn't bother to wait for check out. Doors by the elevators were automatically locking, making it even harder to leave.
Booom!!!
Great Denny's... Good for Late Night Eats after the club!
Slots!
Yeaaaa buddy!
Round 2
I'm baaaaack
Just checked in.
Sports book.
Go to the Oyster Bar for their amazing pan roast!
Oyster bar me please
Staying in a newly remodeled room...wth I can hear my neighbors talking (normal pitch, no screeching)?  No sound proofing at all?!?  Booooo!
We love Sex In The City slots!!!
This place is horrid! Two Queens we reserved isn't available & remote lights didn't turn on! In the dark for 10 min!
@ Asian Chamber of Commerce luncheon
Long corridor in main tower.
Sweetest hotel
Dafuq is this place lol
Baller
Yay
My home for the weekend
Love this place! Free wifi for hotel guests
Careful !  They tack on an extra $17 per night for a bogus "service fee"
AMVIV take over
#amviv!
Not worth the cost
I have Free rooms here not too bad...
Really nice rooms and cheap. Just off the strip!
The best soup in town
Locals only hotel..
The good ole Vegas fun for all ages.
Live n the life at this place the young and hip
Great hotel waiting for buffet wow!
Very nice hotel great for the money but the wait for the elevators is a bit long.
Yeah yeah! The westgate is a nice place to stay.
Cheap hotel. Nicer than expected interior.
Oyster bar!!!
Finally here! Grrr stupid airport!
Poolside
Here with Costco size bottles of liquor. Bring it!
Ready to partyyyy
Lounging at the pool, bitches!!
You get what you pay for but for this place, do your homework.
What a dump......dont stay here!
The palace station isn't quite a palace but it's ok
Circle bar!!
I could be #1 on yelp if I check in to every cab stand. Lol.
Where else would I be headed out and about.
Flying by at work. In cab stand.
Next cab stand.
Playing hide n seek.
Cab stand.
Just dropping by
Boom. Here now. Lol.
Cab stand
Nothing special here...Except for my youth.
kinda far from the strip
oh yes
hmm
Lunchh
Yay! We are here!
Weeee!
love the interior
hehe
Finally here
digesting food time
hehe
yay
I forgot lol. Finally checking in!!!!!!!! Hello Vegas!!!!
Next door quickie
oh YEAH!
Buffet...
can't beat the !6.99 lunch deal...
it's just not the same as our WorldMark :(
Haunted Vegas Tours
Greg London: "Impressions That Rock!"
DIVAS
Vinnie Favorito comedy show (free tix)
waiting in line for closed circuit telecast...
here... and there's a line already :(
I've got money on you, Pacquiao... please win :)
poolside...
checking in...  3 days :-)
checked in... yay!
Recycled Percussion
Oyster Bar is 24 hours! !!! Yeah Boiiii!
The stories these rooms could tell.
Eating steak and playing keno
Undergoing construction so kind of missing stuff.
Chilly for a march bring a sweater
Deep down in the casino is the arcade. Once you find it there goes the money. Just like the arcade down stairs except sometimes a good return.
Notes for review -Dirty bathroom
At ocean one bar and grill. Tonight I had a chicken sandwich with BACON! It was good for $30
All this room and we are waiting in line. :-(
ufc fight on sat.
Punk Rock Bowling Weekend!!
Making the rounds for Punk Rock Bowling!
My Superbowl weekend starts now!!
The start of a all new Punk Rock Bowling Weekend!!!
Super Bowl XLVI!!
Hank3 Again!!!
Playing Keno drinking White Russians warming up for the night ahead of me!!
Heated pools.
Jacuzzi's stay open very late. 24hrs almost.
Full Kitchen comes in handy.
Cool looking bars.
Casino is a big party. They make you feel you have to party like a Rock Star.
Here to watch UFC 146, bartender in here is awesome. She remembers us from the last fight. $2 151 drinks
Don't stay here.
Enter from Kmart parking lot...
Won 3$ now off to red and white party
keeping a promise
First stop on secret journey
First time off strip. Kinda far
They cancelled bingo today
Great shopping here and awesome rooms
Great food !! Love the burgers!! Omletts are my fave here
I love the panoramic view in my 1 bed room suite!!
Nice affordable rooms with a great view
I love the panoramic view in my 1 bed room suite!!
Nap time on my comfy bed
Room rates are very reasonable
The rooms are comfy
Get here early!!
Great deal for $5. Before SEMA. All you can eat.  Im stuffed.
Build the Rancheria
Old school
Can't go wrong with 4 of a kind
I'm a regular
Yeah I'm a regular
Bingo! As in tournament Bingo!
Feels like Caesars Palace compared to Wild Wild West
The security guard named "Tiny" weighs 470 lbs. Do not fuck with him.
Internet kiosk is located in the rear by the casino/garage entrance
$1 michelobs 24/7. What else do you need?
All the feel of Atlantic City without the waterfront
Ghetto! Damn you football contest!!
Cheap drinks, live music. Great venue!
Really stepped their game up the past few years. Great place to cash checks.
Finale time!
EZ Baccarat available!
$17 on top of hotel room rate for a "nicer"  room?! Pfffbt! Forget you!
Family friendly casino 20 minutes away from the strip with arcades,bowling,cheap buffet, animatronc wilderness indoors & movie theater. Great place if you insist on going to Vegas with the kids but want to take the "Sin" out of the City :)
dhxixnmco,nsnmdmdll kmcndksksnmsm a
I dont wanna die...this hotel is  deteriorating, run/worn down, disgusting, scarey, stained and dirty as the skid row apts of vegas, probably safer and cleaner there actually
You know that episode on Married with Children where they go on vacation and there's an axe murderer at the scummy, sleazy, trashy hotel they're staying at? This is what it feels and looks like being here, wouldn't be surprised if this is where they filmed it!
Nice clean room on the 9th floor
5B... :)
Room in courtyard is very dirty! It's a good place for us to crash a couple nights. Dust is everywhere, dirt/gravel on the ground like they haven't vacuumed in a while. Big black hairs in the shower, and no bathroom fan?  Had to use the iron, did not get hot enough. We had a king bed with only 3 pillows also? Sheets were a bit crunchy and mattress a little hard for my liking.  Best part is In-N-Out Burger is a short walk down the street!
2 people working at the waiting line? Fml... Took me more than 40 mins to check in..
Need a nice room cheap, stay here and shuttle/taxi to the Strip. Food is decent to great and drinks are easy. Bingo too!
Sign up for email deals and use Station card for great comps!
Courtyard or Tower... Always a clean room. But complementary WiFi for only 1 device included!?!?!  WTF!!!
palace station! oyster bar tonight fo sho.
palace station time. Comp rooms plus coupons.
At MGM thanks to Yelp Elite Vegas event
Aria time! Valet a lot easier than self park.
If you are assigned the courtyard run the other way!!!! This place will lie to you and this is the cemetery for customer service. The front desk staff is as rude as can be!!!!!
There are no elevators. Pure walk up. No breakfast served either. This is a time share/hotel. Unless you book with marketing you do NOT need to go to a presentation.
Horrible service!!!!! Great food at the oyster bar! Just couldn't stand the people. Safe to say i will not be starting here again!
I forgot my shoes ! But they had them ready for me to pick up! Real good customer service but real old hotel
Perfect weather, u need to try the margaritas REAL good
Check in area
Entrance
Main lobby
Surrender
Good night life
Beach club
Lounge to Cosmopolitan hotel
Lobby
Don't stay In the older section is dirty and bare, pay for the upgrade its cheap and worth it. Also you have to ask for all discounts and players card they won't tell you. Look out for hidden fees.
This place is a dump and as smokey as it gets.
This Hotel is a real dump.  Beware!  There is an added "Daily Hotel Service" charge of $14.99 +tax everyday were you use the service or not added to your bill.
This is a pretty tranquil place. Not to crazy and its away from all the fuss and buss of the strip. This hotel is more for locals
After coming to this hotel for 8 years now...i finally found the tennis courts lol. Thank you for the good laugh my Riviera friend
Parking is available outside of the Palms Place (self parking) and there is also a self parking garage next door. Please avoid parking at the East garage at the Palms casino. The walk is quite long
They offer an early check in for a $16 fee. That's pretty good. Better than waiting till 4pm to check in.
Time to win some moolah
Aloha specialties is amazing
Love all restaurants!
The tram is nice to go between hotels.
This place has something for everyone.
Champagne brunch is nice and not too expensive
Nice rooms and not far from the strip.
They have the shops for Celine Dion, Shania Twain, Elton John and Rod Stewart, if you're into those artists.
This is one of the stops when you take the shuttle service from The Orleans Hotel.
Worst buffet I ever had! So not worth $18!!!
Awesome deal on Buffett
Woot hawaiians!!!!
Wow this place is a gooooood deal
Top of the World
Nice...
Cheap hotel on a expensive weekend not to bad so far...
No coffee maker no mini fridge bad internet terrible customer service
Too far from Strip.
I'm only here for a short trip. The online prices are good at around $89 per night BUT when you get here you have to pay an additional $14.99 + taxes per day for a resort fee!! It's for wifi , shuttle etc. I guess it's worth it if you need if but I don't and there's no opting out..
What bad timing! Oyster Bar won't allow minors the buffet closes at 9PM :( Hanger!
Jerry Springer.
Dont come here!
Kaffen er fra Starbucks.. Selvflgelig?!:)
They don't Honor Your MyVegas Rewards and gives you the runaround.  Tried to redeem my 2 free lunch buffet passes and was denied.   I used to gamble a lot here in the past but not anymore...  Stay away from this place or you'll be sorry.  Stay at the California or Main Street and save yourself the lame $14.99 resort fee.
West Coast Pipe show 2015!
Really nice staff at hotel.  The casino floor cleaning crew would escort us when we asked for directions.  The casino staff is really nice too.  They have $3 craps and it was a ton of fun!
I always love staying here-great service! This time a free $40 upgrade to Eiffel tower view,$5 off buffet for foursquare,and I won at craps!
Hotel manager made things right when I had previously called and confirmed for a king sized bed, and was not given that upon checking in.  Sleeping with your partner in a cramped double bed on a special anniversary is not the ideal vacation getaway.  Thank you Toronto Hilton!  We appreciated it!
Gotta love the long walk to the room after checking in only to have non functioning keys!!!  Argh!!!!
Such friendly and helpful staff.  Great complimentary continental breakfast downstairs.  Free wifi, and very comfortable beds.  I slept good!!!
Loved having dinner here.  Service and food was perfect!
Love the restaurant!!  Great food and service.
$0.99 cents margaritas!
Make sure to ask for a tower room not the courtyard rooms "the apartments" out back. Courtyard has no tub, no fridge, balcony you could see but it was closed off so you can see that there was one there at one time now not no more.
Ask to sit in Patricia section. Amazing service
This place is a rip off. Do not go there.
Guess what I heard!!! This place has THE best oyster bar... Gotta check it out
Be prepared to pay $11.99 (tax included) for a movie rental and $16.79/day for the hotel resort fee.
Putting my handson a million dollars sure made it worth it to come here.
Get the iPhone app & call ahead to get your name on the poker waiting list!
Being only one person in a room, I don't feel Asian. I could actually fit another 4-5 in here.
Beaver hunt at 8:30am. Instead dude just found out that I rock out with my rooster out when I sleep.
Some of the biggest rooms on the strip
Valet only, minimal lobby, kitchen, and nice big bath tub + shower.
If I had detergent, I would've done my laundry in the Bosch washer and dryer.
Pacquiao!
Happy Birthday Mikey!!!
Bill Clinton, and no, not playing, just talking
On special events, they have amazing music!
And the weekend begins..
Walk literally 10 steps and you're at the Cosmopolitan
Projector and 360 views of the Strip.  I'm home, baby.
Home sweet home!
Interesting back way in left of Casino Center valet. Cool fish tank by pool!
Room service prices are really good but there is a $10 minimum which means you need to have a dining companion (and if so, why not leave the room) or you need to order two meals.
Blurry Coast!
Directory is outdated. They still have Dos Caminos listed. That closed last year!
Use valet
Turn at City Center not Harmon for the better valet.
Wow. According to Yelp Aria is closed. Only open 6am to 11pm. I must be a VIP.
Art-o-matic machines near the buffet.
The boulevard pool kinda sux for concerts.
No more free wifi. :(
Beware the Art-o-Matic. None of the damn things work.
Jabbawockeez!!!
Vegas prebday weekend !! Bumped up to 750 gr suite but room is no big deal....love  the hotel facilities though!!
Business trip ...nice property just like the other W trendy Hotel out in Scottsdale with a sushi roku and trendy lounge and pool ...cool vibe
Quick Vegas trip 'n
Milos Greek seafood restaurant for lunch... 20.11 specials 3 course lunch best deal in Vegas now mon-thu
Milos round two!!!
Very nice rooms ...1 bed room suite overlooking strip w/ patio and sunken tub!!
Going to be a great weekend!!!
Amazing live music on the lawn on Sundays from 3-6! Awesome time with friends!
Private suite with bowling alley! Get some!!
This place is refreshing as it is uberchic.
Sumo competition. Hoping to see wrestlers bigger than me
wet republic above and beyond
Hotel hoppin
I hope their service has gotten better from the first two times we were here
Yay, we got a room w/ a microwave for Sammy's food
Marquee dayclub.... Jo & Berrnarrdoo
Sammys first hotel stay
Finally ...
The best place to stay
This is the best place! Right off the strip with kitchen, free wifi, and breakfast! The employees are also the best and friendliest!
The city room is awesome in the west wing! Room with a view!
Vegas Streats Festival!
Goldfish time!
Brides galore!
Favorite poker room!
No shade here! Must rent chair and umbrella. If bigger party, go for the cabanas!
My favorite off strip hotel. Cozy, modern and clean.
Golf course view by day, faraway Strip view by night. Get the strip side room!
First time staying here. Palace Towers has been updated but not as roomy as Palazzo or Encore. Octavious and Augustus Towers are newer.
Alice in Wonderland and Goldfish time!
Mommy's turn to have fun!
Still our favorite place to stay and play!
The casino and rooms are gorgeous but slots are tight, tight, tight!
Great view of Bellagio fountains
Get upgraded suites, they're worth it! Ask for rooms away from 3rd Street. Too much noise from bar.
Best option in downtown!
Rooms are average in size but very chic!
Let's see of my old spot near my old crib is good 2 me lol
OMG!!! This place is DOOOPPPEEE!!! Hella my style!
This place just turned in2 my new fav spot 2 stay in Vegas! Chill, classy n the decor is bangin!
$2 drinks! :o
ESPN Friday Nite Fights.
Home away from Home:)
Sunday Night Football at The Book. Vodka.
My usual & favorite.
Posh!!!
Not much luck here
The cousins are on fire at the craps table!
Out with the kiddies. Time to win some prizes!
Cosmopolitan - a perfect name for this hotel. Modern everythang!
I love this place. The scenery is amazing. Get the elk burger.
It's good to be home.
Time to get some Zzzz...
Upgrade!
Switching to a new room!
12.23.02.     :)
Checking out the newest high end Hotel-Casino in Vegas.
Cosmo doesn't charge a Resort Fee so you can factor a $20/day discount on the room rates compared to Wynn, Aria, Venetian, etc.
Zzzzzzzz..... food coma!
Sleepy!
Drunk
Gotta try the Wicked Spoon!
New renovations are very nice. A MAJOR upgrade from before!
Hotel check-in entrance is off Paradise Blvd. If you come in from the strip, you'll have to drag your luggage all the way across the casino.
Bowling...
Busy breakfast
Super busy
2$ drinks, all drinks
Looking at shit I can't afford...
First time here. Partying with the Koi folks. Happy birthday Robin!!!
Very quiet.  Beautiful  romantic
Comp room
Room service late night  ;)
Bingo was fun.. Gets pretty intense! Haha
Poolside with Jodi & Jamie :)
Cosmic bowling!
Looking for surrender passes
One of the best beds ever
Chinese new year decor !
Just got free rooms!
Chinese new year decor amazing!
Absinthe
They treat you like royalty here
Last night means no sleep unless I run out of money
Ballroom
Studio B
Happy Mother's Day! xoxo
Full kitchen in every room. Newly renovated. It's a great hotel to stay in if you want to avoid the noise of a casino and the smoke and cigarette odor.
Kitchenette in the suite is awesome. I love that the hotel smells like jasmine and not the usual casino/hotel stale stench of cigarettes. The only problem is no self parking. I do appreciate the shuttles that run to Wynn and Caesar's. It's all
Try all the drinks at the Vesper Bar. Breakfast at the Henry is phenomenal.
Early check in please!!! Love the garden
Shoe polisher! I thought they're extinct
E dee see! Caler
Love the pleasure pits! Long line at check in on a monday -_-
2 queen beds and a pull out!
Studio suite w balcony!
Really nice room with stove and panoramic view of the strip!!!
Worst valet ever! The lost my car and wait time 30min +  Park at the palazzo and just walk over
My favorite place to gamble. Their drinks are awesome!
Dinner & magic show
$10 min table
Blackjack and craps
Fav hotel here
Late night gambling (instead of clubbing)
My favorite, the air smells like.. Air
Got $50 slot play, spent it on a $5 per spin
Lost all our $250 slot play (albeit promotional)
Lovely~
I miss France
Checking in, got upgraded
Back again
Late night gambling
I missed this place
Pyramid
For lion king
Thank you Priceline!
Aveda bath products
Luxury suites:)
Trendy
Yay upgraded room with an awesome strip view
More late night gambling
So red.. But loving the live piano singer
Checking in.. Offered upgrade for $75, no thanks
Back home, love the fountain at the car entry
Checking in
Girly girl hotel
Lunch time
Back again, easy walk from aria via crystal
All the dealers are wearing sport shirts
Parking lot Full tonight!
Stayed here a couple days free comp sept 2012 and I love their new beds..it's like the golden Nuggett suites..not regular rooms...impressed for being kinda dumpy frumpy
Join the Players Club today and receive a complimentary gift! I got a donut maker :)
Craps FTW
Wheeeee!
Don't forget to request me Tasha T. as your favorite Cabana Server!
Free wifi, gym access, and club access! Hail yeah.
Got VIP upgrades! To a presidential suite and view for only $400 for 4 nights! How? Ask me! :) this place is amazing!
Corner city view suite. My favorite hotel to stay in Vegas.
Terrace suite, premium view. :) front desk hooked it up.
Goodbye Vegas, you were good to us! ;)
Wedding bliss about to commence
Locals get discounts on certain stuff. Check their website. Otherwise sign up for their Mlife card.
Get your college students Lion King tickets before they're gone!!
The hotel is off the strip and a lot less crowded. Great hotel with big Vegas feel.  The buffett is one of the better ones with a large selection of foods and desserts.
Towers suite parlor suite amazing room
My favorite hotel in las Vegas
Like always great rooms, great service clearly the best Las Vegas experience
Simply the best casino in Las Vegas
Great corner rooms at the Wynn Floor to ceiling Windows on two sides with great views
I usually stay at the encore
I wouldn't stay here, but the shows are pretty good. Jeff Civilico and Recycled Percussion were completely entertqining, and kid-appropriate.
Playtime with the girls
Ciao ciao gelato. Yum
Black jack!!
Take the shortcut route to your room without walking through the crowd! Hop onto the 10th floor from the hotel elevator, then walk out the hallway into the garage elevator!
The hot tub downstairs is 24/7!
Checking in to our hotel
Blackjack!
HK milk tea is legit....but at $7 a cup, you're better off driving down to Spring Mt!
Grrr
Having ciroc for breakfast
Whoo!!
No refrigerator or free WiFi and still cost $99/nt, why would anyone stay here?
Just opened so still rough but great environment. Give it some time. Great beer garden!!
Bigger than I thought. That's what she said
The pool makes a mean strawberry banana smoothies
Fitness center closes at 10p
Man the Encore is so sweet!
Fake butt implants everywhere.
32$ resort fee includes gym and wifi
7th floor has some great views overlooking the rehab pool
Get your drinks on!!
They have complimentary coffee & tea in the mornings at their lobby.
One of the only hotels I stay at when in Las Vegas. Always clean and comfy.
I came for the karaoke, and realized soon after I arrived that this is what old Vegas is all about. Shady corners, and palm tree carpets. This is a place of business... bad business
Don't get a day bed at the pool it's a flat rate they don't explain until your on the bed.
Good customer service, not to far from everything & central
I feel extremely hawaiian
Maybe one more night maybe!
Getting ready, pink and black!!!!
Gambling on the day of the lord!
Oh so France-y
Dollar drafts, lots of tv's, zabba's, hash house, Oscar's. Not a bad place to hang.
These rooms rock!
Fantastic lobby for conducting phone interviews :D
The lobby that never quits...
Perfect venue for Dice to rip it up for 40min. Def go see him
One person working HRH check-in. Super!
Big room... Small tv... Lol oh and no lock on the bathroom? Weird...
Beer pong!
i have blessed the middle stall in the mens bathroom. add to my legacy!
animegacon!!!
If your from Detroit you definitely should stop in to The D :) everyone should really :) it's a blast!
Carnevale~
Do valet, parking sucks at MGM
Too many employees bugging you about show tickets. So annoying!
Love the Fountain show!
lots of parking!
Rooms are nice and clean.
The rooms are pretty nice after renovations.
Mothers day brunch. $25 with crab ....100 parties waiting
My favorite old school casino in Vegas!
Haven't stayed at the hotel, but the restaurant (The Barrymore) and lobby bar are great. Check it out!
Take the free shuttle to Fremont st. Or Harrahs and save $25 on a taxi!
My second Vegas home...
@ the Feast
Sigh
Show in the sky!
Hangin' with honey!!
0.1 slots! Crazy!
Dont steal my credit card
In the mountains enjoying the view with the World Famous Mt. Charleston Coffee
Nice small casino.
Beautiful space. Artful and innovative interior design.
Cool if you like a hotel that may have been designed by Prince. Too many chandeliers and purple everywhere. Bond is the exception nice space
I'm here..Vegas baby..u so seksi...:p
Vegas ain't ready for us!!
Not as dirty as it use to be. They have cleaned up. Still a little old. Great for kids
Im not to crazy about this hotel , it has gotten better vents though. I only  come for my daughter.
The pool for kids is small and not enough chairs for  parents. They shouldve made the pool for kids as big as the  party pool.  Beware! Check your towel befor you wipe your face. My "clean" towel had mud smudges and  booger on it. Gross
So this will be our last time here at the flamingo. Bad C.S the rooms are old , sinks n tubs don't drain. Safes don't work.  To top it off the lady at the cages "to cash your chips" tried to trick my brother in law in keeping his chips. Going back to the Golden Nugget.
This hotel is descent.
The pool is really cool, they have alive DJ
Love this Hotel! Especially the Mall
Very nice hotel. Its off the strip but you can take a bus for free to cesars palace
Nice casino and food court very clean
Xs baby
I'm not into the cowboy or prospector thing, but it's ok.
Me thinks not, young maiden.  This place is icky!!!
Eewwww. Seriously. This place is disgusting.
Super long check in line!
I miss the lion habitat.
I can't believe the limited number of table games here.
Great service so far,  room is amazing for the price we got it for. Oh awesome bathroom, jacuzzi bathtub.
When you go to valet park, from Harmon Ave, go to the right ramp, and just drive in circle from there.  The sign is kind of confusing!
Flop in top, River below.
Great people watching.
Jubilee!
Jubilee!
Jubilee!
Looks ghetto. But we got this room for free and with perfect view for fireworks I can't really complain.
I like this hotel, especially they hv renovated the hotels... The casinos is start to become alive now... More brighter with lights, before it was just dark..and more restaurants in the hotel too.. So I like the improvements, and the rate is also amazing!!! But...I notice one of my pillow case has holes on them!! WTH???!!!! Other than that... I love staying here! :)
The self-parking sometimes can be a pain in the ***, so come earlier before 7pm.. And u will get a good parking spot. But I do noticed they hv a new elevators, no more that old 70's looking elevators or afraid being stuck in it! Lol
Its a good hotel, and I got a bargain rate too for weekend stay for $97/nite thru Hotels.com.. But my room smells!!! From the previous guests.. I wished the hotel housekeeper would spray the room each time they clean it, so the room will always smell fresh... I just hv a really sensitive nose.   other than that.. I love staying here.
Stained covers  Dark  No insulation in walls   Good  hot water
Cheap tables and me
Coin payout machines still exist here...ching ching ching!
Gotta love the Flaming "O".
Come here to see the Berlin wall urinal.
If you go all the way to the very back bar with no name, they have quarter machines at the bar.
The fray is playing here tonight
Ghetto fabulous!!
Gay security!!
1st elite event!!
Slow buffet.
Checking out the hotel
Staying at this hotel for tonight
Yelp should have a m Check Out feature since I am checking out of this place, LOL.
To see Sade in concert.
To see Rod Stewart in concert. My brother Edgar's favorite.
No one ever told me they did a Billie Jean show!!!!
Buffet #2. 8)
Omg this place is nice. Like whoa
Heavenly bed is 100% worth it
Manager Mike provided top service!
PERSONAL FAVORITE: Steak and eggs with hash browns and biscuits and gravy.
Go to the 2nd floor for Burnham restaurant and Eliot's Bar! Bar 32 to open in July!
Great place as always
Best steak and eggs spot In Vegas!
This place is awesome if you're playing tourist & wanna just kill time / take photos / see artistic things (water show, glass art, conservatory, live piano, chocolate fountain) / walk around!
This place kinda sucks
The place is exclusive as he'll and the cheapest timeshare is 7400 plus.
Finally home.
Heading to The Rush Lounge to enjoy the tunes. Happy Saturday night to all. (:
Room 301 faces west and has nice Strip view.
Look at me ... Watching AFC with all the "kids" ... I must be 20 yrs older than most people here, but I am having a "brawl" - LOL
It is hoppin tonight at the Hard Rock with the AE Expo in full swing! WOO HOOO
Here watching Phantom w Miss K.
Only buffet that I go to
Casino tour tonight!
Rent a Cabana by the pool and ask for Raul to be your server. Great guy!
Don't miss the lake of dreams, it's stunning!
It's always beautiful here!
Good place because the beds are new an the price is reasonable. Recommend it for short business stays, no pool for kids
They have 9/6 Jacks or Better video poker here! Make sure and look for it.
The one complaint I have is that they don't have enough outlets in the rooms. There is one useable one and one behind the bed.
Be nice to the staff, don't be a jerk.
You will be bombarded with people in every wing of the ground floor trying to sell you condos and time shares. They are very annoying and I wish they would go away.
They have closed the Paradise Cafe and put the new cafe in the casino where the high limit tables were. Not sure why they did this because there seems to be less room now.
Got rid of the 9/6 Jacks or Better video poker machines
Sharks!!
Don't give them your real phone number when you check in- they will call you after your stay to sell you a timeshare !!
Checking In!!!
Nap Time Yo!!!!
Swanky yo!!!!
Im so excited to be staying here!!!
Winter Wonderland is amazing!
Zumanity!!!! ;-)
Walkin thru!!
Beautiful hotel!!  And they have a starbucks tooo!!!
Winter In Venice!!!
Meeting some rad friends for the party to start
Lemon Drop & appletini shots.. Fuk it.. The boyfriend and i are gambling!!
Hail Caesar!!!!!
Gambling n Stuff
If anyone stays in Room 850 be aware of the late night/ early morning toilet gurgling!!!
Holy Crap.. Im a lucky girl!!
Heck.Yeah!!!!
Our Suite is amazing!!
Just cant get enough of this hotel!!
My favorite place
Drunk walking into my fav hotel
Tag Team Back Again!!
Its good to be back!!!!!
Party's Here!!!
Upgraded us to the "Panty Dropper Suite"
Its so hard to say goodbye.. But we must move onto another exciting hotel!!!
Happy Birthday!
I forgot why I never come here. Now I remember ...
Fun old school
Station 1 Xmas party
and checking out.......cheeeehooooo!
Out with Sissy!
Gotta have breaky after the hike.
Taking Lokelani to JWMarriott X'mas party.
Christmas party.
Free Wifi and pretty decent speed! I got 14 Mb down and 1Mb up!
This shower is like a fire hose ... I Love It!
Classic King Room .. Love the the Pillow Top bed! The bathroom on the other hand was small and old!
No USB ports for charging your phone or even the ubiquitous iHome alarm clock for iPhones .. butttt ... there are a couple USB ports on the TV that will charge your phone!! You're welcome!
On our second night out of three - so far, so good! GIANT bath tubs, great service, firm but not miserable beds, and spacious rooms. Clean!
Waiting on team from Iowa
The Hawaiian Belagio
Try my luck on craps!
Sister is lady luck! Already up from craps!
Ferry Tator!
Real mermaids!
With all my aunties and uncles. Lol
Midway games.
First time here...
World Famous Bread Pudding
Power went out!
Resort fee is $16.80/day, but includes internet (cable connection)
No more free slot play for new members
Sign up for a players card and get $10 free play or spin a prize wheel ;)
Small pool, inconsistent service, overpriced under quality spa, and watch your bill for incorrect charges.
Cheaper tables
My new favorite Vegas hotel...oldie but goodie!
Service here has declined.
Rated as a 5 star hotel.   I give. It 2 1/2 stars . :-(
Lost $100 in Black Jack in 10 minutes. Minimum $10 bet. 8 card deck. I thought you won at the old hotels... Damn!
Oldy but goody!
My room looks like it hasn't been stayed in and/or cleaned in a long while, judging by the layer of dust on the iHome. Also, mirror in bathroom is spotted like its never been cleaned.
Typical Hyatt Place. Nice and quiet except for the airplanes overhead. Small heated outdoor pool but very clean and relaxing. Very un-Vegas-like. Great for families looking for a quiet place.
Oh hell ya!
Great way to start your day
Not too sure?!
Good,.......
If u're here try the Pear-nilla, The Cold Whore, a Hot Russian and Tianna's fav Pomme Epice
Great place for the price. Hotel staff very friendly and nice.
Sarah at the front desk is the real MVP.
Off Sahara behind Firefly restaurant.
Week of Christmas advertised rate is $299.  Just so you know.
2 bedroom is really (2) one bedroom units, 2 kitchens, etc. pools are cool
Great music while you play, no food after 10p... Only Mickey D's
Just got done with Dawn of the Apes!
Rich Little and Don McLean and Trent Carlini it does not get better
Liberace casting baby!!!!
@TheRichLittle show Jimmy Stewart and friends in the Simmer Cabaret
Workin' for the Rossi
Workin' hard creating funny stuff!
Bon Jovi for Obama!!! @Ofa_nv
Make sure you take the time to enjoy every moment
Won $20
Lost 10
Been trying to get ka tickets. For like an hour now. They need faster computers ...
Ridiculous, concierge is non existent, and they charge a ten dollar handling fee to fedex anything.
Clean rooms, reasonably priced. Good crash pad. Very small restroom, no counter space. Wanted to stay in the new downtown to experience it.
24 hour kiosk for sports betting
I love this hotel, the beds have firm mattresses.
Pays to be a priority club member.
Behind the Harrah's property. A block off the strip.
Yup! Feels like I'm back in Hawaii to me lol
Another semester. Another banquet.
Ready to be a fat
Playing pool with complete strangers.
TVOTR&AM :0)
Make sure there's no concert or you'll be unable to sleep!
Check in was a mess this time!
Love this place!
Nugent's Stranglehold at 7:30 am? HELL YES!
Kids enjoyed the water and lights show.
The  pools,movie theater and bowling alley are great for families.
Need to win back my lost.  Lol.
Luck pressing.  Lol
Pressing our luck before heading to the real CA tomorrow morning.  Lol
Luck pressing.  Oh and using Toney's phone to check in.  Forgot my phone at the hotel :/
Here we go again ;)
UFC 141
Check in
Calling it a night :)
Pressing our luck after getting our new tattoos!  Hahahaha
5:30am.  Goodnight Vegas!
$
143am.  Luck pressing again.  Hahahha
:)
Free clown show by rides
Crowded still
Dealer killed my mojo
Nice bath robes
When will they fix my remote? Not 3hrs maybe 5hrs?
Remote fix when away with privacy on.
Ready for some quiet r&r.
Wow, nearly 100% occupied this weekend...bummer to no upgrade!
Party all night in Vegas who needs sleep?
We meet again
Last min fun before leaving
24 hour gym!
Haney is pair-bonding.
UFC 132 weigh-ins. Fight tomorrow at 6pm on Pay-per-view.
Let's rock.
Rude cocktail waitresses, snobby attitude from staff, old as hell and blah dealers. Only reason for me to visit is seasonal decor, buffet.
Beware of the $20 daily resort fee, but it does include wi-fi in your room and gym access.
go pac man!
$22 resort fee pays for wifi, gym, newspaper that you pick up yourself. The question is, will you use it all to get your money's worth?
Standard rooms have a small fridge in the closet, below the security safe.
10-15 minute walk to Wynn/Encore down Desert Inn, a good sweat in the heat. Might be a "dicey" experience for some. Decent hot breakfast.
Don't pay the asking rate. Priceline it.
Palazzo definitely more mellow and low key than than the more happening and louder Venetian. Palazzo tables area are more spacious.
So much for a quiet getaway on Saturday night. Front desk said our room facing the mountain would be quiet vs. the Strip view. Nope, it's all night thumping to the same ass beat by the DJ. I'm fist pumping in my sleep.
Tell them you're celebrating a birthday or anniversary and they'll send you a plate of chocolate covered strawberries and macaroons on the house.
Scheduled to open December 8.
No more free parking, unless you actually eat here and bring your receipt to a certain spot
If you stay in the "classic" rooms up the Habitat elevator, upgrade to the "Go Rooms"
When u walk into the room, the shades open up automatically. Niiiice. (kinda creepy too)
Bring ur own power strip. There's only 2 plugs in the main room.
Pretty cool fitness room. They have a boxing ring and a tennis court.
There are USB ports under the rail of the tables for charging your phone!
Thank you Darryll and Sonia... ahhh, time to relax.
Pet friendly hotel with no additional fees
The elevator has dog pee stains in it..
Check in was fast despite the long line
On the way to sushi!
Smells so good I dont wanna leave
The guest rooms here at immaculately clean! I've stayed in 5 star hotels that are not this clean. I am extremely OCD about cleanliness and I am shocked by how well the rooms at the SLS are maintained.
I booked my room on hot wire and saved nearly half. The hotel charges a $33 resort fee and holds a $50 per night deposit which is very low!
Cool AC
No glass or aluminum by the pool.
I can see In N Out from my room
U-turn before stoplight.
Circus Circus smells like clowns and desperation. Or maybe it's just stale cigarettes. Stay away.
Beautiful property! If you haven't been here you should definitely put it on your "to do" list! I love the pool, casino and restaurants... Actually there is nothing I don't like about this place :)
don't buy drinks at the pool rip off buy them inside and bring them out
Gorgeous 5 star resort--super cheap on Hotwire!
The spot....
Let's try my luck..
Came to check out the aquarium and bass pro shops next door ...
Palace tower has the best view of the pool...
Pretty cool place
Attending las Vegas  bridal shower lol!
4 day weekend .....
Best spot in Vegas JMO!
Very nice !
Wow!
Bar break.......
Power nap...
Time to relax...
Boo yah I own dis bish. Visiting friend. Idk. Room is cozy?
Picking up my winnings. Bronco's!!
My favorite sports book!
The best casino off the Strip.
Looks like they have a new Mexican restaurant. I'll have to check it out soon.
Joe's Seafood. My favorite.
Great location if you want to party on Freemont Street.
Excellent staff. Very friendly.
There are too many great hotels on the strip for anyone to be wasting their time off the strip at the HR.
Always great service!
It's always good, nice customer service.
Getting my free thermos set
Only thing to see for CES here without appt is Asus
Hins Cheung concert
Jyj concert, so many Korean ppl...
Great lines at the Sports book. Collecting now off my Bowl game!! I'm 50% at this Casino so far, fingers crossed ;)
I come to this Casino at least 3 times weekly :) Mostly for the theaters!!!
This is my favorite Casino to come to. Whether it's dinning, games, bowling, or the movies. Tonight's choices were food and games!! MegaBucks is almost at 17 Million!!! Had to give it a try 3 times, just in case :D
It's pretty live even late, up at the Red Rock!! Testers tat are open and it's getting close to 1am...
Takes a while to get checked in. Also, if you have hotel room offer w/your Station Casino card you can receive a possibly free room. Unless its a Holiday weekend!!!! I had to find out the hard way. What a rip off!
Beautiful Holiday setup here for Christmas :)
Great view in my Suite at the Red Rock, for the New Years Eve :) Super sweet double room, 3 Tvs, and Jacuzzi Tub!! Strip view on the 19th floor!!!Yeaaaah Boiiii.....
Great Hotel room service!!! Everyone working here has been awesome over New Years!!! I'd stay here again next year :) Saying goodbye to my view!!!
Came in today, swiped my card and got a free UFC shirt :D
Very nice hotel and pool!
They don't like hookers here.
Don't park valet because you'll risk having some of your belongings stolen by valet staff.
At johnny rockets....great food great service thank you guys
Strong drinks @O'Hara's Lounge. Nice.
Mental Mondays @O'Hara's!
Why isn't there a room service menu in the room?
Parking at the Palazzo (valet or self) is 10x easier than valet or self parking at the Venetian!!
Gotta Ask for a room w/ a balcony and jacuzzi tub
For a quick variety of food the cafe is great!
Seemed overpriced to me.  For the most part pricey is worth it, I didn't think so this time. Great service though
Super yummy late night/early morning grub!
Meh
Happy summer & happy recovery to you Kaleo! Visting his fave show Pawn Stars & Hoover Dam.
Boooo lost $40 in slots!  Are great brunch though!
Awesomnessss!
1st annual Asian food festival! Island Style - Koreatown plaza booth!!
Oxtail soup FTW!
Foooooood!!!
Bill from Illinois @ cashier cage: "I can't wait for the sign to be up that you have to wait to be called." I'm standing right there. ASS!
One of the perks of being local... Food vouchers at the casino!  The best part? We don't gamble!  Yay
Beautiful suites here.
Beautiful suites!
My home away from home.. love the service
This place is very classy, even when totally sober.
Carnevale!
Uh, Hail Caesar!?
Go to Studio B!
Bogo Buffet on Wed; bass pro store
Donny & Marie Osmond have a show there Jan 2015 not sure for how long.
Cheap hotel in Scottsdale AZ
Eggnog cheesecake at Mr Luckys cafe Hard rock hotel vegas
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Don't get a DUI in Vegas. Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Don't get a DUI in Vegas. Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Don't get a DUI in Vegas. Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Download uber today and use my promo code: davidh10613ue for a free 15$ ride!
Food court is nice and big. Lots of options to eat
Check in is a 3pm. So drop off your bags in baggage storage for free
Very quiet and peaceful
Nice but small pool area,  drink prices don't reflect the fact that this place is not on the strip...
www.bootcamplasvegas.com Satyrday morning run, the Wynn to NYNY and back!
Yummy!
I'm sailing! Well, learning to sail anyway! $50 for 2 days of lessons, 8 hours of sailing, lunch, t shirt and a text book. Woo hoo!
Mani/Pedi cause I'm just that damn sexy!
Bowling my life away
One night in Vegas!
Home sweet home! Doing the prima deal!
With the fam bam
Clubbing with Cali folks
Saw a sickly looking chicken (or maybe turkey) roaming around the garden. He made the saddest sounds and got really close to me.
Hope you don't get loud, drunk dinks for neighbors! Yah, I know. It's Vegas.
Seventh floor offers a good view of an alley with dumpsters. Great suite though!
Go to voodoo!
Parking is terrible here
Still waiting for that cocktail....
$1 Newcastles
Mom's winning money and I'm drinking free cocktails...yeahhhhh!
Happy new year to all!!!!
Freakin long line at d buffet
Family reunin yaaay haha long long drive here. Guess who is MC'n? This guy xp
Day 2, getting tan and hittin the water slide :) miss my cousins.
Ill see you later vegas, whole fam loved are Live singing and hiphop choreo :)
F&F!!
Surprise Mommy.
Hmmmmm Vdara vs Palazzo. Still deciding. Views are amazing. But was expecting a two bedroom suite.
Valet is $13 for 4 hours, free WiFi..
No hot water!! Water pressure at 5th floor is horrible! Stains inside the tub, bed sheets..
Here for free craps lesson & won $500 on slots! :D
Room service breakfast. Sooo good.
Scallops room service is amazingly good!
Checking out :(
Won another $140 with slots here!
Home for the next 4 nights!
Room service for dinner, then sleep.
Home in the wrap around suite for the next 4 days! Woo!
Til next time, cosmo...
Warm chocolate cookie! Love :) free water! Love!
Shops at the palazzo
Super annoying to have to walk throughout the entire casino to get to the elevators!!!
Amazing! If youre gonna be here for 3+ days itll make u feel comfy and super relaxed!
Forever a classic. Can never turn down coming to HOB for a show.
Apparently a 4 star hotel. Arcade, movies, bowling.
Good bone-in ribeye!!!
Best shopping in Vegas!
Rico Diamante performing Old School Friday is fantastic!!!! We love him!
The parking to casino/rooms are very close by since it's a small hotel.
Hotel room has basic necessities, comfy beds and breathable air. Nothing glamorous but exceeds expectations considering price range.
Cleopatra and her royal guards are available for pictures on certain occasions. Try your luck and look for them in the main lobby!
Self park - level 2 is the same floor to registration.  Hotel doors are manual from the garage. If you have a lot of luggage, you might want to check in first, then get your luggage because the elevators to the rooms are closer to the garage and the hotel registration area is kind of a long walk to be bringing the luggage.
Feet hurting? Check out the Rollasole vending machine. Located between food court and valet.
The lion habitat is gone!  So sad, it was such a tradition to visit them.  I love those lions.
Very easy walk to Bellagio. Take the hallway between Starbucks and the Marketplace.
Cued up waiting for tix for KA! It's a long cue, even if u have reserved tix. Be Nice! You get better tix.
Rooms are gorgeous! Tv's could use an upgrade. Pools with fountains aren't heated!!
The hotel rooms are a little on the small side, but beautiful nonetheless
Getting Tix for show tonight at Tix 4 Tonight!
Viva Las  Vegas
Older resort but still has a lot of charm and very luxurious.
Loosing ally money.
Amazing pool.
Each restaurant offers a vegan option!
The most amazing In Room Dining menu I have ever seen in my life.
Try the cafe!
It is what it is. The stratosphere!!!
If there's a line at valet, be sure to roll down your window and ask if they have room to valet for that night. Otherwise they'll make you wait, guide you in, and tell you to turn around and park somewhere else. Save yourself some time!
Oh I loved the part when the valet staff decided it was okay to smoke weed in your car as they bring it to you. Very professional guys -_-
Friendliest staff in town
Spazmatics
Buffet!
Thank God for self check-in kiosks!!
Hermes Paris & Omega watch store coming soon
Gotta get the gelato at the buffet :)
My new favorite place on the Strip-it's beautiful here!
Detour before Serendipity
Beautiful casino..going to try the buffet!
Ultimate quite. Stay in the back On 2nd floor
Check out the convenient "locals" parking right off of Tropicana Boulevard
F'n finally
Good prices on in room bottle service, a must try to save time!
4 th day...
This is the worst hotel/casino I've ever stayed at
Fucking sluts
Pool Side..!
Time 2 Meet Up With My Extended FAM BAM..!
We Back...!
Let Our Night Begin..!
$100 on Red Lehhhgooo
A little night swim to sober up..!
Time 2 Double My Money..!
Let's see how this night works out..! Wish Me Luck..!
$50 on RED..! Let's See How This Works Out Wish Me Luck..!
Fast Bet..! $150 on Red Wish Me Luck
Dropping Geoff Off See Ya In A Few Hours..!
50 on which color.?!? Any ideas..?!?
Last bets B4 we call it a night
Ci Ce Dropping $100 on Odds..?!?
I'm a play a dollar in a penny machine see how this goes..!?!
beer pong time..! i gotta represent y'all that know me know what's up..!  money on the table..!
Catch Me Pool Side..!
Catch Me Pool Side..!
It's where the bday boy wanted to go.. So we're here.
Hope this place is better than the rating!!
Going to the Fun Dungeon arcade so the girls can play.
Working meeting
Work meeting
Grand Canal Shoppes!!
Check out the awesome buffet for a cheap/quick lunch :)
Worst hotel we have ever stayed at in Vegas
Can't check into MoZen Bistro though I'm sitting here now. Says I'm 1.7 miles away.
The hospitality and housekeeping are atrocious. Proceed with Level 4 Biohazard suit. Dust, pet dander? Jeebus only knows what airborne detritus is on the sound dock.
At andres with good friends
This place was kind of like a flashback to the 90's...TONS of locals. Decent table prices. Semi-loose slots
Great place for locals!
Aaron at the lobby bar is killer!!! :-)
I dig local scenes...but this place kinda lacked that local feel. Everything was closed on Tuesday night! But the bartender at the bar next to the subway was very kind and attentive :-) I wish I'd caught his name!
Worst hotel ! Always had to wait 30 minutes before I could get into my hotel. Stayed for 11 days and my key never seemed to work!
Grand opening of Richard MacDonald gallery
#Tweetup event with wine tasting and appetizers :)
Breakfast with My Grandpa! It's legit...
Plastic ice skating!
The cafe is the business... Hello Chicken & Waffles!
Breakfast was good at there cafe and the service was great...
Room upgrades are always an unexpected surprise.
FUN. Get excited!
Automatic curtains from the touch of a button right by the bed. Sweet!
english pub, complete with bangers and mash and a tetleys
Validated parking for 3 hrs.
#wsop
Show in the sky!
Comic book expo!
Seeing kevin nealon!
Watching mom play har eights
Viva las vegas 16 baby. Im covering as press. Read my stuff here www.frankietease.com rockabilly weekend home.
Lalas burlesque show about to begin
At Kings Ink
Parking in rear.
This casino and pool is abs. Gorgeous and lush.
Easy free parking. Swanky new south beach theme. Gonna interview murray sawchuck.
I saw the la comedy club show to reviw it on frankietease.com . Its a solid show with awesome drink specials. Recommended.
About to Inerview reverend horton heat!
I loved the Gold Club Tower Room we got the 24th floor. Perfect!
Food drinks n a good time
I visit here only for the Chicago Style Brewing Co. Restaurant. Great Chicago Deep Dish Pizza! Almost as good as Amore Taste of Chicago, I said almost!
Excellent brunch!!!  Champagne and crab legs.
Nice, clean rooms.
2nd level off ramp makes me feel like I am trying to park at the airport. Its tricky.
Can you say massage??
Buffet time..line isn't that long
The valet guys are really, really nice.
I clearly can't get enough of this place :D
Going to plan to jump off that sky jump.
Beautiful here. 5th floor with the pool on the top view and comped breakfast 6am 2pm
Live band, fire pit, and cocktails. Can't beat this!
Earl's Sandwiches!!! Cheap & delicious!  Great lunch or late night spot.
Win win win!
MGM is a good value & a lot of fun.  However I won't go back during the rodeo.
Went to a meeting in the Pullman Room
Egypty
Ready for the strip
w00t!
Noon poker tournaments woohoo!
It is very nice place to stay.
The hotel is clean and nice to stay!
I will recommend this resort. There is valet parking only and resorts fee but I feel it is worth.  It is so quiet and big room with whirlpool bath. I like here a lot!!
You need to stay here once!!
Place the "do not disturb" sign outside if you do not want to be woken up at 8am for housecleaning.
Much better than it was when I was a kid
I love hooters
Wastedddddddd
Relaxing at the suite before tonight
Holy shit I am sexy, but now is bedtime.
Waking up
Stumbling into the hotel. Success!
Goodbye Palms Place. I wished the suite here was my apartment.
Long ass check in line
Chillin at the pool!
Best spot in vegas
Finally arrived to the resort, next stop EDC
Don't stay in the Venezia tower.... NO wi-fi in this tower!!!!! Seems a little preposterous :(
Freestyle Explosion concert
Awesome
Dancing with the Stats with Tia Carrere
Octavius Suites!!!
Mermaid in the aquarium. It's legit.
Very overpriced concession food- leaving to search for prime rib
My grandma loved playing slots here.
Great locals hangout for movies, arcades and bowling. This was my grandma's favorite place to gamble (slots) when she was alive.
Too smoky!
Great hotel! Huge rooms
Phewwww....
Whooohooo... Just hit a royal flush ... 150 to 1 :)
Cirque Du Soleil.... Mystere.
What a great night.... Woke up in pain.... I am sure aging :(
Hookerville!! If u wana pick up a hooker, this is the place!
My kids love Wave pool & lazy pool
My kids love wave pool and lazy pool here!!
Check-in desk is located at the 2nd floor!
Freestyle explosion 2012. September 15. Tix on sale now.
I don't know who the band is playing at the bourbon street lounge but they're kinda amazing!
Gourmet food truck fest!!!
No free wifi :/
For Hotel Guests at The Orleans:  SHUTTLE ROUTE- Stops at *Orleans *Gold Coast *High Roller at The Linq on the Strip  Approximately Every 1/2 Hour from 9:00am - 12:30am Last Shuttle Leaves the High Roller at 12:30am.
Nice breeze to be outside. Try the lifesaver cocktail at te pool
Salsa night on Saturdays... Drinks with good folks tonight....
Day 2 not going so hot...
Day 3 and still many things to get done!!
Time to check out today!! Highly recommend the stay at this place!!
Actually staying in after an amazing weekend with good friends!!
Quick rest before we go to chill even more. :-) fun and drinks!!!
Even more shopping an sightseeing...
Off to the Mix to chill...
Quaint and lovely suite not far from where I will be attending the annual respiratory event..
Here for a light dinner at the Nikki beach cafe. Got to say, nice decor. Bright white and neutrals make a nice touch..
Busy busy busy.
SLATE. part 2 #MAGICLV
Check in lines are long
Its been forever since I been here.
Movies with sissy poo!
Graduation!
:'( 5 days went by too fast!
Ugh friken boonies
Pure aloha...it's fareeeeezing
Pure aloha!!!! Hawaiian food time!
Waiting for the fam bam to arrive
NY eve on the strip!
Larry the cable guy tonight
Luckily found the front desk amongst all the lights
Lunch:pasta &salad combo is big portions
Oxtail soup is a must. Period.
Ask for free upgrade :)
Fun place to drink and watch music.
Resort fee includes the slow speed WiFi
Bottomless Beers!!!oops I meant Buffet!
Holy shit. Parking is valet only and it's $18 even for locals!
Amazing!
Beverage service sucks. Played for 3 hours and asked for a bev server 4 times and flagged once - end result NOTHING!
Absolutely stunning!
Checked into the room and noticed that there's no refrigerator. How the hell we going keep our water cold? I am so used to having a small refrigerator back in Hawaii hotel rooms.
Oh yeeeea!
Won 130 bucks!
T&T
FT!
Fooooood!
Getting drunk so I can forget about the $100 I just lost on black jack right now.
So drunk!!!!!!
Fuck this casino, lost all my money
After 6 hours of driving we're finally here!!! Vodka tonic plz! :)
Hotel is nice, but too much walking just to get to ur car, the check in, n ur room.
Too much walking
Won myself $200 with only $2 :)
Picture with million bucks closes at 11:30pm
Million dollar photo!
Photo with $1M display
Free pull $2500
One block from Fremont Street Experience
$25 early check in fee before 4pm
Free buffet when you sign up for Player's club
The only place we could find parking. The Strip hotels are all full and no way I'm gonna valet lol
Finally here! Check-in line is so long and moving slooow!
Time to check out!
Woke up to a great view... Don't want YSB to be over yet :(
Newly renovated room is pretty nice!
Check in on facebook to get Complimentary Late Check out :)
No late check out today :(
Time to check out! Thanks for the awesome accommodation!
NO resort fee if you book through Priceline NYOP option ;) that saves you $28/day
nap time
They still don't have flat screens lol
Don't ask. It was free lol
Bed is nice though!
Finally! Yay!
Finally going to thw wildlife habitat after 3 attempts
Got tickets for Nathan Burton -- not free though
Wow this store stinks!
First stop! Finally figured out where their parking is haha ;D
Plenty of covered and surface parking
Activate HDMI port through the settings on the TV, unlike the Venetian/Palazzo who charge $100 to activate it. Took me 15 min to figure it out, but worth it once I figured it out.
$100 FEE to turn on the HDMI port on the TV!  Yes you read that correctly. They are intentionally disabled. You have to call the front desk if you want them to send a tech to your room to activate it.
Can't take outside drinks pool side because they have a bar! Have to drink it in the room! Get splaid before you go down.
Morning brunch buffet for 17.95 per person. Not a bad deal.
The pro said the machines are old. :-(
Last chance stop before heading home
Gays galore!!!!
Bedtime.
Home sweet home
Much needed shower and nap!
Party in our room!!
Best cheap shrimp cocktail.. Well worth $1.99!
Tacky central. Play video poker and get comp drinks. Just tip.
Beautiful. Inside and out.
Took mom and dad here to see Elvis. They absolutely loved it. Aria is a must see- beautiful inside and out.
Beautiful!!!
Wish there was more shopping...
The casinos smell like ass and there's crackheads everywhere but something about the old school mystique just keeps bringing me back.
No chairs at Vegas Streats means sitting down inside the air conditioned El Cortez.
My first time ever in Old Vegas and I LOVED IT. I'm usually on the new side of Vegas, but I was very impressed with the hotel, polite hotel staff, casino, cafe, and accommodations. Starbucks inside!!!!!!
TOTAL DUMP. Aka "penthouse suite" unit?!??
Loved our Penthouse suite.
$1 shrimp cocktails too good to be true... It's two spoons of micro shrimp over cocktail sauce over shredded celery. Tasty snacking but not the same as up the street.
LOL!!! They have a Hooters Hotel!
"Are you guys Pager Friendly?"
This is where we r staying! Feels like Hawaii lol!
We HIGHLY recommend staying here. 2 words: "Lazy River" ...3 more words: "King Size Bed"
Last day - checking out in a few. Tahiti Village, it's been a blast!
HI! We r here for the Buffet!
This place is way cooler than I expected
This is an EPIC hotel
Jabbawockeez show!! Yay!
We meet again!
Sammich check in.
Day 1!
Let the shenanigans begin!
Commence Operation VCEK
Getting ready!
$17.70 for a Modelo tall boy. WTF.
Despite the "free valet" signs, it is not free.  It's $12. Or you can spend $10 on gambling or eat/drink there.
Ghetto as hell!
To add
Interesting
Awesome.
Beautiful..great service..
Well..nice..really nice
Bite!
Fancy
Passing through
Buffet pass
Back here again
Had no choice but to buy VIP tickets to see the jabawakeez
JabbawockeeZ!
Jello shots like whaaaat
$1 hold em
$1 whatever
Dukedom or bust
Really bad hotel, pay more get better room.
Walking sucks
2nd to last
The duke says, don't come here
Buffet that's never crowded
Time to party!
Taking the tram
Vegas finally!
Gotta wake up early fo the neon tour?!
Quick break before the night starts!
Up up here we go[go]! (64th floor)
Line at spicy is ridiculous
Sideswipe live show. Suppose to b action packed!
All rights, let's see what's up
Couldn't find the buffet, so we left lol
Tram to other hotels stops at 10:30
Buyin show tickets
Jabbawockeez show
A jello shot for the road
I have arrived!!
Free show Sideswipe live.
You have to pay for EVERYTHING. You can't even get a cup of water with your order at most places
The gym is kinda ghetto...
Don't go to the Starbucks in the casino. Really rude staff & prices are even more then regular Starbucks!
Much needed vacation!
Totally, Totally amazing and a never-ending place to enjoy the best of best service. Spectacular!
Parlay bid for football teams.
Nathan Burton Comedy Show is awesome !
I really expected more of this hotel. Rooms are very tailored and personal. Guest service wasn't to friendly and welcoming.
This hotel is one of the best. Club, bars, restaurants, and shops are top of the line.
Quick check-in , toilet broken! That's a no no!
their bathrooms r amazing & restroom staff so nice
AAA DISCOUNTS  saved some money...
On the was way home hungover...stop at raffles! They are awesome.
Right now, The Palazzzo's public areas are nicely decked out with the colors and blooms of spring--well
Right now, The Palazzzo's public areas are decked out with the colors and blooms of spring--well worth a look.
Really long lines at the registration lobby.
clean comfortable room ....great staff..quiet in the evening.
Yay! I can handle the hot! Our waitress Celine made me try a little on my medium wings..she said I could handle it! Great server!
star trek convention!
star trek convention!
last day of trek con :(
comedy club... need a good laugh!
Trek convention!
trek!
their gym facilities suck so much... :P
cheap room!
don't waste your money on the gym facilities... suck SO much
Yelp Spring Break
no toucans here... f this
valet is slow
Scott the Valet lead helped us out SO much
Amazing!
Yanet was awesome!
Mini-honeymoon!
our room didnt have a blowdryer and comforters
Yay! I'm here
mini-honeymoon
best spa ever
gym is nice!
That was a dissatisfying round of video poker. Got a weird vibes from those machines.
The premium executive suite w 2bdrm master, 3baths, bar, living room, outdoor balcony is where it's at!! ESP after hiking the Grand Canyon!!
This is one of the best hotels in Las Vegas. It's clean, elegant, virtually smoke free and has great restaurants.
Showstoppers was a great show! Family friendly.
Aria is located at City Center. It's a very modern and cold looking place. All the dark colors give the place a depressing feel.
The suites are very pretty. Make sure you ask for a strip view.
Buffet here sucks monkey butt!! Go eat at Main Street's one a few blocks down instead.
Beautiful!!!
Celebrating Girl's Day...Namaste mode in effect...
Bed makes my back hurt.  Heater doesn't stay warm. No refrigerator or wifi in classic double queen.  The pillows poke.
Employee tried to offer us a free night's stay despite our heavy boxes and the fact that we were asking for directions to the conference.
I like that there's a hot water dispenser and a variety of teas (Chai, English breakfast, and Lipton) set out.  I love the clear desk top.
$10 steak n lobster...yum!
Bowling with the family.
Having breakfast before a long day at Jury Duty
And it begins....
Girls' Weekend
took a pic w/1 million dollars...I can do that at work!! ps: it's stinky here
downtown's best!
sexcalibur
upgrade!!
dropping off devlin ;)
identity membership is good for gaming, dining, & shopping!!
casino renno looks nice...
Can't wait to jump in the lazy river! It's 106 degrees!
Free upgrade to a suite.... sweet!
Good food and service. A great local place!
Checking out, it was fun
Grabbing complimentary breakfast, yum
Hanging out at a party. Food is pretty good, the HOTEL is nice
Great Hotel, fun for our boys .....
Very spacious and family friendly so far...
Park on the top level for a great view of the strip!
Pick your fun: Dueling pianos, authentic Irish Pub, Roller-coaster, sports book to watch today's games!
If you are looking for a quiet business and extended stay hotel in Las Vegas, this is it.
Not really a "fitness center" more like a broom closet with a couple machines.
Greatest hotel ever. The Momofuku suite of restaurants is located next door, there are TVs in the bathroom mirrors, and there is a big fitness center and a huge pool, with personal cabanas (I did get a special rate though).
Yep...cheap...but relatively clean...deep locals discount when you join their code program.
Terrible would not recommend !!!
I strongly agree Ty
$2.50 draft pints at the bar on non show nights
Nonsmoking Venue :)
Rest In Peace Wayne Static
I love this place. NO attitude and super cheap especially if you know how to get to the top like a local
Gorgeous
No bird show any more. Bring it back!!!
$5 resort fee a night. And why are they charging me for a meal I never had?
Could use a microwave and more tv channels, but nonetheless a Good deal for $40 a night and they no longer have coffee makers in the rooms. They improved the wi-fi speed since my last visit.
They closed down their mini mart, And are currently resurfacing their parking lot.
Their new mini mart sux, the old one was better because they better prices. Might as well go to CVS on The Strip.
They advertise as hi speed wifi but more like snail speed, also they upgrade rooms for members only on their website. Loud ass a/c that barely works. HoJo is next door is luxury compared to ABV.
Strong WiFi, half a block from Convention Center and The Strip, plus no resort fee.
The manager let me check in early at 11am for free. Now that is true customer service.
The have an incredible bad smell.  When was the last remodel 20 years ago?   RUN
If you drive an electric car, park at: Mandalay Place, Mandalay Bay or MGM Grand. No one at Luxor know where the chargers are or how to use them. This is a photo of the charging station in  the valet area that they didn't even attempt to use.
Playing Bingo with my SIS and Melanie!!!
Watching Christina Perri with Lara
Watching Queens of the Stone Age
Always wanted to stay at this casino hotel - finally I did.  I'm in the 1200 sq ft suit  1 bedroom With Mom -
It has a Starbucks!!
Nice big rooms.
Beautiful use of reds and purples.
Nice rooms and bathroom. But $30 to use the gym!?!? No thanks!
I liked the room but the bathroom towels are crappy and there are not enough power outlets.
The rooms have this computer/ipad thing to control the curtains, lights and tv. It is pretty fun but not awesome when you have a 2yr old.
There are three big pools, a couple of hot tubs and one pool at the Liquid Lounge.
Beautiful hotel!! 20% off at MOzen for locals.
Let's do this! Win baby win
Our free two night stay hotel. This hotel looks amazing!!!!!
Good bye. :(
Too tired to drive back to the Strip so checked into the hotel. Great deal, now time for some zzzzz's!
Piss poor customer service at the front desk - reserved non smoking king room, but they're all out and they don't give a damn.
Love from the 16th floor. This hotel is amazing.
The place is falling apart. If we didn't already pay on Expedia, we would have bailed. It just was not particularly clean.
Ascend.
Tub in room. Check. Cool decor, check. Big fluffy bed. Check. View of air conditioner and wall from room. Wahp whap!
I'm growing to like the purple walls. The staff here is really great.
Working nights, the 24 hour bar is very appreciated.
It's not that they are a gay hotel, or a swinger hotel. It's just that they are very very very gay and swinger  friendly.
Pool parties, turns out they are tough for people working nights.
The jackhammering in the lobby drove me off. Currently in remodeling.
Las Vegas Roller Derby!
Riding the gondola
Here to see Cirque du Soleil Ka with Rick Haberman. Thank you, Julie Starr!
Our Las Vegas "home.
Heading out for a day of sight seeing at the Grand Canyon!
Enjoying a lazy morning. )O(
Loving this week in fabulous Las Vegas!
Checking out soon. Detailed review will follow.
Lunchtime!
Complain if anythings wrong; ie stained towels, not the room you wanted, anything, they will take off the 'resort fee' as an apology.
Sky parade
No complimentary wifi :(
Was here in '09. Today it's twisted metal and rubble. Can't wait for the new observation wheel behind it to be finished.
There are promoters crawling near check in, BOO!
Amazing rooms. Amazing atmosphere. Great pool, fantastic architecture,  worth your money if you want a Las Vegas environment and the quiet and peace of seclusion from the noise and tourism groups. A place to get away for sure.
Great welcoming staff to this new casino with hip vibe and really great decor. We will be retuning again. Thank you The Downtown Grand for a great evening!
Not the best customer service on the casino floor.
Play the "Free Games" slot machine. Chances of winning are high because you win free spins.
Great concierge desk-they even printed our boarding passes for us.
Beautiful. Spotless.
Here just to stroll around.  If you've never been here before, it's very easy to get lost there's so much to do.  Bad omen...when we first walked in, I dropped a buck in the big slot machine by the entrance and it ate my dollar...BASTARDS!!!
Here we are...Momma's and my 39th Wedding Anniversary!!!  Spending the weekend in Vegas!!!  Woot...woot!!!
If you don't mind the time share spiel this is a beautiful hotel to stay at
Bla
Room is spacious but the couch looks like pornos have been shot on it and the light fixtures are filthy gross. Not a good first impression.
Valet pickup takes forever. Ur killing my buzz!
This place sucks. I just got back to the hotel, HOPING to get some rest and the room is still unclean at 4pm unacceptable!
Masquerade in the sky was like a bad episode of glee. :)
Top notch. Going to see Le Reve. This place is immaculate
Try the biscuit and gravy.
Valet is a nightmare. Hope criss angel is awesome!
Valet sucks. Slowwwwww!!! Rooms r overpriced
Badass place!
My favorite downtown casino. It's geared towards The young and fun.
Just lost a grip....but damn the dealers r fine...
Love it here! The new remodel Job is amazing.
Feels like home
They are not getting better. It's getting worse.
I highly suggest you consider not staying here. WORST elevators in the world. I waited around for a stupid elevator more than I did anything else.
The elevators suck balls!
Really cool restaurant called genuine food and drink. Make it a stop, if even to walk around and look.
3 dollars coronas and modelos by the arcades.
for vegans go the food court. They have a pizzeria di enzo. I got a great spinach wrap with grill veggies.
They have vegan sandwiches by the julius ceasar statue
Finally
Another smoky casino. Penny machine ate up my money. Home of the playboy club, moon, and ghost bar. Beautiful view
Oui oui!
Nice big hotel. Smoky casino. A bit confusing to navigate  like most casinos.
Min bid $10 at blackjack tables and roulette
So you fancy huh
Min bid $5 blackjack, security guards check ids
Driveway between Bellagio and the Cosmopolitan. Difficult to find and get into due to pedestrians.
Helllooooo Vegas! Great to see you again!
Swanky!! Home away from home for the weekend
Home away from home for the weekend
Only stay in west tour! Rooms look modern, updated. Trust, u don't want to see what the other towers look like.
Great hotel! See review
We came, I spent money, we left.
They frown upon picking up your woman and tossing her in the air!
Where we are staying.
This has to be the most boring hotel in Vegas. Thank goodness the monorail runs through here!
Checking out.
Quick, cheap, and good!
Full pay jacks or better to the left of main entrance
Billboard music awards here today. Going celebrity sighting
10am poker tournament. I don't want to sell my hair to a wig shop
10am poker tournament $70
Casino hopping!
Watching the fellas bet on football game...
Checking in
Good night! Zzz
More drinking in the hotel room
Good night folks!
Back at the hotel...
Checking out
This place is old needs to be renovated. The corridor smells. The Mandalay (adjacent to Luxor) is better! The elevators are scary beware!
Just stayed here!!.. Pretty decent, waaaayyy better than Luxor. The deep sinking bathtub is amazing and the plantation doors are nice also
For Yelp Elite event!
Now #happyhour #HH starts at 2pm.
Park in the structure and get it validated at the casino cashier for free parking.
Last chance!
I honestly prefer staying here over venetian any day.
Love this hotel because it doesn't take forever to get in and out of your hotel room (no casino).
Saw puck from glee!
Loved that is was a non casino hotel, and great location! The sofa bed is pretty awful tho.
Surprisingly decent beef hor fun!
I love their suite :)
Home for the weekend!
Bachelorette penthouse!
Getting a room to party at Rehab!
My only negative was being charged for having packages delivered. Never heard of this before and if there is a flat fee per box or per day fine but I was taxed.
Awesome food and showers.  Open bar.   Staff is very attentive.
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my rates @ NYNY before you book your trip!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my rates @ Paris before you book your trip!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my rates @ Venetian before you book your trip!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my rates @ MGM before you book your trip!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my rates @ MGM!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my rates @ Mandalay Bay before you book your trip!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my rates @ Mandalay Bay!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my rates at Four Seasons before you purchase your hotel for Vegas  http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my rates @ Palazzo before you book your trip!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my rates @ ARIA before you book your trip!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my rates @ Vdara before you book your trip!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my rates @ Cosmo!!! I can also do guestlist at any nightclub or pool party in Vegas! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
If you're looking to earn premium gifts like cirque du Soleil, cash & buffets contact me while you're in Vegas to tour one of our lovely resorts with your significant other! Call/text 701-361-1830
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
If you would like to earn premium gifts for attending a 90 min resort tour please call me at 701-361-1830. We provide cash, buffets, premium show tickets etc
We offer premium show tickets, gaming or cash just for taking a look at this resort! Call me at 701-361-1830 to set up your appointment (we give up to $150 cash!) no deposits required
Check out my hotel rates!! We offer rate match guarantee so if you find a better rate somewhere else we'll match it!!! http://www.christallestravels.clientivity.com/m/mobile-home-2.php
Lappert's ice cream, crack seed, musubi, saimen, oxtails soup/stew and they speak Aloha
Text 702-900-1767 for all bottle service and stripclubs. Plan ahead as the prime slots get taken up especially for summer!!   For a quicker response text: Name Date  M/f count  Venue
Walking distance to Drais Beach Club/ Drais Nightclub at The Cromwell! Text 702-900-1767 for Guestlist to other hot clubs and pool parties such as XS, Surrender, Hakkasan, Marquee, Encore Beach Club. Strip club, complimentary entry also a available along with hotel discounts below direct booking pricing.  For a quicker response text: Name Date  M/f count  Venue
702-900-1767 for all stripclubs and bottle service at all venues!
Text 702-900-1767 for all bottle service and stripclubs. Plan ahead as the prime slots get taken up especially for summer!!   For a quicker response text: Name Date  M/f count  Venue
Lots to do and see here!  Join me!;)
If you go here, clowns will eat you. At least you'll have saved a lot of money... that's the cost of going to a family-friendly casino.
Little girls will murder you in the hallway - they're watching you as you read this! Creepy hotel.
My favorite hotel in Vegas! Opulent, the definition of New Vegas.
Hotel rooms aren't bad, and less creepy  than the Monte Carlo...
Not a bad place to stay. They have lions! Real ones.
25-minute check-in time... holy shit. Yes, it is New Years weekend, but more staff would make sense, no?
Lovely rooms! Shame it's an off-Strip hotel, but you can't beat their deals sometimes.
Kids day @ the movies!
@ the diamond lounge
Wutang and moooob deep!
Not too shabby... Rush Tower is pretty swanky!
Delivering a wedding cake. Steph n Brian
Don't stay here. Rooms r old n not clean. It is NOT worth the cheap price. I'd rather pay $50 more per night for a clean room.
Not very nice, but under $60 a night!!
Busy tables tonight
Try the coffee shop
Love Espressamente
Try the simon restaurant
The lillie's Stir fry is AWESOME.
This hotel has a kitchen
The coffee at the cafe uses illy coffee
Wow what a face lift
The coffee shop, cheap and good Chinese food.
Has a western union inside.
Great place to lose money
Dinner and Weird Al. Life is good.
More karaoke?
Next to Park.
$13 to Valet. $8 for 4 hour valet.
Fright Dome!  Teenie Boppers galore and long lines....
Service andthe employee personalities were amazing!!!! Check out SaoPaul Cafe-sooooo good for breakfast!
Yo quiero taquitos
Dress comfortable , but nice as the places we went were all on the nicer side,but our guide and the staff made us feel very welcome!  Best tip ever come hungry and you're going to walk away feeling like you had a complete meal.
Search local Vegas websites and tour magazines for COUPON to use for shows.
My favorite Vegas Staycation. Pool. Lazy river. Wave pool. Shark Reef. Ri Ra, Burger Barn, Red Square and many other restaurants.
Oxtail soup is always amazing after a long night of partying.
Get soup/salad with your entree and split w/ a friend.
haze is jumping
Bathroom lights going on and off while you're in the shower sucks.
Hmmm, there's a lot of girl on girl couples at this hotel.
Nothing compares to the awkwardness of being in an elevator with a guy trying to have small talk with his escort who was dressed to the 9s and carrying her PTA tote bag so she 'blended' in. Gotta love Vegas. FYI, you need to swipe your key card in order to get to your floor.
yes, smoke free!
Cool, they have parking reminder cards.
One of my fave hotels
Be prepared to walk up flights of stairs because their elavators don't work in the parking garage.
Valet only!  Keep your key card with you at all times, security is a little heavy and the key card is needed for pm access on the elevator.
Nothing like waking up to the sounds of other people taking showers, the lawn being mowed, and housekeeping staff talking in the hallway.
5:00-6:30 free cocktail party by the pool for guests! Order at the bar and enjoy!
Smoke free gambling!
Rooftop pool and bar area has a great view of the strip.
Looking pretty good after all these years and a remodel!
Next to Denny's
Great pool scene!
Decadence at it's finest!!
Vegan dining at its best !
A beautiful mothers day lunch  at Tableau with my 2 B's and Josh
Smudge for the kids and Crazy Love for the adults!
Adult time;)
Dinner with friends
It's girls night out an it's time to party!
Official holiday season begins for the Chamberlin Houssels family!! Nevada Ballet presents The Nutcracker!!!
Buying trip for men's clothing for Vasari !!
More decadence !
Dinner awaits us... Love the energy hear!
A beautiful evening with friends for an awesome cause.. Boystown Las Vegas!
So proud of my business partners.. Getting ready to share in their receiving a very special patent award at today's event!
No kids!!
It's cocktail time and gosh darn it I have earned it!!!
Fily time
Concert time with Jason Mraz
There is a second Starbucks near Lillie's Asian restaurant which is less crowded than the one in the front of the casino.
Martin Short tonight
Concierge can be very slow in the late morning.  Try early afternoon if you can.
Ka
Yahtzee's Crapsfest
Come for the scenery.  Share a Mountain Brownie Sundae
A Choreographers Showcase
No smoking no casino hotel. Off strip. Nice clean rooms. Fully equipped gym with a great tea and some apples. I really like the fruit parfait at the snack bar. Would definitely come back here.
Monday night room rate was good.
Love it here! The virgin pina coladas are amazing!
Cornbread with maple butter is the bomb!
Totally worth it for interiors and view from top floor rooms  135-30% for ca residents  Can't beat that  Don't expect young crowds:( 45-65 that's the age around here  Everything inside is top notch Forget the gourmet burger place - sucks
Take top floor 12 if possible   Even two queen with the vegas sky line is worth it if they do t have King
Overall great hotel nice clean modern  Smells good in the rooms  Great beds  Is it worth strip prices - no  And omg paper thin walls knock knock   I would use your points to stay here - that's a good deal
Possible CHEAP DATES on Wednesdays for Seniors at this casino! :-)   1. Yes, I often bring my wife over here on Wednesdays for CHEAP DATES over a $4 movie for Seniors.  - Hey! All its theatre has Reserved, Luxury Recliner Seats!  2. FREE small cup of Starbucks coffee to ALL player-card holders on Wed in January!   3.  MONTHLY SPECIAL OFFERS, too!  - See Pic for details   Jan 2017
It's FULL of HAPPY people EVERYWHERE!  - But it's totally worth the pushing and shoving!  BE one of the CROWD, and lose yourself in the contagious, joyful, festive excitement and beauty!   HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE! Best Wishes out of Bellagio Conservatory in its spectacular,  festive magnificence!
H u r r y!  Jeff Bridges and the Abiders, concert at the Red Rock Casino's Rocks Lounge.  1. It's Very entertaining! Very loud! His lovely, talented daughter, Jessie opens the show!  2. THE very LAST Concert is TODAY, Sat, 06.21.14.   3. Buy tickets at the box office at Stations, or online  https://redrock.sclv.com/Entertainment/Concerts-and-Events.aspx  4. Go there an hr early to get in line for good seats.
(a) $2 tequila drinks in 2nd Fl., Tequila Bar, 5-7pm, Wed-Sun!   (b) $4 movies BEFORE 4pm showtime for SENIORS, during WEEKDAYS!
Miguel's Tequila Bar's Happy Hour (5-7, Wed-Sun) NO LONGER OFFERS $2 tequila drinks!  - It's now $3 for tequila well-drinks, tequila shots  and beers! NOT as good as before, BUT still a bargain! Besides, you can order happy hour drinks yourself and bring them to Miquel's Restaurant, too, if you like. By the way, the Tequila Bar crew is consistently much more friendly than those downstairs.
$3 drinks in its Tequila Bar upstairs, 5-7pm, Wed-Sun is not bad!
A CHEAP DATE  1. Movie, $4 (SENIORS before 4pm); $5, Tue all day;   2. Hot Dog, $0.75, (before 5pm or till sold out);  3. Beer, Wine, Tequila drinks in Tequila Bar upstairs, $3 (5-7, Wed-Sun).  -Take a walk/hike in nearby Exploration Park before/after South Point, FREE
USA BMX NATIONAL RACING Schedule:  FREE to Spectators!  Sunday, Jan 15, Racing starts at 8am.   Jan 2017
First bar and grill has sole great food and drink specials
They have a walkway to fashion show mall!
Best buffet... For the price! Great location. Beautiful pool. If you are looking for an off strip casino this is it!!
Not sure how I feel about the location? Safe? I'd say not. Mixed parking with the stores... Does not make me feel to happy
Buffet Tip: Get to the pepperoni pizza before its gone! And beware of the mashed potatoes, as they're pretty tasty and easy to fill up on.
Sky suites
May the 4th be with you, you fuckers!
Ahhh...spa day
Ahhh...
More pool fun
Checking in to enjoy some more sun..pool all day again..
So sad it closed. Cheap games. Cheap drinks. Cheap yet awesome $6.99 prime rib. Ugh! :(
They should rename this joint to "The Hawaiian". Good little casino.
Hawaiian vodka at Dave's bar upstairs. Organic certified! Follow us on Facebook!
$2 Corona or Heineken at the bar. Drink up kitties!
$.25 roulette. It's a terrible game with astronomical odds in favor of the house, but fun to play for a couple bucks.
Carson tower king at Golden Nugget Las Vegas. Follow us on Facebook!
Take the free shuttle bus from Ballys on the strip to the Rio. Gold Coast is right next door.
Take the free shuttle bus from Ballys on the strip to the Rio. Also, Gold Coast is right next door and the Palms is across the street.
Take the tram that connects Excalibur, Luxor, and Mandalay Bay.
Go during the day in the beginning of the week. You'll be the only one there. The whole casino floor is yours!
The movie "Casino" was filmed here. The movie was based on a true story at the Stardust. The 'Tangiers hotel & casino' was just a cover name.
The movie "21" had some scenes filmed here.
Be sure to hit this place in the early am for it's entertainment value. The drunks are passing by on their way home and the hookers do a shift change at the bar ~5:30am.
$1 beers. Stay away from the frozen $1 drinks. If beer isn't for you, just order your favorite liquor drink. It's reasonably priced.
Comped beers are draft beers, not bottles.
Cheap drinks at the bar.
Take the free shuttle bus from Ballys on the strip to the Rio. Gold Coast is right next door and the Palms is right across the street.
Some full pay 9/6 video poker machines can be found on the casino floor. Keep your eyes peeled!
Get your delicious craft beers at the casino bar for $1.75! They are way more in the 777 brewery restaurant. Stay thirsty my kitties!
Berlin Wall in the men's litter box!
Derby! .25
Nice!
LOL--Hamburger machine here!
party of 3--1 person playing on the machine. We ordered 3 drinks & the waitress says she needs 'more machines going' ... geez!
Checking in :]
Checking out :[
Free night..why not? :]
Cheap table games.
Righteous
Won a small progressive jackpot here this morning.
Get some
Only I Vegas do you have a business meeting on a noisy casino floor
Hay House Convention today. "Heal Your Life" sessions!
Wedding reception time... 4/20 wedding that is!
Courtesy cardio room on the 4th floor... Treadmills had their own fans!
Perfectly located in the center of the strip. Small rooms but we weren't in Vegas to stay in our rooms all day. Everything was comfortable. Great water pressure in the shower. Clean kitchenette with dishes for our use. Bed was surprisingly thick and comfy for a parlor bed. The location and price can't beat.
small casino but has the best shopping on a budget at the strip. Try Earl of Sandwhich and Pin-Up Pizza for eats.
Jay the Valet Manager on the Forum Shops entrance is awesome! So helpful!
DO NOT book a cabana at the pool. Its dirty& the furniture is uncomfortable. Save your money. Very disappointing!
Tana the cabana host/server is fantastic!
This place is a dump.
Cook E. Jarr at the Piano Bar!
Scooter show and shine behind the building.
Back for the all nighter!
My favorite hotel to stay in downtown. Vegas Scooter rally!
Paying $20 to check out at 3pm. Back to sleep!
The children can pass by the casino if you want go to the aquarium :)
It's not oxtail soup, but a vegetable soup with oxtail in it, Fremont has the real oxtail soup
Your ordinary buffet on the left side, On the right side, is a wanna be Hawaiian, oriental food, but it's not, It's dissapointing, embarrassing for Hawaii people.
Very nice casino, Thats y it's always crowded, y don't the other casinos downtown get it
It's not as good as before, it changed a lot since, plus the worker's will get mad at you when you make a mess at the buffet line
Hardly any poker machines
Ha ha
Best in Las Vegas. Greate. Experiance  good company. To visit  eat and drink
They have $1 black jack tables. But be prepare to play with people that splits 10s.
7Stars and Diamond Lounge located near the Augustus Tower.
Nice place away from the Las Vegas strip. The drive is about 20 minutes without traffic from Caesars.
The sky lobby is located on the 23rd floor.
Self parking is shared with Planet Hollywood Casino and the Miracle Mile.  Self parking is free or valet for $15 per day.
HGVC_ELARA is the name of their wireless network. It is password protected. You can obtain the password from the front desk when checking in. During the initial sign on process,  it will also give you another password that is used when roaming the property.
Nice lounge
Free Wi-Fi up to 4 devices. You don't have to be a member of the Marriott Rewards to obtain the benefit.
Seriously one of the best hostels I've ever stayed at. Highly recommend!!
Rudest front desk people ever I didn't bother staying after I paid. Screw that ill spend my money elsewhere! Hate you guys
Great cheap hotel with amazing bar up top
Fetish party tonight
Parking is weird
Woohoo, won $150 on Wheel of Fortune slot machine!!
Hotel number two
Time to relax!
Club XS
Saw a roach climbing up a bathroom wall
Small gaming area. Limited eateries. Smells like bad seafood on the casino floor when you walk by the main restaurant yikes!
If your going to marquee to party hit the valet parking, should be worth it if not full
Yea....no sweat.....dont frett...in we shall check
Boom
City suite room...bomb
Bad info given by ticket booth lady informed us 10pm beeGees show. We raced to hotel only to find out no 10pm show-only 7pm. Wasted our time & gas. Lame.
Park at the Hilton if you are coming over for the Roller Derby.
Bingo.24 hours.
Your best bet is to reserve lounge chairs by the pool in advance for $25 a piece. Otherwise you most likely will not be able to lay by the pool.  Also bring your own K-cups for the Keurig coffee maker.
Choose the breakfast voucher as your SPG Platinum gift! Their restaurant Suede does a great job with it.
All rooms are non-smoking so you won't be inundated with the smell of cigarettes!  Although the rooms themselves are smoke-free, the Casino floor is not. It's barely noticeable, though... Westin goes as far as to pump fresh air into casinos while venting out the smoky air.
Goodbye NY, NY! Until next time!
And the nominee for worst smelling hotel/casino is...drumroll please...THE VENETIAN!
Nastayy! Room smells musty, and the crowd around here is wack!
1 star review pending asap!
Oh, you would like to check out by phone? Haha riiiiight! You can, only if you are one of the lucky few who can magically get them to answer the phone!
My favorite on the Strip
Nice and comfortable sports book.  But it is relatively small.
Smell:  not so good
Great shuttle service.
After being here for five days, I can say this is a really good spot.
Much better looking and functioning sports book than Ceasar's.
Sports book NOT filled with knuckleheads.  Good thing.
Time to collect on todays's NFL action!
Ooooh Capriotti's sandwich shop! Imma bout to kill this 20 inch chicken cheese steak....
Checking out the Christmas display at their conservatory and botanical gardens! Always a sight to see.
Watchin' the JABBAWOCKEEZ!! Big bro hooked up the awesome floor tix!!
Picking up tickets for tomorrow night's Terry Fator show!
Our anniversary gift to ourselves: gonna catch Cirque Du Soleil's Mystere tonight!
I love this Casino!! Gonna hit up the Feast Buffet for lunch and try Larry David's "chat and cut" maneuver at the line!
Rioooooooo
Great customers service! Rooms are huge!
RUDE! I stood in the priority Hyatt Passport member line, and the check in receptionist told me that there's a regular line!! I am a Hyatt Platinum Passport member!! Racist!!
Book early, it's worth every dollar.
$4.25 gets you a hot dog and a beer. Can't beat that deal. Also $.99 newcastles.
Shoe sale
Lee's event on may 5th - I'm glad I got a room
I'm excited for the zombie walk
Eating at the Cafe with top some bong sucky sucky 5 dolla
Checking in to the hotel then off to the pool an Lavo with DJ Vice
Penthouse reservations for next weekend I'm
Jabbawockeez is performing
Jabbawockeez...enough said.
Lion King!
Slots and more slots
Home away from home
Home sweet home for a while.
Thanks Encore. Great 5-star experience!
In Sin city for Easter. A little bit of heaven and hell this fine weekend!
Styke N Ags before bed
Doin' the SLS walk through.
Rack up ur player points for extravaganza weekends
Off the strip, perfect choice! Free wifi, free breakfast & cocktail hour, comfy beds, suite-living!
You gotta play to win mega bucks
Abra Cadabra were up in VDARA!
Wraparound suite and don't forget to wrap up!
Check out the fountain show at night!
Gondola rides
Watch your hotel bill for extra charges but they help you with corrections.
Keep walking the strip to the mirage or TI.. It's a long walk to catch the tram!
Good deal to get to vegas on the less expensive side
They charge $3 for parking now, as of two weeks ago which I guess was late January/ early February.
Awesome spring display with tons of tulips and a real butterfly enclosure!!
It's raining in Vegas.
Summer time in Vegas :)
Weekend with the girls :)
Yay! Vegas!!
They have beer pong...oh my!
Its been a year since the last time i was in vegas. So much has changed:)
Our Family Vacation starts now:)
Celebrating our 8th Wedding Anniversary in Scottsdale:)
Hmmm.. So far we have been in line to check in for 30 minutes.
So shiny and clean!
Checking into the right tower saves time
Nice free water show!
givenchy.
Best hotel in the world.
We just saw Bill Murray in the lobby!
Five words: Five star hotel with balconies.
Five stars all the way...
Tip to management: For the indoor/outdoor tea garden - dim the lights a little bit and take the obnoxious "No Swimming After Dark" signs off the wall. It would make for a much nicer atmosphere! I don't understand why the swimming signs are in the lobby to begin with?? They should be moved out to the pool area!
Please get rid of the "No Swimming" signs in the hotel lobby! :( Move them to the pool deck...
A stunning hotel in every sense.
Lady Gaga always stays here!
N9NE.
Valet at Palms Place is the best, walk over to the casino.
Honestly, I think people are upset because the new owners aren't as customer oriented or locally focused as the Maloofs are! But to say that it's "rundown"? No. Physically, the property has never looked better! The public areas have been entirely re-done, the original hotel rooms have been entirely re-done, and the whole hotel has a chic, clean, modern feel. Plus, they still have the Fantasy Tower, and yes, those suites still run up to five figures per night.
Fantasy Tower is on fire tonight, metaphorically speaking. ;)
Fountains run every 15 minutes after 8:00 p.m.
The only Mandarin Oriental on the West Coast and the very best Mandarin Oriental outside of Asia. Probably the best Mandarin Oriental, period.
2015 Forbes Four Star Hotel
They fly an equality flag out front next to the American flag. :)
love the cosmo.
Beware of the Negative Nancy's on Yelp and go see the hotel for yourself. A lot of people on here are just hating to hate OR they're upset because opening night was crowded and they couldn't get in...
"Disappointed" reviews keep comparing the hotel design to The Cosmopolitan. "It needs to look like The Cosmo," says one reviewer... The Cosmopolitan cost $4 BILLION to build.... SLS had a budget of $415 million, so.....
It's also strange to me that the locals are the ones hating on this hotel. We need this hotel to do well, you guys....
Caesar's is investing $223 million to completely re-do the property. New hotel in October should be NICE!
Closing: October 30, 2014
Closing: October 30, 2014
THIS HOTEL IS CLOSED. Yelp, please, do your job for once and remove the listing....
Interior design is bomb dot com! I love the lobby and the rooms.
The 24/7,coffee shop is not good. Rice was soggy and chicken tasteless. Stay away.
I wrote a tip on how soggy the rice was and how tasteless the chicken was. I eat and gamble at the Palm 2x week. I told Susan the manager about my meal. She actually told me if I eat their often they are entitled to serve me a bad meal once. I told her when I was a lawyer I can win 10 cases for you but if I lose a case, you will go to another lawyer. Her attitude was harsh and demeaning. I will not be returning to the Palm.
Do not eat in the coffee shop. The food is awful, and the service is very slow. I had better French toast in hash houses. The bread they serve was also terrible. Even the crackers were stale. Go to Wendys.  Stay away.
I am disabled and needed help to enjoy the comedy show in the Ravello Lounge and to gamble. Mark Hunter who works there could not do enough to help me. He is kind and a real gentleman. I enjoyed the show and the crap game. Mark did for me what other casinos could not.
Step Up 3d here I come
Lovely cabana for old school Las Vegas
Love the bar by the Village Seafood buffet
Eh
Penn & Teller!!!!
Love this place:-)
Amazing hotel:-)
Great place to relax during the holidays! View from 39th floor. ...sad that Christmas tree is removed on the 26th ...should be celebrating till the 7th of Jan.
It's always a great stay. However if you ever want to take a picture w xmas decorations and tree at lobby, do it early cuz they take it down by end of dec 25!
Room 4325 great view of strip from bed & jacuzzi- corner suite! Cons: adjacent to train tracks - loud trains at 4 & 8am
12 years of slavery... 50+ on Tuesday $4 matinee - great movie theater; best sounds
Family friendly! No gambling! No self parking - have to park at cosmo,
35th floor - best views - not too high
Perfect resort to spoil yourself during #rnrlv #stripatnight weekend - view from 37th floor
Like the outdoor decks & japanese soaking tub. Same idea for home when we redesigned bathroom suite w/ shower window to bdrm -should have!
Local residents get room discounts!
One last hurrah before it shuts down.
Try The Hangover slot machine over by Rock's Lounge..it's really fun and I just won over $100 on it.
Double lock the door and leave a "do not disturb" sign!! Around 9am, the house keeper will knock on the door and attempt to open the door two seconds later. It's hard to heard them knock cuz the sound isolation sucks. Ur not sure which door they're knocking. And they can't really hear you unless you yell "do not come in."
The bathroom vent is super loud.
Souvenir drink collector: They carry the silver boots & golden boots.
Gold Bar ATM machine.
Nice size room with nice cool AC to come back to after we are out and about at the hot Vegas heat.
They accept  furry  friends (dog).
hotel hopping lol.. checking in!
We're hereeeee!! :)
Deceptively filling!
If you consider ownwrship here make sure Laurel from Ohio helps you.  She's one of the most astute and caring saleapeople on the planet!
Hide ypur snacks. Housekeeping ate my cashews and a plum. I am on day 2 of a 4 day stay.
Playing roulette
Beautiful concert venue
$25 late fee for checking in early when rooms are available.  That's insane. We'll see what management says tomorrow.
They raised PBR prices at the venue by $1. A large cup now costs $12.
Augustus Tower complimentary morning coffee and tea!
WSOP Main Event tomorrow!
It's a little taste of Hawaii in Las Vegas. Best Oxtail Soup served after 11 pm.
Mom just won $1400!  Yipee!
Hawaiian favorite.  Island friendliness in some workers, not all.  Some are really sad and grouchy!
Best breakfast buffet using Cal Aloha book!
Spring Wine fest a bust due to rain.
Stay in the Fantasy Tower.  The upgrade is worth it. Very quiet with nice views from the top floors.  Aveda bath products a plus.
Get in for free and skip the long tix line with a LV PowerPass. (pass is $50-$80)
Great hotel + convenient location.  Always clean, staff are always friendly and prompt with service.  Love this hotel!
Very nice, newly remodeled hotel with knowledgable and friendly staff.  Front desk, telephone, bfast buffet and airport shuttle guys are all knowledgable and courteous.  Pleasant stay!
This place beats Bellagio! Gaming area very elegant and nicest dealers. People friendly and the ambience is chill, fresh & trendy.
Casino is chill, dealers are fun, people here are great!!!
Exactly what I expect a 5 star hotel to be by Mr. Trump's standards. Luxury, friendly & professional staff. rooms are incredibly large with nice amenities!
Yeah buddy!! PH Casino rocks!!! Great music, people & lots of gaming options
This hotel offers the best accommodations and service!!!
The Suites are ridiculous!! Amenities are endless... A must stay
Formerly PH Westgate. Great service as expected from Hilton. Check-in easy room comfy & clean
We always stay at this hotel so it always feels like home.
Check-in are quite busy today!!!
Rooms are pretty nice!!!
Checked out... So SAD!!!
Won $150 from the table... It's good enough for me ;-)
Relaxation. Finally!!!!
Amazing view down to the Bellagio! Stunning rooms!
Time to watch Jabbawockeez!!!
Time to make some money!!!
Time to eat!!
Didn't know you can pick up tickets from other casinos even if they aren't showing that specific show. Nice!
Time to check out the free suite room ;)
Service is mixed.
$20 mandatory resort fee.
Day 2 of IBT Convention
Day 3 IBT Convention
Day 4 of IBT Convention
If you don't do valet, you're in for a long stroll with your luggage!
Checking out the breakfast buffet
Happy Monday!!!
Convenient self-park..
Buffet close for romodeling.
Food
Seems to be fairly renovated
Volcano show at night
Waiting for "Mr$Mrs Smith". To start playing. 10:30 and on Fremont Street.....106 degrees. Love me some Vegas!!!!!
Sad, sad stay and experience. This place needs to get blown up...figuratively speaking.
Stratosphere tower FTW
You pay for valet here now. Self-parking is $5.
Try Gordon Ramsay's BurGR
Use the Valet at Paris then make your way to PH. The PH valet is too far from the front of the casino.
Valet at Miracle Mile if Elara Valet is full
Get a downstairs room. Climbing steps in 105 temp sux.
First of the month, free tool kit at the "box office". Be prepared to wait an hour.
Pine pollen...
Wildlife fun time.
Foodie fest this weekend, y'all!
Not such A big spender but Silverton has great table dealers and great slot machines
Wow! The gambling here sure is enjoyable! I am G0LD level now! Yay!
G01D baby!
Playing video slot machines.
Slots!
At grand cafe before the games!
Haven't been here for a while! 20.00 don't fail me now! Papas gonna win some new stuff!
Here for the gun show!
With armand
Great bloody marys at the sports book bar. Service not so good...ever.
Caesar did not live here.
My favorite place!
Andrew is the man!
didnt have any WiFi connection two days in a row... :( even after its an extra charge!!!
Its scary, the later it gets the scarier it is! Ryan at the front desk is fake and pathetic, if you must stay- at least do not book online! I will definitely let everyone I know this is a horrible choice...
The buffet is worth the wait!
Wilin' out in here with the hommies!!!!
wife takin me to the seafood buffet! best late fathers day i think ill ever have. love my wife!
I dont like the company.
Service is bad
Attending the las Vegas wedding network!
No strollers allowed in hotel!
The gaming area for kids is nice.  Lots of variety
Better deals with MLife
Okay rooms and good location. Join MLife and save money.
Avoid the Grande Cafe.  You're better off with fast food.
Does this place make anyone else think of the child catcher from Chitty Chitty Bang Bang?  Whenever I see the sign out front, I hear his voice: "Come along, children.  Lollipops!" *shiver*
Come see the mermaid and all different kinda of fish swim together.
The men' s bathroom smells like marijuana
Never gonna get used to the diagonal moving elevators here
Spring Motive :D
The room is amazing. :Q
2nd night, i love the pillows!
Last day, i love this place now.
Back home again.
bowling
My home.
Place is supeeer epic.
Sexy place, nice restrooms.
Games @ the midway!
Midway & games are pretty dead on the weekdays..
Phantom of the opera!
Billboard music awards!
Cirque du soleil - mystere!
Cashin' checks and breakin' necks
Ironman tickets!!!
I'm not drinking I swear! ...ok maybe just ONE
Game night
strEATs every second Saturday of the month :)
Waiting for Wanda!!!!
Dinner & a movie
Dogs ok. :)Nice stylish newer rooms! Comfy bed, soft sheets w 4 fluffy pillows. Yummy free full breakfast. Small fridge. HD TV. Great staff.
Omg ghetto area. Avoid at all costs. Broken glass everywhere on driveways which popped my tire. Trash overflowing outside. Horrible!!
Dollar beers, free slot pay and cinnabon, omg
Timeshares... the worst scam since two tens for a fiver.
The restaurant have an amazing view!!
This place suck! If you are not the guest of the hotel you can not use their valet. I am here to see a (peeps) show and had to walk all thy way to find the theater which is located inside a casino!!! Grrrr....!!!!
Island bar .... Oh yeah!
Graveyard shift crew is mad chill
If you want an exclusive stay in Las Vegas the Signature at the MGM Grand is is first class all the way.
Saw a cockroach in food court! Gross!!
The Buffet is amazing. Thank you My Vegas Slots
Don't get a smoking room.....its a motel room outside!
Great after the DMV.
Classy place! Great pool and catering to locals. Loved the cupcakes at the little bakery which name i have forgotten.
We went here after our business was turned away from the silverton because my 10 year old daughter was not allowed in despite kids of hotel guests being  present. The silverton was a total dud compared to m resort. Love the treatment we received as locals. The infinity edge pool was awesome. Was not insanely packed like strip pools and family friendly. Free for locals on friday before noon. Well definitely return!:)
Awesome service at the Spa.
Free buffet for military with one purchase!
Fight night
Jersey boys
The rooms and the inside of the casinos are pretty nice!
Kids Day
Chamber Luncheon
The patio, the sun, the LI Iced Tea, the hummingbirds, the Robert Plant as a hippie entertainer, the bikers, all work together to make this one of our favorite places.
Party with DJDJ !
Parking is pretty easy right now.
Always use the entrance on Harmon when arriving via car.
Pretty beat up. Cute idea. Our room was thrashed. No remotes for TV or AC. Phone didn't work. No mini bar as advertised. Lots of partyers. Convienent to the Hardrock area.
Great place to see a movie and play
bingo!!
No Irish Car Bombs on St. Party's Day?!? Really?!?!?!? WTH! I'm pissed!
Very cute place this is!!!
Nice local hotel
Gondola shops are cool
Here a lot ... Miss them pirates!
Jo koy
UFC! Tito Ortiz
Pre game!
Jazz and fireworks! Freakin nice
Med group holiday party... How many pharmacy peeps???? One
Haze
Go to the chocolate box.   The macaroons are delicious.  Natalie steered us in the right direction
Great Ambience!
On our honeycatiom
Coaching & mentoring class today!
2011 Christmas party!
Way too early for work :P
I have booths to see, chefs to meet, & delicious food to eat :)
Trendiest hotel I stayed in
$160 bowl of shark fin soup...to much bean sprout.
A good place, to be
Nice renovations!
Watching Jay Leno for the 2nd time! Still TeamCoco though!
Watching Daniel Tosh!
There's two hidden Spongebobs in the Lobby fish tank! Can you find them?
Park on the 4th floor, that's where the bridge to hotel is at.
Volcano Natchos are the business! Order the 100oz Magarita!
Gigantamous!
Planet Hollywood Rocks
Nice old classic Vegas. .
Rooms that face the highway are. Very noisy
Old school moldy rooms, unless you like moldy rooms this is your kind of place.
Hehehe try my luck
Time for a show.
Prepare for long check in lines!
Work
:-((((
Avoid this casinit, sure they're all smoky but most know how to suck it out. This place relishes it. There is a thick visible old smoke haze everywhere but the room. The rooms are fine ande large. So stay here for location but spent your waking times elsewhere.
The ladies at the Boarding Pass desk were nice and helpful! They printed out my buy one get one buffet coupon that I lost! Thank you :)
$5 black jack and $10 War Omgosh!
.
Darn I lost $$$ it's ok an older casino
Penny machines galore.
Going to eat at Firelight  buffet   Omg too many buffets yummy
Walk over to see the huge fish tank at bass pro too
Nice casino. Great variety if machines and games. Also good variety of eating places
Got discounted tickets yippie
Vacation time
Winner
Another great day in the 9th island lol
Really nice hotel.  This is our first time staying here. We got comp rooms.  Room with a view of the strip. Pool too !!!
Play part one of my 2 day slot tournament. Pretty good total.
Aaaah played so many machines but no luck
Here we go. It's a new hotel. I'm going to win !!!
Shark reef!
Watching the Journey here.
Best male revenue in Vegas!
Giving this yelp thing a try . Also enjoying 1$ drinks
the water ride is the best one
Great deal when you get a reward card.  $5 off a person at the buffet.
Elegant!
Book online and save
Family fun time
Country vibe and invisible smoke everywhere.
This place is Old. A/C unit by window and loud when it goes off. But cheap rooms tho
Seeing old friend
Machete
Wish is could afford to stay here, I just came to eat at Simon. At least I can recommend that!
Vegas Baby!
Eating some subway
Nice day for football
Great place for MNF
Great place to unwind after one of those days......
Classiest hotel in Las Vegas. Hands down.
Sit at one of there many bars.
Biggest and nicest sports book in Vegas.
I love the scenery but there is a weird smell in the casino.
Back to the homeland.
I was surprised how nice this place is. The remodel was done well, I could park next to my room, the staff was friendly, etc.
To Gabba Gabba!
Craps!!
Cheap gambling and drinks!
Smaller craps tables!!
Brunch time!
First hotel in Vegas!!
Gambling
Ousters at Big Sur Oyster Bar!
If your looking for a room book in a month in advance for best rate
If you haven't seen this place since it's been renovated, you have to check it out. Really cute, especially with all the deals/specials they've been advertising on the internet or for locals. This place is well worth it!
At the pool with the babies!! Now the fun is about to begin!!!
Here for round two with the babies!!!
Milos for the best fish
$5.99 prime rib
It doesn't smell like pee (like the real NY)
Fancy
At Viva Las Vegas car show
Time for some BBQ!!
Goin to win mega bucks!
This is such a classy resort with the best staff and only a mile from the Las Vegas strip!
First time at a Diamond resort, since Diamond resorts took over our timeshare resorts... have to say the 2 bedroom condos are nice... and the place is behind security gates... only draw back is there isn't a jacuzzi tub in the master bedroom like I am use to... but I can live without it... maybe the other units have them...
First time here. Very spacious and cozy, the drawback is that it feels like an earthquake since we were on the first floor and you feel every footstep from upstairs - you better be dead tired not too feel/hear them, a little annoying. Have been staying at the Cancun Resort for the past 2 years and never had this problem.
Been here twice, never had a complain. Love their bathrooms and their pool. Would definitely recommend this place to all yelpers.
Two bedroom units are a nice alternative to a standard hotel room on the strip.
2 queen beds with a pool view - the room is bigger than the average hotel room and the bathroom is also bigger. It has a separate tub from the stand up shower and the toilet is in a separate room.
I love the sweet smell of the Aria
.sweet gym! Everything you need and it's a dream whrn no one else is in there! Salt water pool is pretty sweet too
Loved everything about it! Clean, great service, accommodating & relaxing.
Hiiiii
Avoid the timeshare stuff at all costs.
Nice place, halla
Opens end of Oct 2013, can't wait
Nice room for $57
See Daniel for all your touristy questions
Free shuttle to the Strip
No WiFi in rooms?  That sucks. Otherwise a decent place.
Just off the strip, the hotel has a shuttle that leaves on the top of the hour to two other spots on the main strip. Clean, friendly and accommodating staff. We held a reunion here and the event coordinator was superb!
This is.
Double check that they have suites available with 2queen beds instead of the normal rooms with 2 doubles
What a fun place. And so unexpected. We went to pick up friends and just hung out for awhile. Drinks are responsible and just a nice place to hang out.
The renovation looks great and Bridget makes the best cube libre
A/c is very loud but great location and very reasonable prices for the weekend,  free breakfast (decent one too).  Rooms are clean and re-modeled.
Good value and location.
5 stars easily. Kevin Jackson is a must employee at this hotel.
The showers are cold and the fridges are warm.   Would not stay here again
Do not leave your possessions unattended. The staff will take everything you own. Everything!
Great location, semi-updated rooms. Horrible shower drain!
This place will be one of new favorite :-)
Complimentary airport shuttle, complimentary breakfast. Complimentary Internet. What a great deal with no resort feed and no parking fees. One can walk to the new t-mobile arena
Free continental breakfast
Check out the new show there... Panda!  Great show and good for the kids too
Casino's are smoking but this one is horrible. . The good thing is they are inexpensive and my mom always hits big.
Not bad,despite having to pay $107.00 because of a Poker Tournament. ..
Closed, replaced by the Bacchanal Buffet.
Awesome casino
Dealing BJ at Paris tonight.
Never split 10s
Vegas baby!
Vegas baby!
Vegas baby!
Arrived!
Vegas baby!
Vegas baby!
Vegas baby!
Vegas baby!
Vegas baby!
Vegas baby!
Vegas baby!
Super friendly staff
Free hunting seminar
Ground level rooms are the worst. Get a room on the upper levels away from the elevator. The breakfast is pretty good, especially their magical pancake machine!
Nice rooms
So very tired, why am I here
They had standards at one time but now they rent to anyone....
The only shining light here is Faith in the office....
Gig on ...
?
HN
HN...
Here again ;-)
Again...
One more time...
Back 4 more
Yep !
At HN theater
Back ...again
?
Yep!!!
Here... again
Here...
?
If you like the smell you'll love the place.
Yep
? @ !
Yes sir
:-)
2 more times
Here... again
Steak and eggs with dada and bebeh..
Awesome comfy beds!!
Great buffet selection.
Young and energetic vibe.
The Bella Suite is amazing. 2 double beds + 2 couches. Reasonable price to split amongst a group.
$15 resort fee. $20 early check in fee.
Jubilee is the epitome of what a Vegas show should be - gorgeous women, glittery costumes, and festive headpieces.
Zarkana! :)
Just ate at their mexican grill restaurant both our meals were delicious chicken sandwich & a burger
Ladies (and maybe gents): no bare mid-drifts. Aka: cropped tops of any kind. They're strict on dress code. Not even an inch of skin showing. Thank goodness I had a cardigan with me. Had to button it up. Now I feel like a nun. All covered up.
I can never get tired of the scent they pump throughout this hotel :)
Cafe Sienna Coffee Shop - worst meal we've had in ages.
Fantastic customer service!
Why can I haz no wireless internets in mah room?!
Arrived.
Sprint comes in only at 3G. Worldmark room WIFI here very very very slow. But this WM very cute and nice
It's Saturday past 9pm and the TVs don't have BBC....and I wanted to watch Doctor Who.
Soaking up some VEGAS Sun...
Work Hard, Play Hard. Arghhhh;0-
Let The Summer Pool Fun Begin!!!
Madagascar Wit Da HoneyMoon
Mandara Spa
Sahra Spa & Hammam
Zappos all hands
Phineas and Ferb concert!!!!!!
AP conference
Day 2
kickin' it old school
Hall and Oats concert baby
You have to try the soup of the day "pasta fazool" absolutely delicious!
Rock Vault was a lot of fun!
So excited to see the show!
Sunday Funday
Hiii
Lagassies Stadium
never on a monday.
The convention staff rock!!
2 dollar margaritas, they used to br $1
Looks like the Tangiers to me
Soft opening now, grand opening December 3rd!
Not happy with service of being checked out early and we never checked out!
Not sure why they don't heat the pool- it's 100 degrees outside but the water is ice cold!
Great access to the Mandalay Bay pool and never crowded
If you are a light sleeper, the airport traffic may affect you as this hotel is right next to the runway. It didn't bother me, and the hotel was magnificent!
Free wifi in the hotel rooms! This hotel is awesome
The best. We love this  place. Now we own. . Yeah!
Fuck keno...
UFC 146...fuck yeah.
Beds very uncomfortable. Pillows like rubber rocks
Won't eat here again.!  Sent the steak and 4oz lobster back.   Lobster was cold and rock hard :(
The $8.99 prime rib is delicious!
amazing price for convention week... but... there is some problems... bed bugs...
Place is the scumb of Vegas including employees and restaurant. DO NOT GO HERE
Food is usually  good. Manager is horrible and very rude people here.
Loved the steak dinner !
BEST place for blackjack!!! $2 table with loosest rules anywhere!!! Drinks are pretty good too.
Penn and Teller Show, and of course a few drinks!
Hope Lady Luck is on my side!
I love coming here.
Old Vegas style hotel. It's kind of ghetto. The employees are nice here.  Sketchy outside, since you are down by no mans land. All the popular new hotels are on the other side of the strip.  Good selection of slots I haven't played the tables yet not to many open.
Stay away, this place was ok 5 months ago. We stayed in the new remodeled building and believe me it is run down just like it used to be.  What we payed here we could have stated in a nicer hotel and actually enjoy the rooms. Your not saving money by staying here go elsewhere. The plumbing sucks,
Can u say maloofs!?!
Just driving by. Love this hotel
Classic. Love this place
What recession.crazy packed here. Conference is done. Drove from provo 2vegas. Crashing danight then headed home tmr. Primm or bears best?!?
Beast mans 40th bday
Love this place
Great conference rooms
Baccarat at the Venetian Salon better experience than Palazzo...Cassandra is a great Hostess ask for her. Valet service is faster at Palazzo.
Mmm...happy hour martinis...
Love getting my nails done here...and locals get a discount!
Love a mani-pedi in the morning. Best way to kick off the day!
Time for a long overdue facial!
Manicure time! They really are the best!
In my room at the nugget
Ready for the day
Ready for the day going to the school to learn more
Bed time
Back here at the suite with some of the guys after partying on Fremont street. I had lots of beer played beer pong and won
On the way to the car to go to the airport
Gonna see viva Elvis
Checked In
Crazy tent sale. Getting my Adidas on
Katy Perry. Feelin like a California Girl with my tutu.
Dolphin Tail
Hosting am event in the Bienville Ballroom- great catering and banquet staff
Don't go here to eat.  You'll be sorry.
Parking garage is terribly designed. Look carefully for signs!
Lees beer and tequila experience
Buy tickets in advance if at all possible
Luxury off-strip resort & spa
Clean, comfy rooms with free happy hour and hot breakfast!
We like staying here but their casino definitely needs some help! Most of their machines are old and outdated. We just came from the Green Valley Ranch Station Casino and played on some really fun and updated slot machines. I wonder when Rio will get with the program?
Cocktail waitresses are on the ball here unlike the Rio!!! Thank you for your attentiveness!
Slowest valet on the strip!!! Think twice before dissing self park unless you have 45 minutes to kill waiting for them to get your vehicle!
$2 beers
I got burned out of my condo. Came home to fire trucks every where and my building had water coming out the doors.  This is home for now!
Great place to play craps. This place has the magic touch ;)
Great staff beautiful property and check out the resturrant DJT you will enjoy it
Stay Viera for close accessto the village and Casino
Different conservatory theme every few months. Great fountain show.
Bowling with the family.
with our NHLV Family
Movie with my Love
Extremely busy right now with conventions booked.
Valet guy uncool
I'm here! Yay!
We've arrived and ready to check-in. I need a Margarita. Fat Tuesday I'll be there soon. Hold my drink for me =)
For goodness sake, leave your rugrats at home! They don't belong here!!!
Ink'd Xpo
IAC Celeb Auction!
Hangover 2 with Ike.
Harry Potter...Christine made me.
Bite with friends
A blow dryer *and* a straightener to use. Plus complimentary bath salts, a loofah, shoe buffer, and great smelling hair and body products
Friday dinner is shrimp & prime rib. Love the buffet.
The Wynn and Encore are both such beautiful casinos.    Superb decor and dining.
Take a few extra minutes, and go across the street to view the sculpture garden and Frank Loyd Wright Memorial at the Promenade shopping center. It really is lovely, and quite the unusual find, nestled up against the capital Grille and Maggianos.  Only in Scottsdale!
Closing Monday Sept. 1
I work here so I have to say fabulous things. But today I got an iced pumpkin spice latte that was delic from Starbucks and stir fry from Asian fresh.
Can't beat the Verandah at Four Season's for service
Revolver is fun but too many couples songs! Busy after 11.
Wow.. it's Saturday night in August and they don't have room service
Goto lunch at 1045a pay breakfast price. Lunch food comes out at 11 a. Better than a coupon
Don't get a pool view room if u expect to sleep not bad to do club dances in ur bed but terrible to put little ones to sleep. We can still hear the club music on the 23rd floor.  No locals discounts for food on property so get a Vegas coupon book before coming.
Mommyonabudget with a kid in private school lol. Slumming it
Sports book use side entrance off Flamingo. Tons of parking easy in and out!
Nice place. Everyone is very friendly and out going. Couldn't work for a better company.
This is work so while its an amazing resort with a little something for everyone including 1 of the top 10 pools in the world, I won't say a whole lot.
After getting home at 330am its time for work so here I b
Sicker than a dog and called into work. Good times
Love coming to work with no voice...NOT!
I don't have to show up for jury duty so here I am at work again
2 hours sleep and ready for a busy workday, here we go.
Only 1 more get up this week. Yay!
Gotta Punch in in 35 minutes...is it time to go home yet?
Another day closer to retirement, oh yeah I can never retire.
Only 1 more get up this week
Lets get this party started, everyone do the Friday dance!
Here's to the start of a better day.
After a record breaking night I come back to work. Not only did I sleep 6 whole hours, but I drank nothing but water last night.
I think its Monday morning so I showed up again
Its Friday, it's Friday but with no plans for the weekend probably just watching a lot of movies.
Drove in the frigid cold to work, 6am and only 95f outside this morning, brrrr.
Ok I'm back... oh wait I never left. Only 8 hours left let's do this thing.
Here's a big tip....#boycottboyd
Well see if the food here is any good.
Perfect for the business traveler, outlet plugs everywhere!
Someone has to stop a lot...
May the 4th be with you...
Used to be Terrible's
Try the white
huge donut
Longest check in line I've ever seen!!!
This place is top-notch. Excellent customer service, delicious food, and a full bar. The private lounge chairs are a hit!
The buffet for breakfast is awesome!!! But don't get there to late!
Unbelievably helpful staff!  Clean and very accommodating.
They had availability on EDC weekend so no complaints here!
Customer service here is excellent! They also have 99 cent margaritas!
Yard house happy hour! Enough said.
Just came to take a shit, review to come later.
I enjoy the scenery.
:)!beautiful!
Get validated!!
Going up to change clothes cuz it's HAWT!!
Chilling at the pool with some sharks!
Awful service, ugly dealers,  smokey, old, avoid this place and go somewhere nice like Wynn/Encore!
Kids enjoy the arcade and The Steakhouse is awesome but the rest of the place is a dump.
Fun arcade for the kids along with best steakhouse in Vegas!
The steakhouse and arcade are two best things about this place!
Terrible service rundown total dump!
Awful service, total dump, avoid this place and all employees should be fired.
Terrible dump of a hotel!  Decent restaurants are closed for lunch!
Very old and poor quality compared to Wynn and Encore
Awful service!
Great place for blackjack, dining and entertainment!
Terrible service and awful manager!  Failed to make up room and change sheets after I asked as I left for day.  Charge 100 dollar per fees where many do not.
Cute hotel with nice bar and awesome Yelp Party!
Total dump, people leaving good reviews must stay at Days Inns!
Total dump and terrible food, awful service and every thing that is bad about Vegas!  Rude and arrogant employees!
Amazing place puts all others to shame!  Awesome food buffet that is 5 star quality!
Getting ready to start the Diamond Dash! Wish us luck!!!
Urban Legends II. Hey Blackstreet, Ginuwine!!!
Simon's brunch
Just saw KA!
Bodies exhibit!
Shark reef!
Comedy date night!!
Hella hard to find bathrooms on the gaming floor. Way worse than usual.
My room has a rotten dairy scent but the shuttle is prompt and useful.
Rooms are not being kept in good repair. ;-(. Would recommend looking around before staying here. Worst Marriott anywhere was better ;-)
$13 to valet, for 1-4 hours. Ouch!!! Locals beware.....
Be sure to check out the Bagel Corner!
"The Dirty at 12:30" is a good free comedy show that lasts a bit over 1 hr
Very nice and clean. I like the staff friendly and good service.
Called today and they said the pool is not open at all for locals unless you do a cabana rental.
Every big hotel in Vegas has a resort fee... Not sure why all the bad reviews and confusion about this.  I don't think it's fair to rate down a hotel based on this.
Fish tacos as Distrito are AMAZING
Graduation!!! Seeing my NV kids graduate!!
Belligo cafe is fabulous
Squeeze -  Still alive & kicking.....I wonder what happened to ' the girl from Clapham'?
Argo
Awesome place
At yappi hour! Drinks are half off and don't forget your dog
Nice accommodations, peaceful and clean. Very easy access to the strip. Would stay again.
New Player Slot Rebate Program
Went here for the Desert Research Institute's Nevada Medal dinner, which was excellent and luxurious.  The walk to the reception area from the parking garage felt like an eternity in 4" heels but the interior and architecture was enough of a pleasant distraction.
They allow pets
Conveniently located on the strip
Beautiful casino with Rod Stewart playing tonight
Centrally located right behind the strip next to the LInc
Convenient located right off the strip
Get a room with a balcony over looking the Bellagio fountain
Upgrade to the balcony suites well worth it.
They have great underground parking
Get a balcony suite overlooking the Bellagio fountain.
Great place to park ..Easy access
The valet staff here is so friendly!
Pet friendly and wifi included. Fiona approves.
Cocktail waitresses never came by. Never going back there again. :-(
Buffalo!
Rusty maples!!!!
Edwin at I the 24hour bar is awesome !!!!!!
Edwin at the 24hiur bar is beyond awesome !!!
Ice Arena.  Best ice in Vegas.
Back for more! Not staying long- lol
Cool water slide. It goes through a shark tank
Charming better than most buffet, good slot club benes
Great cool decor!
Wanna play old school bingo...paper n dabbers...this is the place
Party on!
Watch Monday Night Football in Club Tequila
Job fair
Buffet so so tonight.
At the buddha drinking sake and eating sushi
Palms slots are tighter than advertised. Don't believe what you hear. Only the very rich win here.
Not the loosest slots anymore
Home sweet home
Memorial Day Weekend.
New.display in the atrium.
If you are thinking of trying the buffet.....pass it up
Fiesta's Buffet Sunday Brunch
Willy & Jose's Cantina, Mexican Food Restaurant AYCE Taco's and bottomless margaritas only $9.99 Mon - Thursday. 4-9pm.
UPDATE: Willy & Jose's Mexican Cantina has officially closed effective May 2016 after more than 20 years of great food and drinks.
KIDROCK in concert out at the pool!
Great Mongolian stir fry!!
Prices are cheap and the buffet gets the job done.
Resort fees are bs, rates should be all inclusive
IPAs Vegas food festival what a zoo
They have a dunkin donuts inside best thing ever...the buffet was not great I wouldn't go to it again perhaps next time tony romas...
They give u 10 if you sign up for a player card! :D I got 20 cuz its my bday tomorrow
Love this place!. Home away from home
Free parking from the Strip via Bellagio drive
Spend some time viewing the memorabilia- fabulous!
Get a Players Card and save $10 off the Buffet :)
Nice intimate venue. Great sound system.
Premium room is just that. Very nice accommodations!
Yaaaay
Avoid this place at all costs
Happy we used express mobile check-in because the lines at the desk were looong:)
Stawberry mojitos @ Cabana Club in RR!!! Yum!
Hey with my Taylor and its raining up here.
Checking out :(
Out with Hellen & Farrow to see Mosaic. A grown up evening!
Free lunch and $500 jackpot
I love this place
Classy and cocktail wait staff is quick and odor free.   I felt good losing $500, kinda like shooting my eye out
Bowling
Pre gaming for first Friday
Sign up for the players club and get a free buffet
All players get top shelf booze
Watch fat Elvis
Candy is a great bartender and will tell you every special they have- also there is a five dollar menu!
Roller derby rocks!!!
Here to see andrew dice clay.  Should be interesting.
No kitchen? How am i going to cook my Fkn eggs in the morning!?
Tight Slots. Ghetto clientele. Their player club is stingy as well.
You can't win here.  Worst paybacks in the state. Machines must be set to 0.
ABA Young Business Lawyer conference.
#VYP mixer. Parking = redonkulous.
Dinner and a show with Sherri
All you can eat crab legs!! Yummm...
Dinner with Rob
Meeting up with Robert Baumann
Relaxing minute at the Hard Rock. Still one of my favorite casinos
Day 2 of the 48 Hours Festival kicked ass! Now we're back relaxing in our room...
We made it!!
Walking to Tool
Hanging out at the sports book bar after the Steel Panther show.
Totally drunk and ready to party?! Totally ready to rock out!!!
Complimentary spa day! Perfect.
Surprise date  to Jabbawockeez and we found a back cut to the parking lot :)
I have a room to check into.lol janell cracks me up
Good times with helen at the san gennaro festival
Jennifer lopez and marc anthony concert
Hands down, the best buffet in Las Vegas.
A great place for family, friends and couples wanting to relax, enjoy and awesome pool time!
Terrible place to stay; turn around, leave and go just about anywhere else.
Awe sum hotel.
Beware Cosmo employees your discount is not good on Friday and Saturdays!!
Beware of the $12.99 HOTEL AMENITY FEE. Regardless if u use it or not, they add it to ur bill. WI-fi sux. Couldn't connect.
Bingo
Sportsbook watching the games on big screen is huge!
Isley Brothers March 2-3 at LVH
Football is back!!
10X points. Yeah!
The bingo hall is ridiculous.  The staff is rude, the players are loud and disrespectful, this also goes for the staff, they talk loud to the regular players and have no regard for anyone
Done driving for the day
Grand Cafe for dinner followed by bowling.
Get a players card
Quick and easy sports betting.
Book online save mucho dinero
Free Buffett 2 for 1 drinks free parking $20 a day resort fee but nice spot especially considering the remodel. Look for Internet deals we did $59!
Still classy, a very nice hotel and our go to spot 100% none smoking!
Buffett omelette station rules!
I like their Menudo and I have small plate every time I come for dinner,but tonight it was Horrible it smelled like and tasted like cow shit. Well if you say that is what Menudo is , I say yes but it does not supposed to smell or taste   like that.
The bartender is cute lmao
If you ask for a low numbered room it will be next to the elevator. No carts unless you valet park so if you don't you'll have to mule it in.
If you scratch or cut yourself don't ask for a bandaid.  They will make you talk to medical and security.
Horrible machines and the buffet is crap.
Sorry to say I payed $20.00 for a all you can eat buffet on Saturday night and didn't like it one bit. AND I heard alot of good reviews and decided to try it. (Never again) and the different food courts they have in the casino where very expensive.. p.s. the beers are $6 each.? But there is a gas station on the corner 6min walk
This place is so dingy and it stinks like weed . Machines are very tight waitress's are very slow.  Vey dates rooms,no refrigerator or microwave or coffee makers.
You need to use your hotel room key to summon an elevator to the hotel rooms.
Chocolate fountain :)
Beautiful interior
Chilling before heading out
Im beat...
Lots of loose players in the poker room
parking is horrendous for the concert, staff is not helpful and the parking Is confusing.
Stop and smell the roses!
It's easier to valet off of Flamingo than it is to valet off of Las Vegas boulevard.
Valet is free if you get validation. Otherwise it's $12.
Parking nazis. I used to enjoy playing slots here and afterwards hitting up the Fremont Experience. It's a pain now and I play elsewhere that treats its customers much better.
The hotel solicitation is ridiculous. Inching toward TheHotel.
Winning!!!!
Just got upgraded to the suite!
Valet is slow as shit !! Thirty min waits ! Ridiculous
Go to the Fun Dungeon n win some prizes
Beautifully renovated
Sophisticated suites, beautiful views, & best location on the strip :)
Gotta hot tub time machine in my suite. =)
I feel like an angel cuz I'm wearing all white lol
Valet parking included, room service until 2pm M-T then 24hours for the weekend.
Casino  security are completely rude!!
Fun time with kidos and the Bensurto while our Daddy's out for duty call!
with friends,")
Not a fan. 2nd night here and just discovered housekeeping just folded up our dirty towels and put them back up on the shelf.
Welcome to the Pyramid!
Park at palazzo for easy access to both hotels
Take elevator up to 26th floor for very nice banquet bathrooms that are spacious and have a baby changing table.
Let's eat!!!
Oh yeaaaaaa!! Hurry up & get here ppl, I don't have all day!!
I never wanna leave!!!
Weekend has officially beguuuun!!! Our home til Sunday!!! Woooohooooo
Favorite hotel :) :)
Cheap place to stay that is on the middle of the strip. Hash house a go go is a must when here.
Can't beat 44 bucks
Great place to stay
Non-gambling hotel behind the MGM. You can use all facilities of the MGM and still enjoy a relatively quiet stay. Ask for Tower 1. It's the nearest to the MGM and The Strip.
Tower 1 had sun all day, 2 and 3 are in & out the shadow.  Tower 1 is over 21 years .  Tower 2 & 3 have older, but better beds.  Tower 1 had a deficit on umbrellas. Strange in such heat.
lunch time
your towels scratched me
feels like a vacay
Just 6.5 hours later...we're here
Cabana for a recovery day from my downtown shenanigans late last night
Soon boys...soon
Here!
Trying the buffet for the first time.
Redeemable BOGO deals through Vegas Slots rewards!
Does registration always take a hour here? I'm in a line behind 120 people...I counted! If it's always like this, I hope it's worth it...my first time:P
Drinks are ridiculously expensive for concerts.
Worst sports book service in Las Vegas!
Yeah buddy
Oxtail soup with the  marlo and chanson FTW!
Upgrade of a lifetime!
Bout to eat dinner and start packing up. My legs hurt
Asian food festival again
My 1st time here
Dropping of Dennis and Audrey with Verna
Happy birthday Sharol
Breakfast buffet
Monday night football let's gooo
mnf let's go cowboys!
Bout to watch the cowboys whoop on these redskins!
Bout to watch Michigan win this NCAA championship!
Hotel security here is a bunch of pussys! Fuck y'all
West coast all-stars concert! The performers are great, but whoever is in charge or the organizer is fucking up! 45min-1hr intervals in between performers? I will never Spend my money to watch a show here ever again!
Do not watch a show here! Who ever is in charge cannot organize a show! Show started at 8pm and it's now 147am? Still 1 more performer to go! Good thing I came to see the GAME!
Yep. It's everything I thought it'd be.
Enjoyed the pool ... Now enjoying their buffalo wings and shrimp!
The conservatory is amazing and I also have this urge to swim in the Lake! :)
Ready to play some War and win! :)
Steve the Bartender has the hookups!
Steve hooks it up again!!
Been Five days, havent seen a single creepy crawley.
The WiFi is not so great and cell reception is spotty at best.
Breaded Chicken wings rock!
Complimentary rooms rock!
Highclass!
Love my suite!
The hotel has a slide.
Share the pickles with 2 people!
Home sweet home...
Jackie gave me an early x-mas present!!!
Don't you judge me
Food is not that good at all
Here tonight and just finished eating at mad onion in hooters casino. Food is decent, but I am drunk! The hostess was a bitch, waiter good.
Sunday football!  Wohooo
Ditch Fri!!!
64th floor!!!...I still like my view better though!    ^_^
Deadmau5!!!!!!!     ^_^
Fight night!
Their wings are amazing!
Scott the trolly guy is the man
If your from san diego or from an area where they serve daytona wings forget about it, cause your not getting it from this location.
Get ready to spend some money. Tons of shopping and entertainment.
great deal. very clean in the ocean view tower!
best budget hotel. clean and nice service
this place sucks
3 dollar blackjack and craps!!
Everything is sticky and smells like chicken wings...
Gettin my degenerate side on!
About to get my first ever game of poker on! 2/4 limit here I come!
The weather at the end of March is nice enough to go swimming in the amazing pool and also to win a lot of money at the BJ tables!
Vegas bitches!!!
They have a pretty good 2/4 limit hold em game scheduled regularly!
Drink service in the poker room is fast!!!
It's cleaner than you think...
The hotdogs and fries here are pretty freaking good for sportsbook food!
Girl Talk!
OMG the GirlTalk concert last night was so freaking awesome and their nightclub Marquee is soooooooo cool!
Check out the Chandelier Bar that's made out of 3 million dollars worth of crystals...seriously!
The casino looks really cool but good luck finding any tables for less than $50 on a weekend night.
Can't beat a $90 hotel room. Let's hope it's clean and somewhat nice.
Booked this with the Hotel Tonight app. Not bad. Location = great!
.25cents wings & beef nachos! Bring it!!!
Unpacking & ready to hit the pool ;)
Never been2this hotel.Kabu got us a room here.Memorial weekend last min.Just told Jocelyne earlier not a fan of Hooters!Think Same Now.LoL
Orleans is the best quality for best prices.
Came to Vegas to pick a truck at auction.Just came to see what all comotions about at PH Casino.Place is full of drunk half dressed fools
0.25 cents wings but you have to sign up for their players club. I'm ok with that.
Hello Vegas!
1.50 beers
Get it at me son
Vegas!!
Love it!
Ronny's Bachelor Party!!
Ronny's Bachelor Party!!
Buffalo chicken sandwich with some cheese fries!
Checking in for a 3 hour rest period ..... Only 23 bucks :)
Nap before the storm
Need to shower ....
Night lol
Finally home from edc ..... It was freaking awesome!!!
1 dollar frozen margaritas :)
Checked in!!
First stop!!
2nd stop still no pai gow table :(
Pickin up the package
Watched ka!!!
Got a ride from edc from some fellow san diegans!!!! PLUR!!
For real checking in lol
Back for a withdrawal!!
Late night dinner...whooo!
During the week the pool speakers are cranked with 80s music. I heard "Hungry Like The Wolf" a dozen times in 3 days.
Lunch with the guys!
Vegas!
5 stars never felt this good!
So far not what I expected at all.. And not in a good way
YIKES!! Stay away!!
They don't have the free LV mug when you check in.
Awful hotel.... Never again
25 cent wings start @ midnight
Ridiculous blonde waitress haha a bimbo if I ever met one!!
Just left this place craziness watching ppl lose 400 dollars in less than 5 mins :O bedtime now I reckon it being 5am!
Wings
Ahhhhhhh......
All you need is LOVE!
Ahhh the lions are hammered.
And were back...
Breakfast buffet with unlimited mimosas. Ohh yeah.
Ooops forgot to cash the voucher. And were done.
Just losing money.
It's time for Yesterday!
Efffed up!
Bring hand sanitizer.
Save a couple bucks for ranch dressing, cause that shots extra.
Warm beer seems colder if you drink it in the shower.
Meet Nick and the crew behind the Le Bistro bar. Really good guys.
I swear I am only here for the hotwings and beer ;-)
Goal!!!
I Have Arrived!!
Vegas Bitch!
Vegas!!
$1.00 Margaritas.
Avoid the parking lot elevator and pretty much hangout outside of the casino
Overpriced, horrible hotel
I eat here all the time...mine as well sleep here too.
Let it begin...
They threw away (or straight took) a half box full of electronic cleaning wipes from my room. I know it's only a couple bucks worth total but I was using them! Also checking out was a hassle. Tried to do it on the tv in the room and a glitch happened...so I tried an electronic kiosk...same thing. Ended up having to do it in person with a desk associate. Not  the best stay here this time around.
Free shuttles from the Palms to Cesars...round trip 11am-8pm. Save yo money son!
24 hour gym access. Diggin it.
Express checkout via the room TV is not available until 830am. If you're in tower 1 the front desk likely isn't open until 5:15am.
This place is tight!
They add $8.50 Resort Fee on top of room, taxes, and other fees. It is "Per Day" payable at check out. Rip Off! Not stay here again
I'm here!
They dont have 25c wings anymore!! :( you have to sign up for a card and limited to 20 wings per card :(((
25c wings 12am-6am only 20piece per players card + $1.50 drink, $1 sauce, $1 to go box,& wings will be 50c if taken to go
late night bowling
gambling by the nice pool, newly remodeled & 1st 200 on them :P
best buffet in vegas
Long line for seating at 4pm on a Sunday
Here for the wings
Love this place !!!
Free steak dinner for out of state people!
The boys are playing poker ;)
Nothing feels better then walking in to gamble with a stack of cash and walking out with two times that stack of cash :))
Meh....
My favorite casiono in Vegas
And so it begins...
My favorite place to be in Vegas
Goodbye aria you've been too good to me...
:)
Just checked in and lovin the room
Our suite is ducking nice...
Lunch at Hooter's in the Hooter's casino.
.25 wing
Chicken wings
Gonna check out the suite
Kaskade n bottle service !!!
it says $1.50 for bud light & bud, but does that include BLL?
Eww place is full of chains, and not the kind that excite me
Beer & Hotwings, oh and sexy females in tight white tops with tiny little orange shorts!  HOOT HOOT ;-)
good night!
Wings and beer.
Vegas!
Resting for tonight.
Check out time. :-(
The signature tower 3
Tower 3, time to recharge.
Another wedding. Ugh
Good looking Asian eye candy. :-)
skyBoX bar and grill
$0.25 cent wings from midnight to 6am. #score
.25 cent wings after midnight.  1.50 long necks.
All rooms have exterior doors
Picking up a coworker. Busy and quiet location all at once
.25 cent wings after midnight.  1.50 long necks all day. Heated pool 24/7.  Cheap food. Cheap rooms.  Bang for the buck.
Their breakfast buffet is not free but it is hearty and delicious and the staff is super friendly and helpful!
No joke... Best customer service EVER!!!
Hooters restaurant closes early Sunday night!
Play the chicken wing slot machine!  I just won eight hot wings!
The bat is hoping!!!
Enjoying breakfast from the Capital Room!
Great hotel!
Comfy bed!
Nice hotel!
Having breakfast on the top!!!
Ready for dinner!!!
Nighty night!
The Capitol Club!
Just checked in!
The le bistro bar is serving Pabst Draft Beer for .58 cents in honor of the Riviera entertaining Vegas for 58 years!
You better take your hot shower before 10am today April 11, 2013 or you better like cold showers! Because there shutting it off!!!
Room not ready!!!
What is starwood?
Free drinks from 5:30 to 7:30!!!
The best bed in Vegas!!!
Home sweet home!
Back again!
Heavenly bed!!!
Heavenly bed!!!
I'm coming home!
Elevators go up and down !
Happy Hour Gambling!!!
Starbucks!!!
Daniel at Happy Hour is amazing...West
Goodbye heavenly bed!
They do not want u to leave the hotel on the monorail. Not a single hotel sign will direct you to the monorail. Good Lick!
Where's the bay?
Closest hotel to convention Center!
I see conventioneers!!!
It shouldn't be this hard to checkin it's almost midnight in Vegas...why are they so slow!!
Time to gorge!!
PASS. Not like other hooter restaurants.
Home sweet home!
Not at the table Carlos!
Don't jump in their water fountain outside, they get upset! :(
Sweetness!!
Great rooms!!
We have been at the 1 penny slots and they keep giving us free drinks! I've only spent $3.00 and have drank $20.00 in kamikaze's!
Guitar shaped drinking vessels!
Best for comps!
Wings are good, but they don't have all the flavors available at all the regular Hooter's locations.
Only pools on the strip open 24 hours. Three pools & two jacuzzis.
No more 25 cent wings, boooooooo
No wings through room service...W.T.F!!!
$1 margaritas!
2 for 1 dranks! Coupons on the street!!
The suite is pretty bomb!
Fat Tuesday's down below, $1 jello shots. Can get extra shots in all drinks - $1 each. Score!
Holy hell, parking sucks! So far, not loving it here :/
Bed is sooo comfy. Hooray!
Jane's Addiction!!!!!!!
jane sayyyyssss....
Food finally.
Just got into Vegas for tonight's show.
Just got here for soundcheck for my bands "The Curse" show here tonight.
EDC weekend starts now!!!
Trying to find something to eat. Great looking casino.
Grabbing a meal
Chicken wings!!!
Free steak dinner with club rewards
Buffet with complimentary beer and wine. Oh my!
Wings!
Valet used to be much faster.
Clean, good price, long check in time.
So Far Im Not Impressed...Review Coming Soon
Beware If Your Trying To Get Some Sleep After A Long Night I Suggest Not Staying In The Bungalow Rooms...The Outside Pool Music Starts At Like 8am
Nothing Better Than Free Rooms :) Thanks My Vegas Slots
Thanks Again For An Awesome Night Luxor!
The Casino Is Nice Compared To The Dump It Was Before! They Are Still Remodeling It So Im Sure It Will Look Even Better
Nasty nasty hotel. Stains on carpet and bed spread. Had to move twice. Did not sleep for the one night I was there. If u can afford to, book a better place and never stay there. The only good thing is the gambling there.
First time my husbands been to a Hooters, sadly we both agree that the waitresses were a disappointment... Come on its Vegas!
Never stayed inside a pyramid before :) super excited for the weekend filled with lots of shows!
I hated this place. Old looking, ghetto and gross! Don't go, not even for the hooters *whisper* "they don't really have hooters," unless u like the bodies of 12 years old!!!
Not the classiest place, but looks fun!
Remodel?  Tixs say NEW hooters...no waitresses & payouts.  Meh
OMG, went to the restaurant, took forever to be seated and get out food, boo  :(
Just here to oogle!
Get the free picture
18 dollar Eiffel Tower drinks
I love the pirate show!!
It's a long walk from valet to the registration desk but well worth it
Very helpful front desk
...But it might not be!
Don't forget to bring your I'd to the pool.
It's a long line at the box office
Nice rooms
The fishing slots are fun
Nice quiet rooms
I love the rooms here!
Coffee is good
Very beautiful architecture
Hit the horses
If we are traveling with kids they are ehh...but shoot if were 21 plus come on in..lol....its ok I guess..
We are hosting our annual convention here and the staff is wonderful!! Nani is the best along with Alma. If you want a top notch event host it here
Look for dealer named Nikki. Gorgeous and fun
Don't ask for champagne glasses. They charged me $25+ for them while I was here :/
Summer might be great with the pool but winter sucked.
Would never stay here again
Still the same.......
Just checked into my "1906" boutique room.
Checking in at spot number 3
Home sweet home.......bedtime baby!!!
Gettin' my pump on @ the Polo fitness center and spa
Came back here to watch the big game USC vs Notre Dame.....but with my luck the damn cable is out!!  WTF!!!!!!
Checkin' out
Now called the Seven.....haven't been here in years!
Free wifi in all guest rooms!!! =)
Check in number 2.....so busy tonight spent twenty minutes circling around to find a parking spot!!!
Checkin' out!
Time for bed...... =[
Parking is terrible!!!
Extremely excited to try their new buffet!
One last stop before hittin' da road back home =]
Customer service SUCKs!
Great to be back here after a long hiatus....comped is always better!
Don't really know who this guy is......but it's free so I go see! =]
Long ass check-in line on Labor Day Monday......about 20 ppl deep!!! Yikes!
Don't even bother.
Weirdest bathroom entrance ever.
Don and Julie lookin' good behind the wood.
Um, no.
Great live music.
Terry Bradshaw in da house.
Just waiting for mi amor @LorenaPeril. Next stop, home hot tub.
Come see Fantasy now! Ok, nightly.
Yup
And these are the crazy people.  Cause it's 116 outside.
Walked her to work.
Fantasy Time. Jab bar first.
Melody Sweets. Here we come. Absinthe.
@RedLightLV Extra Lounge. Play on Playa. (not the beach, ok. The beach.)
Another day at the office. With @RedLightLV.
Could b worse.
Where stilts are encouraged.
Headed for dinner and the show.
This Grape is so Hostile.
So much wine with so little time.
Headed for the Grape.
AC is kickin'.
cheaper as always during weekdays
ultra busy!!! y?
Does not smell so much as smoke like other hotel casinos
Place looks nice now
meet some new friends because of hooters,
Bring your pay check!!!
Smoking rooms smell like Smoke!!! Go with the nonsmoking  rooms !!!
Blackberry margarita is delicious ;o)
roulette, a drink, & a smoke
The slots suck, they NEVER win :/
Great boneless wings ( husband had "hot" And I had "3 mile". Fast service and cold beer.
Stick to the 'Mad Onion' if you are eating here... Rooms are nice though!
Don't sit at the bar. Disgusting and never cleaned.
Rooms are dirty and old time to renovate!  At least the wings are good!
Wings r good!
When your hungry, eat here. We had Fast service.Spring Break 2014!!
2pm lunch, good service. Spring Break 2014!!
Good food,  great service and beautiful Hooter girls
A great place to chill. Beer is not too expensive considering where u are.
Look over your room when u check in. Ours is musty and humid.
Its Vegas live it up
If you want horrible service with extra bitchy on the side ask for a server named Moriah...yes that is really how her named is spelled :/
We were really disappointed with our room. The beds were fine but the bathroom was terrible. Tore up floor, rusty drains, old sink and tub. Really bad!
Rose is the best waitress!
You can never go wrong with hot-wings from Hooters.
Snobby staff. Absolutely uncomfortable bed.  Small, over-priced room. I'm supposed to be here for 5 nights and I wish I was leaving today.  Horrible, horrible hotel.  Avoid if you can.
Check in on Facebook and you'll get a special offer. Happy hour from 2-7pm.
They have a good amount of exhibits for family, groups or couples. Easily accessible from the monorail.
The shops inside are very cool and worth checking out.
24 hour pool
Don't do it! Major pit!
Liking the tasty alamos Malbec!
I came for the ( o ) ( o )     Lol
Great wings!
Curly fries with cheese sauce......my addiction...
Stay in the rush tower. Best rooms in the hotel by far
The mini suites are nice
Nice hotel rooms and they don't charge resort fees on comped rooms. Go riv!!!
The Riv is my spot. Can't  quite explain  it but i love it here.
Not smoky in here at all.
Some pretty good cover bands play here.
I just hope I end up in my own hotel room in the morning.
Great views from room
Love the new entrance
Sports book is nice
Love the vibe here
This place is always jumpin. Day time or night
Hooters offers great value,  good location,  for an average hotel.  Can't beat the price.
Groupon has a two night stay, each night for $17 right now! What a deal. I'm so going back! Haha!! Right next door to the MGM grand.
Cleaning staff stole my NY Yankees hat!
Best buffet and pool area!
Rooms outdated the pool area is one of the worst at the strip.
Oh look complimentary sock comes with the room.
I love this place! I can't wait to come back!!!
Five stars all the way through! I love this property! I'll mos def be back
Food was good. Service was great. Thanks Jenelle
DUMP. Motel 8 is a better value
$10 pai gow tables on a Friday night after 11pm when all mgm takes were $50 minimum... Also was the only one in my group to get carded
Hardwood suite
Lol what a dump
The worst services i had even had..
The original in Tampa is twenty times better.
On piru Jamie a cunt faced whore
I didn't think this place was "gross", it just wasn't high-end like most hotels in Vegas. Just don't let the cashiers hustle you in order to fill up rooms tho...beware!!!
Food gross, tables decent as its less busy than the rest of the strip.
avoid this hotel casino at all costs. super 8 & motel 6 is way better to stay at if youre looking for cheap. this place sucks donkey balls!
Close to hakkasan nightclub. To get in hakkasan free and quickly text 702-689-2392.
Near all of the cool casino. If you want to go to a nightclub closest is hakkasan. Text 702-689-2392 for free entry.
Near hakkasan nightclub. Hi. For free entry or guestlist. Text 702-689-2392 before 9pm This week for free guestlist 9/01/16- tiesto (free entry) 9/02/16- steve aoki (free entry) 9/03/16- hardwell (free entry) 9/04/16- calvin harris (reduce entry)
Very close to hakkasan nightclub. You can get in free by texting 702-689-2392. You welcome! Lol.
One of the closest to hakkasan nightclub. To get in quickly and free. Text 702-689-2392.
Near hakkasan nightclub. Text me at 702-689-2392 for free entry.
For free entry or guestlist at hakkasan. Text 702-689-2392 before 9pm This week for free guestlist 9/08/16- tiesto (free entry) 9/09/16- lil jon ( free entry) 9/10/16- tiesto (free entry) 9/11/16- drake (free entry before 1200am, reduce after)
Near hakkasan nightclub. Hi. For free entry or guestlist. Text 702-689-2392 before 9pm This week for free guestlist 9/01/16- tiesto (free entry) 9/02/16- steve aoki (free entry) 9/03/16- hardwell (free entry) 9/04/16- calvin harris (reduce entry)
For free entry or guestlist. Text 702-689-2392 before 9pm This week for free guestlist 9/08/16- tiesto (free entry) 9/09/16- lil jon ( free entry) 9/10/16- tiesto (free entry) 9/11/16- drake (free entry before 1200am, reduce after)
Checkout hakkasan nightclub for free text 702-689-2392 before 9pm.  This week for free guestlist 8/19/2016. Friday- hardwell 8/20/2016. Saturday- tiesto 8/21/2016. Sunday- borgeous.
Hakkasan nightclub free entry anyday or will give discount. Text 702-689-2392
Tropicana is close to everything. Across hakkasan nightclub also. You can get in free by texting 702-689-2392.
Close to one of the best nightclub hakkasan. To get in free and quickly text 702-689-2392.
Near hakkasan nightclub. For free entry or guestlist. Text 702-689-2392 before 9pm This week for free guestlist 9/08/16- tiesto (free entry) 9/09/16- lil jon ( free entry) 9/10/16- tiesto (free entry) 9/11/16- drake (free entry before 1200am, reduce after)
Right next to top club hakkasan. Hi. For free entry or guestlist. Text 702-689-2392 before 9pm This week for free guestlist 9/01/16- tiesto (free entry) 9/02/16- steve aoki (free entry) 9/03/16- hardwell (free entry) 9/04/16- calvin harris (reduce entry)
Hi. For free entry or guestlist. Text 702-689-2392 before 9pm This week for free guestlist 9/01/16- tiesto (free entry) 9/02/16- steve aoki (free entry) 9/03/16- hardwell (free entry) 9/04/16- calvin harris (reduce entry)
$3 blackjack
POOL IS CLOSED  No warning when booking = BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
donovans a great bartender. never remembers we've been celebrating our bdays with him for 3yrs but oh well twice a year doesnot make us bff's! ;)
no where near enough power outlets in the room!  :(
bring a sweater for the hallways upstairs. it's 50*/60* by our room.... not sure why it needs to be arctic---but It Is!!!!
hate being lied to by a hotel front desk!! was told the dj @the Hindi wedding private party was gettin shut down at 2a  "they have no control over it" how does the hotel that said Yes Have Yur Party Here til 3a w/a full volume dj--- NOT have control over said party?!  say TUFF SHIT. no lies needed
I'll be forever grateful to the imperial palace for giving my dad a job he liked at the end of his life!
love the roulette tables here :)
Bunch of self important assholes ahead of us. Oh sorry. I mean hilton honors members who "don't like the room assignment". You sir are the reason I quit hotels!
A good deal but the rooms are terrible.
What is with the horrible potpourri smell they are pumping into the casino?  Made me sick. We left after 5 minutes
Antiquated and in need of renovation!
Beds slumped in. No upgrades since probably 1995. Looks old and dingy.
Totally gross rooms! Kept my shoes on the entire time
I love this place!! All of the hooter girls have amazing customer service!!
I got bed bug bites all over my body...don't stay here. They're dirty and rude.
$1 blackjack
Great service all staff is great and very helpful. Our server Stephanie was great.
If vegan, tell your waitress to give you a grilled veggie sandwich.  It isn't on the menu but they aim to please! Another option is the fruit platter.  This is a huge plate of fruit enough for 3+ people.  Their fried potatoes are yummy and ask for toast without butter.  Of course you could always customize any of their salads as well.
Beautiful view
Why not!
Staycation with the squeeze!
Haze.. the happening night in vegas! Jay Sean performed!
2 bedroom suite on the 52nd floor. The entire suite controlled by remote control. Best pampering in Vegas.
Come early for the seafood buffet (weekend). Long line but worth the wait!
Best place ever!!!!!
Sweet got the top floor
Valet parking here sucks. It takes forever!
First time stay here...cheap rate and clean...that's about it...
I must say... Aria has the best pillows!!
Last night a buffet worker did not replace the whole drawn butter only replaced the ladle that was dropped in there, gross.
Slow service and I mean very slow
Games for kidd
Gambling!!
Lazy river A+
2 free nights promotion! Yippie!  But alot of wasted time trying to check in.
Plaza Hotel needs to hire more check in staff. Only 2 people working and the line is very long (3pm).  Hot, tourists have short attention span and don't want to wait in line too long; they want to gamble! 30-mins later, stll in line!
Garage elevators suck!
Family timeshare. Building in the back is under construction. They begin working at 5am and they will wake you up. Light sleepers, try to get buildings in the front.
Our home away from home.
Home again!
Do not spend your money on this hotel, not worth it!  Everything is mediocre level.  There's hundreds of hotel in Vegas, spend your money somewhere else.
Saw George Lopez last night filming his new show.
Actually @ Gold Coast! Just has a fabulous meal @ Noodle something. Pleasant surprise
I'm actually @ The LVH for my bday staycation. G8 places, G8 prices, G8 folks
Thepool is cool
The Paris pool is goregous.
My nephew, Aaron from Atlanta,  going to Tery Fator @ the. Mirage
Border Grill is magnificent
House of Blues Gospel brunch. Food fabulous. Music uplifting. Highly recommend
Im really @ Worldmark by Wyndom. Fun lazy river
The resort is okay. It's by the airport & I got to see private jets landing. The decor is an Emilia Erhart/plane theme. It's super fine for a staycation & yhe tour wasn't horrible. All in all, we had a blast.  Now, we will plan our cruise. Yahoo
Tony n Tina's wedding was outrageous. We highly recommend
Amazing pool.service gracious. Food & drnks satisfying. Value in renting the cabana. Now I need 2 sleep off this hazy summer day. Highly recommended. How's my spelling?
Perfect service which makes the rest irrelevant, see what I did there... ;-).
The fountain makes me wet
They took my money :(
Bullshit place
S
I don't like the closing of Sirens at TI
I love the location
Best Buffet Ever!
Best Buffet includes wine and beer for $14.00
planetPTC here I come!
Fancyness
What to eat, what to eat....?
B2V!
Checkin Out!
B2V CBP finish.
B2V Award ceremony.
Nevada police n fire games!
Tables.
More lucky tables.
Kids enjoying the slide with a huge shark tank in the middle of the pool. Yippeee!
My Parents fave breakfast place. $6.99 breakfast buffet.  With make your own omelet and fresh fruits & everything in between.  Deal!
U
Valet parking was full, they directed us to self parking which was full as well.
Ahhhh
ufc convention.
Love this place. The buffet with unlimited wine with dinner cappuccino with desserts.   And the pool...tantalizing.
Aahhhhh!
What they got Herr?
They have watches here I hope
Pizza pizza
who will reign supreme in tonights high school Reunion
I'm baaaaack
Buying $539 worth of collectible pins for a coworker
Forget staying on the LV Strip.. this hotel is great!
Cant breathe..no ventilation at all!!
Work
The adding of whiter, brighter lights throughout the garage and casino is a big plus
I hate Boyd Gaming casinos toilets.  They're terrible.
Been coming here since Orleans opened.  This tip is more of a tip from 2014 til present.  Every dealer, bartender, waitress in every part and shift of this casino is boring, demanding, ride, sarcastic, and has no warmth.  Customer service doesn't exist here.  If not for comps and a few mutual friends in bands that perform here, I wouldn't ever come based on service.  It's God awful.
The entirety of the party pit dealers aren't that pretty and they're extremely rude.  All night.  Eye contact, customer service, warmth, professionalism is all void.  I don't see name tags on some and they refuse to do their jobs at times.  I don't get how people do their jobs so poorly and do not even seem willing or apt for the jobs requirements.
Aside from the dealers who are terrible, Le Caberet for sure is the highlight of this casino!  Generation is a staple!
Monte Carlos poker room is awesome.  Jennifer Stevens at the poker room was a great in the poker room!
Ian and Kris as bartenders are stupendous at what they do.  They remember me even if I haven't shown in months!  They're very attentive.  I appreciate their work ethic and customer service
Slow dealers, slow action, hard to hear, difficult to play comfortably.
We were told the room had two queen beds; trust me, these are double sized, NOT QUEEN!
Small casino with very bright lights. It feels like last call/closing time at a bar. Uncomfortable to gamble!
Love! Best view in the city!!!
Hella cheap and some skeezy old school Vegas fun!
The vending machines take debit/credit cards!
What happened used to be the best service in town? Now it's like kids who are working their first job out of high school.
Such a great spot still.  This forgotten property is massive and has an attentive staff.  Go here if you want to get away.
Chili dog and fries. This place is yummy but gluttonous.
Boo these guys have the worst customer service on the strip.  Pick qny other restaurant in town.
It's super smoky in here.  Slots/machines were not loose.
Still ghetto...
Platinum members:  Two (2) Complimentary tickets to these 4 events
$15 extra charge for early check in (even though your room is ready). Lame!
Best to arrive in the afternoon or past 10pm. Gives room upgrade when booked rooms are full :)
Spice market buffet has the best value for food. Something to do here all nite.
I love this place. U don't even need to go outside, everything is here.
Friday & Saturdays at the Pleasure Pool are the best!
It smells like my dad in here.
Gambling with the parentals!
Gambling with my roomates!
Gambling with the fam!
Steak & Eggs
Gambling w/ the rents yet again!
33 dollar rooms Monday through Friday
Beerfest!
Latin nights on Saturdays at the Access Showroom
Pool is free for Cinco De Mayo weekend!
They have a really great & happening atmosphere in the lobby/downstairs most nights --Live Music, DJ's, Excellent Bar, & Cool Events! Chk em
Wednesday's it's Ladies Night --Complementary drinks for girls from 6-8 and 2-1 from 8-Close. + DJ's  playing and more. Sounds fun!
Check them out if u can tonight, Free Drinks for girls in their bar this evening to celebrate launch of their Ladies Night on Wednesday's
Since you're here: You gotta try the Barrymore restaurant. It's one of the best places to eat in the city :)
Since you're here: Definitely go upstairs to 107 Lounge for daily Happy Hour 4pm to 7 pm with half price appetizers and 2-for-1 martinis.
Since You're Here: You should make sure you go to Hash House A Go Go. They're famous from the Travel Channel and the Food is VERY YUMMY :D
Since You're Here: You should make sure you go to Hash House A Go Go. They're famous from the Travel Channel and the Food is VERY YUMMY :D
One of the MUST VISIT and MOST FUN places in Las Vegas :) Way more than just the best Sundae's, the whole menu's awesome, explore it all!
They offer a parking level card when entering the elevators via the parking garage. Take 1 - Comes in handy to recall what level u parked!:)
Since You're Here: You should make sure you go to Hash House A Go Go. They're famous from the Travel Channel and the Food is VERY YUMMY :D
PARKING TIP - Try heading straight down to the 4th level when u enter the garage & you'll find it much faster most busy nights to park :)
ARE U HUNGRY? Cosmo's Pizzeria, sorta hidden between Jaleos & Blue Ribbon, is the answer! One of the best slices in town, it's worth a trip!
At one of my Favorite Places in the whole entire world! Ahhh it's SO NICE HERE... :D
Find the coolest artwork around --Try searching less common areas in the hotel and see what really unique pieces u'll find :)
EAST Elevators take u straight up to Dining, Chandelier Bar & Marquee --WEST go up to the Lobby, Vesper & Buffet --SO SAVE SUM STEPS & TIME
I love their bar (Vesper) one of the best in town, add to your to-do list here @Cosmopolitan_LV  : )
Don't miss the Vesper Bar near the entrance--This exquisite place's ceiling is inspired by the underside of Alice in Wonderland's dress.
Amazing Dining Options on the 3rd floor, some of the best in the city!
Park in the East Garage to go straight up the East Elevators to floor 3 Retail Stores-- U'll save steps & give urself more time to shop! :)
Girls in Las Vegas (ATTN GUYS 2) this place is having Ladies Night here tonight! 6-8pm Girls Drink Free & 2/1 8-Close, that's a good deal:)
Since you're here: You gotta try the Barrymore Restaurant. It's one of the best places to eat in the city :D
Way to long waiting for the buffet.... Come on please speed up the process...
She make pee.
I got a bit sick from the buffet.  It didn't even have good choices and I was afraid to eat the seafood.  The selection was poor and the quality worse.  The staff was really great, though.
Eyecandy!
Very quiet, except for the maids.
Last chance to use your reward points for 2014.
Dont stay past 12pm, if u do at 12:01pm they charge u a late fee of $30.00, so u have 2 stay another day, and then they dont have housekeeping on the weekends and their rates dont change, it's$35.99 everyday!! I could of stayed somewhere else for as low as $17 that probably has housekeeping on the weekends!!
Losing at craps...would help if I knew how to play haha
Going to the movies
Wineucopia
Check the convention schedule before Boulevard shows- one of the tower entrances may be closed as a result.
Nasty, Nasty, Nasty no other info required
Non-smoking slots, awesome!!
There's free wifi on the Palazzo shops floor. I think around the coffee shop.
Rooms good for 6 people. The room has a little den area with a couch that folds out
Here at mmaxplosion to root for chidi! Pink tacos for munchies mmm :)
Michael Jackson Immortal...woohooo
groupon! :)
vip style love it!
First stop on the list
Bruce Willis suite upgrade
and another one....
Arrived to my final destination for this trip
Comfy beds , specially after a long night
Ox tail soup special after 11pm. market Street Cafe.
Christmas music is nice for a change!!!!
Waiting in line for buffet since 545pm
Popeyes!
Love the shopping area~ so many retail stores!
Don't self park!! Soooo far away from the front desk.
David Van Such tro is WONDERFUL!!!! Make sure to check them out!!!
David van Such Trio is Wonderful! And they perform 6 days per week.
EMPLOYEES get great discounts on hotel rooms thanks to partnership with Intercontinental Hotel!!! :-)
Chocolate and Pastry fest!!!!
At the Billboard awards. Shania Twain is still hot in real life.
Check in, sleep, Warriors game at 7:30.
Bikes you can borrow to get around town, outdoor firepits, house Escalade to take you around, and a pet goldfish in my room -- sold!
Working on the laptop poolside...
The entrance is tucked away from the street. Enter the "tunnel" right before the adjacent CVS building on The Strip; look for the courtyard.
Omg...they locked the balcony bec stupid ppl threw alcohol from the balcony 4 months ago...who did it?
These ceilings make Asian people feel tall.
Brunch buffet $26
Live Regis and Kelly tx 11/29/10 free standby!
Pool concerts are amazing!  Acoustics are awesome!
If you're a local you can enjoy the seafood buffet for 25% off ($34 a person includes tax) and kids under 4 are free
Ready for @jefftimmons_98!! Woo..
I Shld've taken pic of nasty bathroom - STAY AWAY ! u get what u paid for tho & check ur acct balance right away !  they will overcharge for this dump "motel". it's totally unsafe - bad overall property lighting
Late FAT TUESDAY!!..lol
Here we GO!!
Good times!!
go green lantern!
Wooo! @BonJovi nxt weekend here..
Rockin'!! Def Leppard / Poison
Yummy..:)
Rock On!!
Me & Olya had a sudden abruptive itch to go watch Battleship in the coolest theater in town
LOVE this casino. Especially the air fresheners!
NYE stop #1.  Stunning residential suites!!
Olympia after party with Bodybuilding.com
B-I-N-G-O!
I wanna live here :)
Go somewhere else
Mob tour time
Pauly d at moon. Yes im ashamed of myself.
Hey casinos, thanks for doing this cobblestone nonsense. Its really fun and not dangerous at all when walking in high heels!
There's no bathroom near the dice pit which makes this a horrible casino in my mind.
If anyone needs me, I'll be at the dice pits.
This place is a dump.
Aloha
For a cool hassle free place to party here check out V Bar Ultra Lounge. Friendly staff, great service, and they serve hookah!
The Birthday Celebration begins!
Vegas Streats!!! Food trucks. Yeahh!
$3 Jameson shots. Done and done.
Beautiful poolside cafe.
My fav. About to move in to the residences.
Wear your best ladies...
The outside bar is the place to be! Great flair bartenders!!
Nice rooms!
$20 resort fee includes: Internet, access to cardio center, shuttle service to Forum Shops, USA today, 2 for 1 drink vouchers, unlimited local calls, airline boarding pass printing and copies and faxed at the front desk.
Got my free UFC T shirt. :)
Love the late night bowling and beers!
Beautiful hotel .... Extremely clean ... Fast services !!!!
Let Spring Break begin!!
Vegas Baby !!!
Bartenders at Skybox Bar are Outstanding!!!
Beautiful
Secret Pizza :-)
Gandola rides...so romantic XOXO
So crowded!
Good bye Vegas...thank you for the good times.
Heading to the sharks reef ;0
Do NOT come here if you are in a rush.  Come here to relax and enjoy the food!!  This casino is Vegas's secret !
Contrary to other reviews Super 8 Motel does not serve steak and beer.    But the CASINO next door does!    ;)
Can't knock a free hotel room!  ;)
Great room for free...can't beat that!
Lee's beer and tequila experience!!!!
Lei day las vegas....come visit us at the raffle booth!!!! It's a beautiful day in las vegas!!!  :)
Come see us at the raffle booth!
@ the tahiti fete w the girls...
Buffet with the fam bam: )
BINGO!!!!!!
Bingo
BINGO
Bingo
Gun show!
So I get there to go to gun show but its over, I looked on the Web site and it gave me todays date, so bummed my tip call first.
A full 3 days with my son, who will break first. My bet is on him hes 15, he  has so much energy. I want some. But failure is not an option Here's to good times and lasting memories.
Valet is full...
Your for UNLV students!
No casino!
For bouchon & gondola rides!
What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas!!?? Oh no. I was just at Linq. Zero reception any and everywhere!!
Work bitches
San Gennero is going on now. Shits popping.
This pool sucks
Stuck on poker
Love it so far! So clean and friendly
Love
Beautiful view
Good hotel with friendly and knowledgable staff.
Book early / they have been selling out
Staff are very friendly here.
Take a sip of the citrus-laden water to the left of the front desk and just taste your troubles fade away...
Incredibly rude owners! Cussed me out for asking what the black scum was in the jacuzzi tub. Also told me they were calling the police because I called the front desk at 7am. Not worth the money! Spend the same amount and get a suite at the Hampton inn in Robinson and get a nicer room with a clean jacuzzi and a very nice continental breakfast. This place is disgusting, beds are uncomfortable and owners are nasty!
This hotel has character.
Comfy beds!
All who enter ye be warned.
I had to stand in a lake of pee in the men's room to use the bathroom.  Nice crowd, had an Internet jukebox.  Other than being filthy....
Pretty and relaxing patio on a warm evening. Aperol spritz time!
Dave Mathews is here tonight.  What a zoo!
Average continental breakfast, $18 self-park.
Valet. Downtown parking is the worst!
Park on the street after 6! It's free!
Very nice hotel!
Parking is not included in ur room. Also when checking in its quickly told to move ur car or it will get towed. Its awkward when ur here for a family function and someone has to run in the rain. also parking is 14 per room. !!!: /
Great place to stay. Surprising for Holiday Inn express. Worth the money.
3:30 AM fire drill!
The most hospital hotel I have ever been in.  5 Stars. All great people and staff
Perferct place to stay when going to a baseball game.
charge for parking after first hour on first day. 1-4 hr for 7 dollar
hotel room is not clean
Not worth it if paying full price
Love the ambiance. This hotel is elegant and lovely. It's quite large so, though it is full of folks here for the Fiesta Bowl, it doesn't feel "full".
The Starbucks outdoor seating area is lovely and rarely full of people. Enjoy a few quiet moments outside!
Free breakfast rules when you have 4 kids
Blah other than the location. My internet went down. Location is great.
Pool rocks
A unique design reminiscent of Falling Waters and frank l wright. Very different feel from you're standard Hilton . I like it so far.
Boo Hilton !!!!
Avoid
River view baby!!
Super clean, and everyone is so friendly. Very near Pitt campus.
Wifi is awful. 0-1 bar in rooms. Not useable. Do not stay here if you have to get work done...
Don't expect the mildly seedy place of a couple years ago, El Cortez has had a bit of a facelift. Still, $5 single deck blackjack!
This Holiday Inn is now a Wyndham.
Apparently, pets are allowed in this hotel: good for pet owners, bad for those trying to get some rest....
Gotta check out the fountain show, especially at night!
The pirate ship show used to be a wholesome, fun show for all ages.  More recently, they reworked the pageant into a more raunchy one.  Sigh....
Parking is $20 a day. Or street parking with meters. They don't charge all day only 8am to 4pm. 25 cents for 30 mins
Love the Lion Habitat!
Pool table and bar in the lobby. May not have a casino, but there are plenty around.
Walk to through the doors for the parking garage to get to the mall.
Beautiul, modern hotel
Still here.
Love this hotel! If you are Starwood Preferred its like being royalty. Fresh fruit in room upon check in, green choice option-I get $5 credit voucher everyday 4 forgoing housekeeping.
Here for a wedding. Woken up at 6 by drilling and sawing. No clue what they were doing. Had to call the desk twice. Awful.
Shuttle does not go to the airport. It will however for free take you 3 miles in every direction. The shuttle driver should be tipped. He goes above and beyond and had a tour guides knowledge of the area. He told us about this diner!!! Thank you!
Love everything about this hotel. So glad to be a part of the team!!!
Noisy/needs updated/food was horrible/
Wifi is slow
Delicious coffee oddly enough. N64 turn the TVs? How retro
Sign up for omni rewards at the front desk, you'll get free wifi.
Last time I was here I noted in a review that I wished they had full length mirrors in the rooms. Well, they still don't have them in most rooms, methinks, but guess who just noticed a full length mirror leaned against the wall? Now that's service.
Farewell for now, Omni. See you next quarter.
It was nice when they placed a full length mirror in my room. Standing on the toilet does not quite cut it.
Great hotel for staying in Pittsburgh, the hotel restaurant was excellent and the service was superb.  Beautiful building with a rich history, convenient underground parking garage across the street too.
Very nice hotel, but no parking associated with it, and no complimentory breakfasts. Our view was the building next door. But you can't beat it in terms of opulance and yhe historic features. Our hotel we stayed in Phili was much roomier with a balcony and beautiful view.
Great hotel!!
Nice! Reminds me of The Palmer House in Chicago only bigger!
Super nice hotel.
Classy old hotel. Our room is huge! Lucky us!
Parking tip: park in underground parking lot below Mellon Square. The cost is $5 a day on the weekend vs $32 a day to valet. And the valet uses the same parking garage.
$400 for a room with no free wifi, no free breakfast and no parking validation! Even the bagel place downstairs has free wifi.
Lovely, historic hotel close to a wide variety of restaurants.
The Mellon Square garage is $5 weekends, but $19 weeknights. Womp womp.
Great service
It's nicer than the lobby looks.
Clean and comfortable. Parking situation downstairs is very confusing (and expensive).
Ask for a room on the side facing the river and check out the nice little pool in the basement.
Hmmm? So-so. Hotel is nice enough....evening management fairly unresponsive, unfortunately.
Bathrooms are a little small.
The sign on the back of the door says up to $500 a night One would think they could eradicate the mildew in the shower? I guess if one pays $92 on Hotwire you get what you pay for. Otherwise a decent place.
Check out the waterslide
Perfect for Pen's games or anything being held at the Consol Center!
Free breakfast for gold and diamond hilton members.
Get free cookies every day.
Small rooms 20 bucks for a refrigerator and high food prices
Don't stay here!  Poor service small rooms and not worth 200+ dollars.
Jerks lied and said $200 deposit has been in effect over a month...never said that when I booked 18 days in advance
Nice & clean very spacious
The Red Room is where you will conceive your child.
Back at the B&B, lounging!
Fast service. Best to check pay by Credit card when traveling abroad.
Friendly staff. A bit weird having a whirlpool tub in the bedroom though. Makes the room not very kid friendly.
It actually is a lot like home, only it smells 37% less urine-y
Great location.  Easy to walk or take T anywhere downtown. Or use their shuttle!
Great place from which to do a walk of shame!
Spend a night to give a talk. Nice quiet resort. Nothing fancy but it is nice relaxing place. Room are clean. Service are friendly.
Doesn't make any sense for the money. Looks like a motel 6 and costs about $40 more.
Careful walking out of your room through the sliding glass doors. I slipped on the water from our a/c unit.
Amazing, FREE breakfast buffet from 6-10am!!
Went here for lunch with a coworker. Had quite a selection to choose from. The Mac and cheese was ok. Tasted like it was tossed in valveeta cheese or a jarred ragu type cheese. The corn beef on the Reuben was fantastic! Friendly service. Waitress didn't hover over us and the place felt cozy.
Nice entrance
Borrow a DVD. List at front desk
the top of the world in las vegas!!!
Gordon Ramsay Steak!!
It looks the price we paid for it. The good thing being the fast, free Internet.
The breakfast has gotten better over the years.
Plan to do laundry at random times because the machines are usually busy
Very Comfortable beds, clean, great water pressure in showers.  All around a great hotel and a great price for the quality.
Great hotel for the price. Staff was friendly and helpful.
Heads on beds with a little style.
In house restaurant @ Hilton Gardens Dorval. If you gotta stay in, this place is tres bien.
The hotel is a bit dated.
The hotel may not be modern but it's well maintained and the customer service is outstanding. There's a boxing place a few blocks away that offers a free first class.
Bad sound insulation... I can hear from my room when the room next to me is flushing or taking a shower.
5th Floor... Club level... not hot water.  :(
Nice big and confortable.  The service is xclnt and friendly.
Thumbs up all around
Crappiest "breakfast" ever - breads, breads, or more breads.....
don't stay on a smoking floor. #gross otherwise a decent stay.
absolutely love this place. highly recommended - especially for pups.
still a huge fan. highly recommended!
Great option for southeast travelers.
very, VERY 70s interior. will post review soon.
A very amazing and elegant hotel
Niceee resort :-)
Nice remodel
Suites r amazing so speechless
Awesome place, liked the grilled fresh catch of the day, love the hush puppies
Total dump.  More like a Motel 6 than Hampton.  Only redeeming feature is the Hampton bed.  Avoid if possible!
Great place, great breakfast, nice bed
Free breakfast.
Seriously???  You decide to repave 90 percent of the parking lot at the same time????   No parking??? What a dump!!!
I guess it's been awhile since I've been here...they no longer have the roller coaster around the top. But, they still have the drop and two other "heart stopping" thrills!
Don't stay here
The brand spanking new hotel in DTwn LV! It used to the Lady Luck, but it has gotten a MAJOR facelift!
Text your valet ticket number for vehicle pickup!
Terry fator time!!
Damsel and Dominic are great and welcoming at check in.
The AC is turning on and off and making it difficult to hear the TV without having to adjust the volume every few minutes.
Door locks aren't working?  They issued keys to someone else for my room? 20 minutes waiting for security to let me into my room?  Wow...
You know you've made a bad choice in hotels when it takes a rewards card membership to call down for your car to be brought around (15 minutes and counting waiting now after handing the ticket in)
Happy with the service till I have to wait in a line to reset a room key at 2am....
Nice hotel but no wifi in the rooms, only in the lobby.
Nice hotel. Very nice lobby.
I only stay here in Charlotte.  Clean. Very friendly staff.  Love the Tues- Thurs complimentary wine and apps in lobby for hotel guests!
Nice clean hotel. On par for Sheraton
I wouldn't stay here again.
Defintely a great stay here..
Shuttle runs every 30 minutes... It's every hour and half hour. On the dot! Reliable, but not if you're in a hurry!
Searching
Nice place, great rooms, friendly staff.  Been here four days - very satisfied.
Clean, close to interstates and inexpensive.  Great use of technology - ideal for business travelers.
Be prepared to order dinner or lunch off-site, there is no restaurant here.
Very nice hotel!! I don't think I want to leave!!
Thursday night live jazz in the lobby bar. It doesn't get more relaxing than this!
This is a beautiful hotel.  The view from my room was spectacular!
The gym has a fantastic view!
Complimentary breakfast includes made-to-order omelette bar and Starbucks brewed coffee. Mmm.
The white chocolate raspberry cheesecake at the H Bar downstairs is delicious.
Riding with the kids....
The Drake is an overall great destination for any day of the week, whether you're looking for a drink, a meal, or an event.  Get the lobster nachos.
The iron in room 402 is REALLY HOT! So hot that it will burn a hole straight through the only pair of pants you have for the one function you drove 400miles from MD to NC for.  LOLL Yes I ended that sentence w a preposition! Sue me!
Great place to buy drugs or visit a prostitute!
Take the shuttle.  They will drive you to any business within three miles
Opened up Just this last Thursday. Has that brand new smell. Close to Gateway airport.
Overall a nice clean well run hotel.
Best hotel off the Fremont Street Experience.
I used the self check in kiosk & saved myself the hassle of being polite to the desk clerk AND saved time. Yes!!
Quadzilla is the bees knees!
Park the car, time for a cab :o)
Nice staff, enjoyed stay. Will come back.
Upgraded to the most awesome of suites! Oldie but STILL a goodie!
The penthouses are awesome so stay if you can!
Done with training! Headed home. This was a nice place to stay for a month!
This is now a Quality Inn. Pretty decent. Nice breakfast, ok workout room. Staff is pretty nice. The cleaning staff does a good job.
The service is amazing, everything you can think of they provide. Like the service truly is un-matched.
The bartender at Evoke, Xavier is amazing! He is a true bar tender and made amazing drinks! He also does some pretty dope magic tricks. Cool bar, really good food, cool atmosphere. Great low key chill spot for post work.
Thank You for showing the home team some love... CAROLINA PANTHERS
Pet-friendly hotel that doesn't look like or smell like one. It's a great hotel.
Upgrade to a suite if you can. The regular two queen rooms are so so. Stayed in worse.
Nice staff. Food and beverage service great. Eggs for breakfast were good. Skip the sausage. Yogurt and bananas delicious. Thanks Marriott!
Great rooms!
Ask for Jeff in the pub. Great service!
Love it here!
Gorgeous here
Love this place! Modern, comfortable.
I love how clean the rooms are!
Better and less expensive than Capt Steve's.
Good food, that is not expensive. Daily specials and fast service. nice place for seafood.
They are remodeling on the first floor so not the great experience I'm used to. I'll try someplace else when I'm in town agin in a couple months, maybe come back if I'm here again in 2015.
Yikes!  Extortion prices for a beer in the lobby.   Skip the convenience and walk to one of the local joints.
Clean and close to I-85
not helpful
DO NOT stay here... very dirty hotel!! The only time my sheets get changed, is when I strip the bed. The floor is never vacuumed and at least once a week, the "cleaning" person puts regular dish soap in the dishwasher. When I first arrived, there was a moldy coffee filter in the coffee machine. Manager is incredibly rude as well. I forgot to mention how unsafe it is. People have asked me for money while I was getting into my car...in the parking lot.  Good luck if you choose to stay here.
This place is NOT good.
Holy mothballs in room 108 Batman!  Hope I don't smell like it in the morning!
Friendly front desk folks and cookies in the evenings!
First impression? Wow, best Hampton Inn I've been to.
Get above the first floor. The first floor has bad ventilation so it is hot and humid so there are mold and mildew issues.
Great for a short stay or lay over , it's clean ,great service from a very friendly staff
Great hotel for road warriors.
Decent place, would return!
Clean room. Service was good  cheep rooms.
Clean, no frills sleeping  accommodations. Nice hot shower in the morning.
Great value and location!!!
Our new favorite hotel chain
I'm watching a buffet breakfast line of 300 ladies. Only one table of food and the line started 20 minutes ago.
Don't stay here is my tip.
Don't expect to eat here if your flight gets delayed. Kitchen closes at 10pm.
Crap bar selection
Managers reception! Get your tickets at check in and use them by 7pm!
It's simply beautiful!!!
Nice but everywhere you go it sounds like you are trapped in a Hollister store. Loud never ending thump thump music.
For SPG members,  you're better off staying at the more centralized in Uptown and convenient Westin or ALoft or if you don't mind a hike, the Ballentyne Luxury Collection is a much better option.
Good location with food all close by
Never again
Very clean
Not bad. Layout is odd. The sink area is by the beds. No privacy or door/wall to separate the area
There was roaches, it stunk and there was a nasty looking stain in the covers
Grab an end room, closer to the exits. Also, all rooms are smokeless
I wouldn't suggest staying here...
Close to 77
Well appointed suite
a coffee maker and a whirlpool tub in the room... decisions, decisions.
This is a standard Homewood and is pretty new. No complaints.
Awesome, fun and great priced hotel! Pet and kid friendly!
This place is old, do not expect much. Behind Waffle House!
They have local beer and they are great!!
One of the best I have stayed in, when on business.
No room with a view this year :(
Amazing hotel, great suite overlooking the golf course! I'll stay here again for sure!
My favorite hotel on the country very beautiful!! :)
How does a bar run out of Pinot noir and gay goose?
Quick check in.
This hotel will grant you 500 Marriott points for each night if you forgo housekeeping services!
This location is well maintained and the property associates are extremely polite and helpful.
Bar closes at 12
Friendly valet & front desk. Clean & spacious room!
Dislike the showers here. Dislike them a lot.
Rooms that face the freeway can be noisy.
Now I cant get that jingle out of my head
Enjoy wonderful Toronto at The Rex. Good beer, better jazz.
Great country. Great bartenders. Great beer.
Can't handle a crowd
Manager was yelling at a waitress for not telling us about the specials... While we were looking at the menu... No thanks...
Just the best sandwich in the world. "The Adventurer". Sirloin steak + French fries + lettuce + tomato + horseradish. Delicious.
Great food/service  for an awesome price!
Awesome food for a reasonable price!
Boys. Noize.
Caesar is home
The Best Hotel in Vegas IMO ( besides check in staff being rude )
Not very welcoming check in - good luck getting customers to come back again.
Super close to PNC Park
*TONS of kids - would not recommend for romantic get away
Old hotel,but free wifi!
Warm chocolate chip cookie at check in! :)
A little bit of a far off location but my room and was nice, comfy and clean.
Really cheap hotel.... Just 49$ per night.
It usually got nice deal. Just around 70 dollar per night.
Upside: it was only $60.67 after tax and fees. Downside .... Pretty much everything else.
Getting ready to check out of this crappy hotel
100th Bomb Group reunion
Resort
Manager's reception with complimentary snacks & cocktails 5:30pm-730pm.
Relaxed bartenders, very cheap drinks, and clean and spacious bathrooms
Beautiful place for an anniversary dinner!
If you love unique architecture and refurbished old buildings, you will love this place! You can read about the development project here: https://druryhotels.com/content/historic-renovations-cleveland
Very Friendly staff
Worth it to pay for The Hideout Pool $10-$50 and you won't have to deal with kids,or finding a chair!
Gym is immensely hot! It's a built in steam room with a TV!
Book through Expedia with your flight, and the stay is basically free. Come by before checkout time in morning to see if you can check, and avoid the afternoon/evening lines at the desk. Whenever you are done partying in Vegas, take Paradise blvd or one of the other backroads and enter the parking lot that way to avoid all the traffic and lights on the strip.
Crazy contemporary & classy rooms! Totally unexpected.
One of the prettiest hotel lobbies.
Remodeled 11th and 12th floors lovely and great value! Love MGM Grand.
Hotel is beautiful but the valet definitely farted in our car.
Free cookies? What? Love this place already!
It has lots of good entertainment and restaurant options nearby!
Holsteins is absolutely wonderful for burgers and shakes! It has one of the best beef burgers I've ever had in the US.
I am so disappointed.400.00 for a dirty small room.I'll never go back
Dated interior, like staying in a hotel circa 1997 (or is it 1987?). That's not a good thing. There are better Renaissance properties.
Newly renovated! Room is bigger than regular Marriott hotels. Great service and they use Aveda products for bath and beauty products!
Its ok. Barely measures up to a Renaissance level though. Location is the selling point and the staff is awesome. Place needs updates in some rooms especially bathrooms. 3 stars and thats generous compared to other Renaissance level locations.
Make sure you get a room that faces the street and not the atrium.  Unless you like getting woken up to the sounds of Marco  Polo.
Clean and service is top notch.
Pay extra for the suite, you won't be disappointed.
Great location, stately hotel.
Just okay...considering the price of $250 a night I am not impressed
Thus hotel us part of the Marriott family. Make sure to give them your Marriott rewards number at check-in.
Ask for a room up high so the train isn't as load.
Da crib
Stayed here for a couple of friends' weddings and the accomodations are both classic and beautiful.
Traffic around the hotel is terrible. There is constant honking of car horns day and night. The view of the square is nice, but the noise level is not.
Didn't enjoy the first impression as I scraped the rim of my WRX thanks to the valet's too-tight slalom course. Lack of a good way finding system from the elevators to the front desk was another negative. But, those things aside, ya gotta love a new hotel. Young cat Michael was super helpful at the front desk. And again, everything's new here.
Just a fun afternoon with my wife.
Best Crab legs in Vegas
Parking garage elevator is not working this morning!
Great brunch and service by Lane!
Very nice room, pleasantly surprised when we arrived.
Easy check in, room is good sized as well. Can't figure out what this odor is though......
Home sweet home!
Pure kitsch. Love it!
Open free wifi!
Parking with Validation $5 with in and out
The seating area near SB has such a high noise level. I suggest if you need a time out, go to various public area all around the property
Right Across from RTA
Love those comfy cushioned seats! They have big sectional that can accommodate big groups!
Surprisingly they have some local crafted beers in bottles..
Nice spa!
Awful. Almost hard to believe they part of Starwood.
Lovely property and great staff.
Couldn't wait for this hotel to open. Not up to the usual Starwood standard for warmth and hospitality. But will try again next visit to CLE.
Rude rooftop.  Property is nice but the scene at Azure is laughable.
Want to know how to piss me off? Allow cigarette smoking but don't allow cigar smoking in your casino. Idiots. If you allow smoking allow all smoking not just cigarettes.
Brunch is served 10am-2pm Sat & Sun. Seems like a reservation is recommended.
Fun modern decor and upbeat, friendly staff make this a great place to crash in Cleveland
The decor is awesome.
What a shithole.
They have a well stocked bar but I'm to scared to drink here
Use valet parking!
Great place to stay if your from out of town and wanna catch a Cavs or Indians game. Free shuttle to the rock n roll history museum too.
Check the pillows.  We were horrified.
Worst mattresses ever!  Nasty pillows, dirty towels & horrible roll away beds. No attention for details.
Terrible service. The pool was closed, no one informed us of this, and they refused to discount our stay. We won't be back. Ruined the whole trip.
Sucks major dong, don't come here.
Shit hole.
Got the best room in the house, corner suite looking over the stadium!
Hellooo Cleveland.   Hellooo.
Hello Pittsburgh
The driveway for parking is right past the hotel entrance on Carnegie. Take a ticket to get in the gate.
This property doesn't participate in the until Oct 2014 Double/Triple point promo.  I found out after my stay.  Silly me for not checking the fine print / details!
Nice quiet place with a full kitchenette.
Laundry is a good activity when trying to get ready for a next day night shift.
BIG jacuzzi tub!
Okay place. Good service. A little heavy on the air fresheners in the room & hallways. Nice pool & exercise room.
Never again.
Stay here only if you have to.
Nice room. No tub; doesn't matter to me but maybe to others.
Great place to get away
Very nice, quiet, close to everything but away from the crazy traffic
United Airline screwed up my flight, so they comped me a room and a couple meal vouchers. Free WIFI and a nice front staff!
Business travelers beware, the courtyard does not charge for Internet but this one does because it is full service hotel
Nice staff. Clean and quiet. The food downstairs at amp was above average
$8 daily parking fee...it is an airport hotel, after all.
Denny's is right next door and a gas station across the street, convenient location.
Ethernet wireless in rooms. Wifi only in lobby. Otherwise: excellent.
For those stranded in Cleveland they've got rooms - for now...
Why are there so many French here?  I would not want to go to a Houston-themed casino in France.
Terrible internet.
311
311
Boom
Free wifi.
Limited TV - no HGTV, no Food Network.
Mouton Brown toiletries in the room!
Rooms are showing their age.  Darker paint shows chips and marks.  And allow minimum of 5 minutes for warm water from tap or shower - really wasteful.
Housekeeping needs a better checklist.  Several lights in the room were burned out, including one over the sink. How could you not noticed?  This morning the shower light is gone. Since all lights are old style fluorescents that are pretty dim, it's a dark start to the day.
Last night the nonstop noise of the ventilation system kept me up for hours.  It roared on even after turning off the heat.  Tonight they've "fixed" it - if the heat is off, it's quiet. That's the choice:  silence or heat (in Ohio in November). Brrrrrr.  I'm choosing silence.  Pile on the blankets.
Hasn't been updated in awhile.
Rooms are updated and very clean.  Flat screen TV.  Free breakfast as usual. Drinks and snacks available in lobby.
Brand new and nice!
I feel like a princess
I feel liken france!
So much AC!
Jabba here I come
Mystere tickets hopefully!
Mystere
Snpha conference
Greek baby
Not bad
Love it
Bus ride
Terrible service and low rent hotel, why come to vegas amd waste your time & money here?
Customer service not great, keycard for room works when it wants to.
Stay on the upper floors and get turndown service, and access to private lounge just for those floors with daily breakfast and happy hour.
We made it to Vegas!!!!!!!!!!
Hotel is smoke-free and very new and well-kept, but the bed is pretty hard :(
Absolutely amazing architecture
My guest room is fresh and contemporary -- nicer than expected!
The chips and dip was wonderful. The seared tuna salad was pretty good, but I've had better.
Another weekend of R&R.
They were kind enough to let me check in early. That's definitely a plus!
Free wifi for 2 hours! That's a nice touch!
Line to check is huge!
Last day of InterBike
Great service. Friendly staff. Rooms outdated but super comfy bed.
No free intenet at a hotel of this caliber??? Now I know why I choose Hilton...
get the resort package for free wifi and gym access
You can't really see the river, but you can really hear the train.
Wifi isn't reliable
The most professional and competent staff of any spg property I've been to (which is saying a lot, spg staff is consistent very good, and I stay in hotels more than 130 nights a year). Front desk, club lounge, house keeping all at the top of their game.
Their Internet is unreliable and never fast.
Now they're charging $5 to have a package delivered and held at the front desk. I wonder if they'll let us charge them every time the Internet doesn't work.
Internet still doesn't work.
Internet still doesn't work. Some of my colleagues have been coming here for almost 2 years, but still can't consistently check email.
You can try calling the font desk, but you'll just get a busy signal. They don't care if you have a good experience. Also, wifi still doesn't work. Even a little bit.
Warning!! Bags left with bellman even for a few hours after being given a 20 dollar tip come back damaged and obviously rifled through!   The management here fails at even the most simplest of tasks.  Strike 3 your out Venetian.  Not recommended!
FYI it was Cesar we left our bags with that came back rifled through and damaged after giving him a 20 dollar tip up front.  BEWARE!
Suites are awesome! Pool has some sweet shade. No casino though.
So far, so good.
Had a very nice stay. The room was very clean and the mattress very comfortable.
The closets and dresser here are far too small for stays more than 2 days.
Free wifi for Honors guests
Great place!
Great place! Clean, comfy, convenient, great value!
Love the free lobby candy bar during the day.
Free WiFi!
Book elsewhere.
We have different definitions of "clean" but I've stayed in worse places.
One word sums up this new hotel, SEXY!
Stayed here a couple of times.  Nice Penthouse suite!
Loved our room, quick check in, breakfast was average.
Stay here when visiting our son who goes to university of akron nice hotel great views of falls friendly helpful staff
Great hotel, get the creek suite
Be wary of taking an overly long or hot shower here. I managed to set off a fire alarm when I opened the door and all the steam rushed out.
Just FYI - the location on the Yelp map is off (no, the hotel is not on the runway,although it is close to the airport). Use the Google map.
My home for the next few weeks!   Christmas lights and all.
For the price, the room is a lot nicer than I expected. Would stay again.
Please see the "not recommended" reviews. Yelp filters out random reviews. This hotel does not appreciate their guests.
Excellent hotel with good breakfast
Jackie k is a liar !! It should be illegal to say here .Gross  !!!!! Nobody stay here ! Staff is nice but rooms are  smelly ,moldy,dirty,BUG INFESTED,overall disgusting ,breakfast wasnt even good but I forced myself to like it .
Don't stay here.
They double charge you by "mistake" and take days to reimburse.
I'm a HUGE fan of holiday inn expresses. They are a newer chain, they are well designed, clean and friendly! This one is conveniently near the Epic campus.
Really awesome Wednesday night guest reception! Beer and wine home brew from Wisconsin!
How wonderful to find a towel animal on my bed after a long day of travel.
Long work night.  Really working. Wish Starbucks was still open.
Bar will be busy tonight!!
The bar nuts have been obama'd. Seriously cut.
One of the best hiltons around. Lake or Capitol view. Both are great.
Skip the breakfast buffet and order of the menu.  The panini is a little oily, but good a "cure" for a long night.
Pool floor rooms have direct pool access via sliding doors. Plus or minus depending on your preference.
Eh
Finishing the night off with a slice of pizza pie. This town is too much.
Get the governors club! Open bar and appetizers in executive lounge. Friendly bartenders
when on doubt, most of the restrooms are in the casinos. wonder why that is...
Training in WI. It's rather nice! $114 a night w work discount. Thanks work.
Slowest elevators EVER.
Great Hotel!!!
Love this place!!!
Deluxe GO rooms are a great! Little bit on the small side - but clean, great location and usually found around $50/night! Awesome.
Mmmm delicious oatmeal and chocolate cookie when you check in :)
Crowded, noisy, internet doesn't seem to work.
Pretty much the most 'mericuh friendly hotel one could dream of.  Not that I'm complaining.   Free everything, pool, hot tub, fitness center, nice room.
Friendly staff. Carpets in serious need of replacement.
Don't come here if you have kids who aren't Amish. We got kicked out because our kids were up at midnight.
Lake View is the way to go
The fountain outside is nice at night.
Great view of Monona Terrace from the Capitol Club.
No fridge!!!!
Drinks on the pier. Good stuff.
Nice hotel, staff was great.
Last week here
Degenerates all around me.  And I'm one of them.
Like a W Hotel, but decked out in Badger Red.
There's a frat house next door that likes to blast music for the world to hear...sigh...
Rooms can get hot...air conditioners are junk and thermostat doesn't seem to do much.
The rooms are circa 1970 and the tv's circa 1985 and 19" diameter old round screen tube style.
Cirque!!
Awesome pools!
Great find in Madison! Everything is in walking distance.
Great food, and great service!
Wow....11th floor with Governor's Club....nice!!
Are you kidding me? This is swank! Drinks, apps, fire, enormous views.
Yay for the Governor's Club! Boo for the noisy ac/heating unit. But overall it's a wonderful place.
Great service as always! Thanks Ryan for making it a speedy check in.
Free Capital beer....how can you go wrong?
Nice hotel! Great location!
Lots if great places to eat here
Sometimes you can get lucky like me and get a hotel room here for super cheap through Travelocity's secret booking deal!
Weekday salad bars is the way to go.,
Great location pretty much across the street from the capitol building.
Nice view, nice rooms, great bed. Slept like a baby.
Governor's club is where it's at!
Check-in here and live a block away from the historical Capitol State Building. Everything is walkable from here.
Conveniently located across Bata Shoe Museum and Innis College, UFT.
Pretty nice hotel - free full breakfast daily
This place is great!!
Internet is pretty much unusable here. When you call crappy outsourced IT support make sure to give them results from speedofme website to get them moving. Be prepared for battle, multiple calls and escalation.
B-cycle station is right across the street.
The hostel is shoes-off, so bring a pair of slippers!
Frozen Lemon Sorbettini at Trevi!
They are pet friendly! Yippie!
40 minute wait to get checked in and then the keys didn't  work
Modern cozy design.
Got the room for 70 bucks. Staff was polite, room is nice. Parking is free and convienent.
Note to self: this hotel has a shuttle that goes downtown every half an hour - so even though it's not exactly on State St., it will get you there.
Stay away
Wall is paper thin. Listening to a phone call loud and clear with no attempt to eavesdrop. Shut the hell up over there!
Place is a zoo. And they have captive wild animals caged here!
Don't gamble here. Go to old Vegas where they smile as they rape you :)
I wrote three yelp reviews waiting in the check in line. #slowestlineever
HUGE sleepnumber bed!
Don't get any rail cocktail
Whirlpool room!
Decent pool area for the kids. My niece loves the slide. Friendly staff. Our king size bed was pretty comfortable. Mildew in the shower. Fridge was unplugged so the little freezer had defrosted an filled the catcher with water. Moving it without spilling: impossible.
Kevin is your friend :)
Kinda dated place; low cost everything though. If you are doing Vegas on a budget, this is your place. Average quality; nice folks..
Happy Hour 5-7!  2 free drinks-- unless you're a Club member--then you get 4!!
10 out of 10 would use that bathroom again. Like Egyptian cotton...
Nice! Got a room upgrade!
The other guys lost our reservation so we got rooms here. Nice place!
Party time with the fellas...
Phil Italian Steakhouse with partners
I have a Jr suite,.it has a King bed, stove, apt size fridge & sofa bed. Nice for the price.
Busy locals Hotel/casino on Lake Mead Bl. in Henderson, motorcycle ride close to both the Lake, River and Valley of Fire State Park.  Hotel is a bit worn out. Casino is just ok. Good video poker but only one craps table.
Has a great pool. Small but clean and water temp was just right. About 20 minutes to downtown during non rush hour. Overall great stay
Cheap, yet decent for an overnight layover...free 24-hr shuttle from O'Hare
We are here for an early departing flight  on a park-n-fly package.  So far the desk guy is very nice and the place is really clean.
Pet friendly which is pretty evident in the rooms
Very nice VIP service
Ask for an exterior room. Interior has no daylight and is noisy.
A nice Holiday inn. The guest services were very accommodating.
This hotel has to really work on fixing their heating/cooling unit. It kept me up all night. Finally turned it off to get some  semblance of sleep.
Way off the strip, plain rooms, oversized tubs.   Nice staff!
Grab a Stone IPA over domestics for a buck more!
Beautiful place for photos and a stroll.
Actually getting ready to check out, been here for 2 days.
Terrible location for handicap rooms - the farthest point from the elevator, at least on the second floor. Be warned!
Workie, workie.  Glorious fader jockey for the night.
Paradise!
Ask the manager if the pools are open! we asked 3 times, got 3 answers and they were all wrong!
Good time. Great pool bar but bring mucho $$$$$. Order beer by the bucket for a price break
Amazing resort! 2nd time here and I I've found more and more things I enjoy about the place
Checked in last night for GIFTED! So excited to be speaking on Sunday!
Kissing my Beloved in Paris
So happy to be back here for CEO Space!!
Not even Noon & already made great contacts at CEO Space!
The "green hotel" feature credits you 500 points or $5 voucher if you opt out of housecleaning for the day.
The "green hotel" feature credits you 500 points or $5 voucher if you opt out of housecleaning for the day.
Beautiful and relaxing resort! Wonderful customer service from valet!!
Good luck trying to gamble here every machine was taken!!
The hotel rooms walls are paper thin you can hear everthing!!
Beautiful conference resort. Only the Arizona-style elevator music (tranquil flute) is annoyingly piped throughout the resort and live at the bar in the evenings.
They now charge $5 for parking at this dump. Are they kidding?
Resort is great but restaurants a little pricey.
If you have status ask for an upgrade to the  deluxe or governor's suites.  The rooms end in 82 in the Pima wing.  Living room, dining room table, 2 sided fireplace and multiple patio/decks overlooking the stream and the golf course.  1 1/2 baths as well.  Bose surround sound entertainment system built in.
If you have status, ask to be upgraded to suite 1511.  Lots of space, 2 rooms essentially, and on the corner of the hotel.
Playing tonight with Cee Lo... just before Tiesto!
We don't even sleep.
Living the suite life. ;)
When you have crazy friends, you do crazy things like go to Vegas for less than 24 hrs and in the spur of moment.
Unlimited champagne and beer.
Bday celebration time!!!!!!!!!!
King Bed rooms - Fridge is under the safe in the closet
You can book a wedding on the Siren's ship! Hahaha
If You are in rooms 5020-5070 you will not be able to find it & the check in clerks will give you wrong directions--TWICE!
I'm never staying here again.
HRH Tower Suites! They're amazing.
Love the Wynn..maybe my new place to game
Viva la france..via las vegas
I live the Palazzo the rooms are awesome
Drinks...yum
Fun and Dirty love it
Back again for lunch at Holsteins
Back here again I love it. At the private lounge having a drink
Cosmo lounge
This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. If you visit charlotte NC do not stay here. The rooms are dirty, the sheets were not clean, the fridge stinks when open. Nothing was wiped down. This was horrible. Attached is a picture of the stained sheets. Disgusting.
Nice hotel
Great food, good beds
Craps tables
Oh no...this place is awful.
My dad favorite hotel
The premier rooms have a hospitality room with breakfast and evening appetizers.  a great amenity if you don't  want to spend the whole evening having dinner and you want to get back to the tables.
Stinks
Its clean, affordable, has free wifi, a pool I dont use, paul mitchell toiletries, a decent free breakfast, a tub shower combo as opposed to just a shower like its hyatt neighbor, fridge and many more standards.  If you put your luggage under the hanger rod where the luggage stool is, watch your head, I bumped my head on hanger rack like 2-3 times already.  The tv is centrally located in the room so you can just swivel the flat screen to face the bed.
Attention uber users : uber pickup is at the north entrance on Reno road. They are not authorized to pick up at front of lobby.
My favorite casino and hotel in all of Vegas. Why I decided to stay somewhere else is beyond me. #missyouWynn
Way to many families and kids for the ultimate Vegas experience. I will not be staying here again.
Best hotel in Vegas
While this hotel is a little farther north on the strip it's still a great place to stay. Highly recommend it!
Chelsea the front desk "supervisor" is horrible! she gave the worst service possible and I will never stay here again! EVER!!!
not clean, horrible cab line pick up, you get what you pay for, won't stay here again
Nice eclectic attendants 2 out of 3 very nice, restaurant good but server not very good, expensive drinks but good
The variety of food is great!
Great Fitness Center!!
At a movie premier for A Man Called Nereus. Directed by my stepdad's cousin!
Overnight self parking is $19 a night with in and out privileges. Valet with the same is $27.
Worste customer experience ever, sorry I wasn't in a 5million $$ dress.  They just assumed I was there to cause ruckus, when truly ive been in the hotel business since I can remember, so it's best for you to get rid of tiara/maria and whoever else dealt with Zach and I tonight because we never meant harm to come to your restaurant, but obviously you don't have that great if a hireling process.  Stuck up people and BAD SERVICE at the @Marriott, big surprise.
No parking for big rigs.
Dated rooms. Poorly maintained. High noise level.  View of parking garage. Old bedding and towels. Asked to change room, request not granted by front desk staff.
Ask for a room that will give you a beautiful sunrise in the morning.
Awesome hotel, a must stay!
This place is just awesome, rooftop bar and lounge next to the pool was stellar.
Reserve a room and the didn't give what was promised. 2 queen beds means one bed a broken falling apart rollout, broken a/c, broken bathroom door and double charged parking. Promised a refund haven't seen it since.
Just checked in and starving from my trip... went to the hotel restaurant "networks" and stayed waiting for someone to take my order and a couple sits down next to me and they got service... I was so mad for waiting that long and not getting acknowledged I have half the nerve to cancel my stay and risk going somewhere else... the service sucks at networks or at least non-existent
Gift shop for snacks closes at 10:30p, not very convenient
Beautiful resort with two golf courses, beautiful gardens and walking trails. Several onsite restaurants including Starbucks.
Spoiling easy to get lost in there!!!!
Nice hotel
Rapid Roullette is great fun.
Dumpy rooms. Good thing it is free. Maybe the "upgraded" (aka updated) rooms would be worthwhile. Susan at front desk was friendly, as was valet (free, by the way)...
Busy Memorial Day weekend... Garden in huge flowers and birds Finches to be exact). It is OK, but not as spectacular as other displays in the past...Nice that flags are hanging in honor
Nice property. 10th floor garden nice from View at Bouchon and corridor w/old world fire lantern lights is lovely.
Quite nice hotel and lobby.
Ask for discounted rate. Got a 150$ room for 109$
Slots comps the best here
Conference time. Great location.
Yes, we have arrived!
Come on black jack!!!
Pai gow!!!!!
Agree with other Elites, run away from this place, run down, pools closed, jacuzzi's broken, no hot water in the rooms, poor customer service...bad...really bad!
Black jack!!!!
Renovated rooms, nice!!!
Vegas style
Starbucks coffee, Tazo tea and some bakery items
Savory breakfast sandwiches are not good and sitting on a steam table for who knows how long
Love heated pool plus pool toys  great free hors d'oeuvres and cocktails on Monday through Wednesday.   Be sure and turn into the mall to get to the property not on the main road.
For a good view of the strip, request a room on the 20th floor or higher.
Back at one of our favorite places over the holidays and our 1year anniversary. James hooked us up with a very cool 1 bedroom suite - and it's really sweet! Love ya baby!
The hotel spa is nice facility but lacks attention in maintenance and amenities.
Has a deli located inside that has anything you need from toothbrush to vodka!  And they bake pizzas! Opened till 8
cant emphasize enough that this is the best hotel in vegas
Smells like vanilla
The people working upfront are idiots. They are rude and people there are trash. Stay away.
Hubby's Tri-State tradeshow, I told him I'm tagging along & bringing our son.  He's beyond ecstatic everytime I come with, actually speechless lol.
Vegas, Baby!
Quirky Frank Lloyd Wright theme. Mostly done well with a few small odd.
I'll be here in a few weeks! Looking forward to staying in a different hotel!
American district nice happy hour venue
Sigh...I wish I could be rich enough to live here.
This suite is Sweeeet.
Cobb salad with shrimp.
David Copperfield. Go see him. Great entertainment.
free breakfast 6a-10a pretty decent too
free fast wifi
u can smoke anywhere in arijona unlike cali
rumor has it u can smoke cigar and eat steak here. wooo
Playing il divo!!!  Damn i love this place. Io Amo
160 per night 4/22
99 per room.
Yep
Free WiFi, just remember, you get what you pay for.........
Looking for Rum Jungle..jk ;) Kanak attack- BJ Penn, lets go, Hawaiian ;)
Holy gaggle of teenage kids here. Not as relaxing as I'd hoped. Why no water slide in mid-June:(
Be careful when booking a "suite" Not really a suite:(
This place is no bueno. 4 months later and still no refund
Crap hole. Spend an extra $50 and stay at the Princess or JW Marriott. Poor poor management and service
The communication is seriously lacking
Awesome pool service and food is excellent.
Snobby!!! Disrespectful workers!!!! The buffet is not bad at all only...
play big and win big!!!!
Be careful. Don't do the meth and don't catch aids! If you smoke bedbugs you could probably find some here.
Be careful. Don't do the meth and don't catch the aids! If you smoke bedbugs you could probably find some here.
Reasonable price,comfortable nothing fancy.
Big truck and trailer parking.  Driver friendly.  Also no pet fees
Amazing view from the penthouse
No free wifi :( ...on the plus side- they serve sbux in the rooms :)
I will definitely come here AGAIN! This hotel has personality- so artsy, but classy, contempo look! Clean-BEAUTIFUL.Try Cartel Coffee Lab when here! Delish!
The service is great-- attentive... The atmosphere is eccentric-- beautiful artsy decor through and through.
Hotel is very clean and comfortable.
The 1 bedroom suite is off the hook! Fireplace and all!
Awesome deal with geoupon
It's all about the location.
Loving the free wifi
Was on the casino floor in front of the same poker machine for awhile but never saw anyone offering free drinks. Come on, a free Coke makes gambling more enjoyable. A manager did fly by twice to push in chairs but I never saw any other employees.
Very nice setting and the waitress is very attentive! Great chilled spot for lunch :-)
Beautiful lobby and huge suites!
Looks like a casino. Excited for Los Lobos.
Sitting in a cabana by the pool. This place is great!
Barron offers a fabulous massage!
Dude noone told me arizona was an hour ahead!!!
This is not a great place to stay.
Best hotel in Phoenix! Excellent service and staff exceeds every expectation!
Don't leave anything of value in your vehicle. My car was broken into in the parking garage at talking stick and apparently this happens fairly regularly. This happened under three cameras with my alarm going off.
Ok for an older hotel...
over a yr later and the tv still is static/fuzz in btwn channels w/ certain ones lol.. u'd think they would've fixed this bit by now! oh well.. comfy beds, pretty clean all around, and nice perks... majorly close to a few restaurants including outback steakhouse!
the tv's still do the static/fuzz in btwn changing channels lol, we were here 1 yr and 10 days ago, u'd think they would've fixed that by now lol..
Day four of eight staying here.... getting really sick of the incredibly high pitched screeching my shower makes...
Home sweet home. Loving HGTV!
Loving the six pillows after such a crazy long day. Aaahhh!
Home sweet Homewood Suites
Day three of eight here. So far so good!
Very Good
Expected more from a Starwood property.
Ask for a room on 7th or 8th fl.  Complimentary breakfast & dinner appetizers are included.
This can of soda was here from check in to check out
Wonderful staff and amazing customer service!
Ice machine of 6th floor was out of order  Carpet in 612 needs to be replaced
If they ask you to upgrade to Club Level say yes.  The other rooms are older and smelly.
Beautiful clean rooms!!! Awesome desk staff!  Price is amazingly low for the quality you get!  Highly recommend!  Glad we didn't see the reviews first... we are totally happy.
Outstanding breakfast FREE for hotel guests.  Take advantage!  6am-9am weekdays and open till 10am on the weekends.
Staff is very nice.  Still don't leave any valuables in your car...or room for that matter.
See my check in
Kind of a midscale dive. If you can stay someplace else, you should. Icing on cake was trying to print out my flight boarding pass - futile
Bring a full can of Fabreeze; even the "non-smoking" rooms reek like a Vegas casino.
VIP woot woot.. free drinks to boot
This place has been great :) Nice staff, clean, etc.
This is my favorite Las Vegas casino, off the strip yes. But such a relaxing environment. From the rooms to the restaurants this casino is awesome!! I heart Silverton ;)
2nd day luke-warm water at best in the Go-room. Called yesterday but they offered no solution. Nothing like waking up in Vegas to a warm (at best) shower.
This is the worst hotel ever! No Wifi as they claim! In a horrible area and refuse to even give you pillows. Tried to overcharge even though I had already paid through Orbit. I think the Mexican girl at the reception desk is stealing by over charging.
This hotel is a terrible place to stay.  The rooms don't include all the amenities and the ones that do have broken appliances. Check out is at 11 and they were knocking on my door at 10. The rooms have been a disaster every time I've stayed. I stay here as a vacation that's home away from home and honestly i would have rather stayed home. If i don't get a discount or a night comped next time i go in it will be my last visit. Oh also the price of the room i rented went up $10 in 3 days
Thought about it annnnnnd saw this....I'm assuming they had a bed bug infestation?
Great place to stay. If you're traveling without your motor home/trailer you can rent a cabin.
Good location and clean rooms. Several restaurants and shops nearby. Looks like the hotel went thru a recent renovation. Carpet seems new and they have new flat screen tvs with several channels. Would stay here again.
It's a beautiful morning in Phoenix!
Bye! Bye! Time to eat!!
Free wifi, but signal was too weak
Meh. It was convenient. Towels were wrapped in a cute bow on the tub. Lots of tv channels. Staff is kinda grumpy. Refrigerator stunk.
FREE soda w/ your check in!
What is there not to like about this place??? Check in was a breeze...rooms were very affordable, clean and very up to date!
You can borrow a blender, Yahtzee and DVD for a night in with the family.
;-)
Roach motel never have I seen such an infestation never again will I go here
It was okay. Could have been better. Please read my check in for details on stay.
Great Place
Use Hotels.com,that's how I booked and was pleased with the stay for one night.
In Az for work
Not the best hotel but definitely not the worst.  Decent for $$
today is National Pancake Day 02-05-2013 all you can eat
Good price for CDL and AAA  45.99 a night
Out of the three fast food joints in the lot. Go to the IHOP. At least the service and food is decent.
Great customer service. Remodeled rooms. No complaints perfect for price!
Not bad at all ! Annual awards where held in the ballroom and the food was great.
I love that it's located between Red Roof Inn and Holiday Inn. Somewhat hidden making it feel safer
Hidden between Holiday Inn and Red Roof Inn. Bring your own towels. Theirs are very rough.
Juanita at the check in desk is super sweet, courteous, helpful and genuinely nice. Thank you for your help this morning!
Stay far far away from this dump. First thing i noticed was the wires hanging from the ceiling...yup no smoke detector...the 1963 tv that didn't work....the semen stained sheets. The dirty bathroom with the previous persons hair in the tub....the toilet that looked.like it hasn't been cleaned in 3 weeks....the awful smell in the hallways let alone the smell in the room....the mold growing in the freezer...and the floor that hasnt been vacuumed in about 2 months.
First time here and at first glance all looks nice..,,pretty nice grounds from the inside,but as you drive out here from the strip you honestly start to wonder a little about the hood your traveling into. There are some really convenient restaurants right across the street and a grocery store which is a huge bonus for supplies.
Happy Hour! Poolside margarita what more do you want?
Don't order food pool side...my daughter just wanted some friends and it took over 50 minutes for some simple fries. I feel sorry for the bartenders who get the short end of the stick for a horrible kitchen crew. #getyourcraptogether
Woke up this morning and the weather here is awesome... Got out for a nice run. This resort is situated on a nice property with great areas to get out. I know Az sometimes gets a bad rap for how hot it is here but the early mornings are perfect...
Nice location. Clean rooms. Friendly staff. :-)
Where I lay my head is home...  Ready to ring in the New Year! 2014 Baby!!
Nice place!!
Each guest needs to show ID.                Bring your own: Shampoo, toothbrush, and toothpaste.
If you have family or friends you want to room, buy a double but only say its for yourself cause they charge more for extra people
Huge affordable suites. Book early!
Restaurants close early.
The elevators are a bit scary since there's maintenance going on. Where's the stairs.
Wow same here what a jerk
Nice roib
Nice
Decent hotel. Very nice staff. Rooms are dark.
Stay away from this unsafe, dirty motel; spend a little extra money and go down the road to Extended Stay America. It's very clean and there's no indication that the decay of society lodges there.
Great KA theater... enjoy this wonderful show by circus du solei
The buffet is amazing!!!
Soda machines only take debit/credit cards. The tap to pay didn't work with my Google Wallet either. Bummer!
New owners are working hard to restore this place to its former glory (with a forward attitude). Say hello to charming new manager, Turner B., and the friendly staff. Check out the limited (while they ramp up) menu of nicely presented favorites.   Can't wait to see the old fireplace warming a big crowd come Fall.
New owners are working hard to restore this place to its former glory (with a forward looking attitude). Say hello to the charming new manager, Turner B., and friendly staff. Check out the limited (for now) menu of nicely presented favorites. Love this old fireplace and can't wait to see it warming a big crowd come Fall.
Getting ready to renovate the bar area! Hope your enjoying your stay!
Great location great location great location,  I do not need to say anything else. Ask for a room facing the Pinnacle Peaks. The view from the 6th floor is breathtaking.
It is now a HoJo.
Gamble. Gamble. :)
My favorite hotel in PHX. Great place, good price, nice workout room and friendly staff. Amanda is always friendly and makes you feel at home.
Love this place. Good price, good staff. Amanda is always pleasant and helpful.
Love it! I will be staying here again for the weekend again soon, I loved it so much the first time. Pool is sparkling,  staff is very friendly, rooms are great and it's close enough to the house if I forgot to bring something. Steak house is priced well for the service and the delicious food that you receive. Definitely love it here
Poolside
Viva Las Vegas!! Chris Angel tonight!
The Sonoran desert well represented here at Hilton Tapatio Cliffs!! Pool side drinks and swim up bar is wonderful! No life guard on duty tho!! ;)))
This is awesome!!!
Vages baby !!! time to Party hard for the next 60 hours... who needs sleep?
I loved it here! So peaceful and relaxing. I will bring all my guests from now on.
I love being the first one to give a tip. The Homewood Suites is directly across from this hotel so please don't get confused.
The coffee shop here sells Starbucks coffee. However, they do not accept Starbucks cards FYI.
Some good golf staff worth chatting with. Bankruptcy Status Currently so its pretty Mickey Mouse'd.
Better, my keys worked this time.   Ya feel me??
You can use a prepaid card for their $25 holding fee when you check in.
Cockroaches in our room. SICK!
Very comfortable beds, clean rooms and a tasty free breakfast. Reasonable rates and the.grounds are kept up nicely.
The Rat Pack is back!
Coffee & OJ
Just Win Baby
Round 2
A dog friendly hotel on the strip
Happy hour starts at 9. Chinese oven roasted maui burger is amazing
Not going so well
Headed home
Happy Birthday Micah!
Margaritas at La Hacienda are amazing. They have a resident Tequillier (like a sommelier but for Tequila!) that can explain the differences between all the brands on hand. Including the rarest tequila at $420 per shot if your expense account will allow it!
Great location. Warm cookies.
Rooftop party
Huge suite tomorrow and Saturday!
$10 min craps
Sports book- football bets in!
Always a great stay!
Strip view!
Beautiful lobby, smells like vanilla, and great rooms!
Nice little hotel!
Deadmau5!!!
Foosball dinner table at jaleo. Somebody's going down!
TGIFF :-)
Such a great menu. Plan multiple visits
Awesomely huge w/3 golf courses & 8 pools that are open 24hrs!
Lives up to my expectation of a hotel in every aspect! Simply the best!
Great for late night cocktails @centrifuge!
Impressive! Good beds and the best shower I've ever been in!
Pool bar is outstanding!  Great view!
Lobby modern/ rooms oldish
That air in room doesn't work very well
You might have to ask which is the best/quickest way to your room....it's a maze otherwise
What A Treat!!!! The layout the food the amenities!!
Centrally located. Outstanding customer service!
No tip!
Check in time is 11a.m. Today!
Michelle at the front desk is an angel.  Super helpful and friendly! :)
Gym is spacious and clean but lacking.  They need to get a cable machine with a pull up bar and it would be awesome.
Outdoor fire pit & pool are nice
AAU national championship tourney day 1
Absinthe!
Bowling 3$ and Tuesday 5$ movies
Our family timeshare
Family time share
Dinner at stk
Place went out of business :(
Stock up on all the free goodies at the front desk. It will make the $20 resort fee more worthwhile.
Love this location !i am here in town 2 a month
Beer and wine social Monday thru Saturday - Sweet !
Nice real Nice.....
The Phoenician had me at 9 acres of pools...
Love this place!
Fabulous rooms!
No free wifi. Lame!
Quad sister weekend!
Had fun here tea with family and friends.
Beautiful property! Plush and great service!!
Get a princess suite with kitchen and have them stock it with groceries before you arrive.
Beautiful hotel, awesome service, amazing grounds, and perfect weather.  You can't beat this place!
Lobby tea court!!
The poolside bartenders are great no matter where you are from!
Love love live this hotel.  And they make the most amazing prickly pear margaritas
Always a great time at the Phoenician pool, great service.
Enjoy Allen Comyns in the lobby 2-5PM. He has been on the piano since the hotel opened... Amazing!
Great plaxe
Lost in blackjack tonight.  Get em next time
Swanky.  Love this place.
Ready for a week of baseball!
Short night manager is rude, no class, no manners. Decided to stay at another Marriott because of his attitude.
Beautiful hotel
Very nice hotel.  Perfect location!
Good chipotle fish taco Friday special!
Noisy. I called at your service 3 times. Each time she apologized and stated she would send engineering to check for the source of the noise in my room. Egibeering never came. Don't stay in room 224.
Nice, clean, and spacious.
Time to rage
Mobile check in and out with the Marriott Mobile app
Awesome beach/pool!
Another great Kimpton hotel. Very relaxing. Pet friendly. Reasonable prices
Hot old ladies
Solid bfast menu @ non hotel rip-off prices = a welcome change for biz travelers!
Upgrade to suite, totally worth it!
Beware if you're coming in from earlier timezones. Room service stops at midnight M-Th (1am on Fri/Sat but who's getting room service then if you're a business traveler? Illogical.)  No mini bars in any room including executive floors, either.  So unless you are willing to go out on town, you have no food or drink options. Very disappointing for a full service hotel.
Bellagio is the center of people watching in Vegas
Calvin Harris tonight at Encore.  We are poolside and waiting
Smoky in lobby thus far.
Better than most 4stars I've been in. Cool layout, easy parking, free wifi and Aveda shower stuff. Nice
Final meal
Big rooms w/ kitchenette & cheap prices just two blocks off the strip.
Non-gambling, non-smoking hotel with spacious rooms and professional staff.
Time to rest after travel and a day of shopping
Try the navy grog. :)
Yuck, dirty, expensive!
Best happy hour in town if the weather is nice
Hmmmm.  Not bad if you get a really good rate. Like $40 - $60. Clean, has the basics.  Close to the zoo. Free WiFi and continental breakfast.
Check out the sand beach.
Poolside
Beautiful hotel!!! No Smoke... No smell and no casino!
Outdoor bar great atmosphere solid drinks nice vibe.
There's a reason this place is a 5-Diamond resort...
Do not stay here! The area is trashy and my husband I were supposed to get a government rate at 80 dollars since he is active duty military.. Well they are putting an ach hold on every penny in our account I'm not sure why I'm about to call the hotel manager right now. Just want to give some potential guests a fair warning. This is a horrible hotel.
The issues we had were taken care of very promptly! The staff was great!
Tiki bowl!
Stay on the 2nd Floor / Interior Room
Ask for a Glasshopper at the pool bar.
Average.   The rooms were comfortable and clean.  The pool area was well laid out and we probably would have used it more had it been warmer out.  Mostly we were disappointed with the customer service.  The staff did not go out of their way to help and make us happy.
Great price !! & Clean...
The rooms are gross, more like a 1star/ if you're going to stay only stay after you've been drinking and you don't believe in driving drunk! The furniture was new but the room has roaches! Yuck!! I admit that the bed was comfortable as well as, the pillows but I was drunk lol
Great resort, super shitty program for actual use or exchange.  Buyer beware!!
Mike at the front had the best customer service!!! Made this stay great from the start.
Come for the architecture, stay for the service and atmosphere!
There is a full bar in the water park area. . .water park for adults. .
Parking near the entrances is a chore. . .prepare to walk
About to have a crazy few days... Let's see what Vegas is all about
Play wheel of fortune!!!!
Absolutely love the flower arrangements.  This place is just beautiful.
Pretty empty on a Monday night
Check out their rollercoaster!
Drink service is almost non-existent here.
Salsa and Merengue at night
If you stay here be sure not to move anything in the mini fridge! They'll charge you even though you didn't consume anything. I learned this the hard way when I was just trying to cool one of my snacks.
Good luck getting alcohol
Finally here!!
Thursdays here are great IF - you've never seen an empty casino at night - you don't like waiting in line for anything (table, bar, restaurant) - you don't like people-watching (except to see other folks who are confused why this place is dead and closed on a Thursday night) Lesson learned: wait for the weekend LA crowd to liven this place up
this place is crazyyyyyyy nice
POOL PARTAY 24 hour poollllllll!!!!!
Live blues!!!
Kimpton hotels have yet to disappoint. The Palomar is another great edition and a perfect location for concerts and events at US Airways center.
Drink service is great in the Margaritaville casino.
Big day of fun!!!
Exploring my backyard. Who would have guessed?
we VIP
Best shrimp cocktails in town!
Cheap price, decent rooms, low table minimums but no wireless internet.
The pool here is so great! Very relaxing, And not a crazy party crowd!
Great location! Nice rooms for a good price.
What an interesting renovation of an older hotel. Looking forward to my stay in Scottsdale!
Love the location and our room
First company dinner of the week!!
Carnival Cruise in the desert.  Thats the best way to describe this resort- if you're expecting Scottsdale amenities, food and the usual clientele you will be sorely disappointed. Valet was full even for a registered hotel guest( really?)
Slightly run down, but nice staff and free wifi.
Oxtail soup is like Filipino bulalo!
Awesome location - walking distance to Old Town Scottsdale.
Not walking distance to Fremont as advertised.  Especially at night.
If you love pancakes, this is the place to go.
Fancy fancy!!!   Seems like a great place.
Small spa but very cozy! I like.
Beautiful setting.  Great service.
Having horrible construction noises all summer 2016 and probably into the fall.  Beware! If you mention you heard a noise they just say "oh yeah we have construction" and are not apologetic at all.
At $50/night, a very good value. Nice little pool area. Decent rooms, parking, and walking distance to food and a brewery. Not luxurious.
Pool service sucks.  Overcrowded and understaffed.  Is it worse now that this property is Chinese owned?  Or was it always bad?  Perhaps bad management?
Very good spa and great products
Excellent service. Very knowledgeable staff. Food was subpar... hotel food.
Old world charm in the new world
Just got home from being out of town for work and no a/c, eeeeek!! So I got a room right now and the front desk was super nice! So far so good.
Zen!
@ The Spa Comeback Inn. Swedish, facial and pedi... Perfect place
The spa at Camelback Inn
Go to the spa. Great experience.
Simply amazing
Surprise vacation!
My bathroom smelled a little funky.  Maybe a bit old?
Jonell gives the most amazing maternity massage ever!
Pay a bit extra for a room with an extra large patio. The dining table, lounge chairs and massive patio space is totally worth it.
Was very disappointed that rooms sold as 2 Queen size beds were actually doubles. My determining factor in choosing this resort over others was the advertised bed size I am 6'4" and my sons are 6'5" and 6'2". When I checked in they stated your reservation for 2 queens is right here then I get too my room and see double beds and call and they tell me we don't have rooms with 2 queens
Great staff here!
Don't miss happy hour!
Delicious chips and salsa guac and veggies!! And this raspberry lemonade drink is awesome!!
The main pool is closed right now.
Don't stay here. You will book your stay online but when you check in at the desk the rate will not be honored. Sad. I used to come here every summer.
Lunch and Learn Saturdays.  Alex Stratta is here right now cooking for us! Insane!
Such a peaceful place!
Stunning yet homey resort. Best service, Gorgeous environment!
Gorgeous views- it's all beautiful!
Fabulous massage and a relaxing afternoon in the sun with good lady friends!
Looking forward to our second honeymoon at this highly praised resort.  Husband booked 2 months in advance and even upgraded to a king bed suite.  When we arrived, they gave us two full beds in a little room that look like Motel 6 for $500/ night and refused to give us any bigger bed.  It completely shattered my romantic vison of a dream vacation and leave me a bad impression of Arizona.  I hate this place and will never ever come back here AGAIN!!!!The place is way overpriced and overhyped.
So far so good. Everyone I have encountered has been very nice, welcome ing and helpful.
I booked my trip on a lark and picked this resort only based on it having 5 stars. It was incredible. The staff are amazing, the views are incredible, my room was amazing, the food at Elements is out of this world. The kimchi bacon with brussel sprouts was probably the best thing I've ever eaten in my life. Highly recommended travel destination.
Unbelievable room, food, view, staff.... I was blown away.
Beautiful scenery!
Ate at the Elements restaurant. Amazing & great service. Spectacular views!
No free wifi :(
They actually charge for Internet service. Go to Starbucks across the street for free wifi.  This is the 21st century. A hotel that still charges for Internet isn't keeping up with the times.
This is the worst place I have ever stayed in. Zero stars No stars Motel 6 is better
Shady business when it comes to billing. Had my wedding here and they put the grooms family's bill on my father's tab. Also charged his card without authorization.
Had an awesome stay! Great staff and nice place. A little dated but still great!
The wifi is a pain! I have to keep moving around the room to try and use my phone as I constantly lose connection. Very frustrating!!!
Horrible room service. The serve it in paper bag with paper plates and plastic forks. By the time they get it to you its gross. Rio is falling fast. Sad.
Don't let the empty front building freak you out....the resort grounds and rooms are great.
Emperors Essentials has "Hangover" merchandise.
Could use some diversity training, staff clearly not the friendliest towards minorities . Looking for new hotel immediately
Bring your coat during January,etc. Might be 74 degree's at the golf course,but 45-50 degrees at night!
Don't go to the time share desk opposite the check-in desk. Unless, of course, you're interested in a time share.
Doesn't offer free wifi, which in my book is a sin in 2013. Full disclosure, my requirements for a room aren't high. Many times I've stayed at a Best Western for the free wifi over more expensive alternatives. The resort is comfortable though. Nice location.
Amazing summer experience. Great for families! Same top notch service but now with games, hula hoop contests, night time goo party at slides, water melon eating contest, limbo, corn hole, ping pong, tshirt tie dying, dive in movies, and more.  Lovely, comfortable rooms and constant guest support. Would you like a passion fruit flavored ice cube? Would you like us to inflate your water toys? Can we get you more water? Oh my gosh! I am soooo picky about service and I was just wowed this weekend!
Amazing pools, service.
The angry tuna sushi at Toro is wonderful!!
Beautiful spot for your wedding.
Sept and Oct offer wonderful discounts at The Boulders at a time when the weather is still beautiful.
Antoine is the best concierge ever! A foodie at heart, he sends you to the right places, pays attention to details and loves what he does.
Fancy!
Brand new rooms.  Great stay.  Would come agains.
Beware! They are under construction. Fire alarm going off in your room while you're trying to nap on vacation? Not pleased.
Although the property is nice, the Internet connection sucks big time.
Worst customer service ever! They don't care at all. Better service at the holiday inn.
Amazing!
I love that they're dog friendly!
The Bar is open until 10:00 PM.
Get here early folks if you want a pool chair!!!
Great tv channel lineup and HD for most of the channels!
The free WiFi is slow. You have to pay to upgrade. :(
Frank Lloyd Wright influenced design. Although he didn't design the place, he was the consulting architect.
Odd location in business park.  Well appointed, but very noisy during our visit.
This place is very hip, clean, amazing environment and the pools are great!
Quartos bons e confortveis, porem o cassino do hotel no  dos mais agitados.
No beeper service and can't find a phone bank anywhere.
For Lauries graduation!
This place is terrible and should not be listed as a Best Western Plus. When we first arrived our room smelled like old popcorn. We didn't mention anything to the front desk since we were only staying one night. What we noticed the next morning was disgusting. The water in the shower drained very slowly. There were hairs in the shower and on the floor that didn't belong to either me or my husband. There were stains on the carpet and plaster peeling from the ceiling in the closet. Gross!
Great rates and awesome staff!
This place is like an oasis in the desert, I love it!
Free breakfast & cocktail hour, 3 pools, tennis court, bball court, ping pong/pool table, BBQ grills, kitchen in rms, rm decor needs upgrade
Hospitality hour at 5:)
Love it!!!
Worst slots ever. Stay away from any gambling. You've been warned.
Great place to stay. Clean and quiet!  I would definitely stay here again...
bedside outlet [located on the lamp] only works when the lamp is in the ON position.  don't charge your phone in that outlet overnight if you'd like a full charge in the a.m. --unless you intend on sleeping with the lamp on. :)
Decent hotel, nice beds and comfy pillows. Only downside was the weird smell in the hallways. Luckily the room didn't smell at all.
Love the pool and the inexpensive price of this place!
Ready for a great birthday night!!!
Free wifi!
Free wifi but super slow. Soap and shampoo is real slimy so bring your own. Towels are rough! Service is great!
Baseball and gambling ?
They are coming back! At Bills old location. http://www.vegaschatter.com/tag/O'Sheas
Good thing the AC is cranking
What ever happened to all hotel rooms stocking a copy of The  Bible?
Just wrapped up a second educational conference here (as an attendee) and can't say enough to commend the staff, from those that stocked to "sugar shack" to the servers and the guy at the valet desk who recommended restaurants
Stay away unless you like the local hood rats to choose for you. Apparently, they can save machines and tell managers what to do. Classy!
Came to see "The Mob Attraction"
Great location right next to airport and lightrail. Take it to downtown or Mill Ave.
The staff at the front desk are very pleasant professional and accommodating to our needs.  We have stayed here many times and will continue. The rooms are cool the bed is comfortable and the lighting / couch area is perfect.  Always happy to return.  From Oceanside , CA
The staff here are very pleasant  I  would give them 4 stars.
This is our first time at this location, and the king bed set up is horrible! The bed is comfy but that's it. This hotel is very large and not enough parking what so ever. Needless to say we ended up moving to another Holiday Inn.  Good luck folks!
Funky but a good price.  Safe. Clean.
The place is decent with some shady characters in the parking lot. Park where you can see your car or close to the front entrance.
If you have AAA it knocks off $15 a night.
Alrite 4 price: Non-existent staff, housekeeping once every 7days, and, noisy guests, good: near Tempe hot spots
First stop on the way to Longhorn 70.3 in Austin.
Not a typical Hampton. Cramped, oddly designed rooms.
Best staff ever
Would've been a perfect start to my hubs 40th BUT the champagne bucket I preordered with the manager wasn't in the room when I arrived...bummer!
bon jour a paris
this looks familiar
hard at rock
Room was suposed to be ready when i got here. Staff dont give a damm !!!!.
Love bedbugs and being bit? Stay here in room 106!
Another comfortable bed in a quit room. What more could a business traveler ask for, oh yeah the quick check it. Gonna love it.
Not ad nice of the photos but well worth the rate.
Thought I was getting a food deal, but you can't get a good deal at a bad place.
John is your go to guy in the Valet/Bell area!
My absolute favorite place in Vegas.
Modern decor
Like the pool at night
3 things: orangeade at Nathan's, Gonzales y Gonzales, and the pizza joint for late night noms!
Don't attempt to go swimming. The pool seems to always be closed for something. No coffee makers in the rooms, so be ready to spend on Starbucks.
Very clean facilities, friendly staff, good-sized rooms, comfortable beds, breakfast buffet for corporate mtg was delicious.
Lovely rooms and beautiful courtyard.
This is a nice hotel.  I like to stay here, but the fees are coming to the point of overwhelming.
If you are in Tempe.....gotta stay here.
You don't have to valet, you can self park and they will give you something to put in your windshield, included with the stay. Great option for people like me who are on the go go go and don't want to wait for valet
I was pleased with the walnut chocolate chip cookies but my husband was not. Pool open until midnight! Tub kinda meh, didn't want to use it for a bath.
Wonderful rooms at a great price in a kinda sketch neighborhood with AMAZING food choices within two miles!
They give California residents a great discount!
This place has cockroaches and their non smoking rooms have cigarette burns all over it, go else where!
They don't even do the gun fight anymore...what's the point?
Somehow we got a smoking room even though I booked a non smoking.  Could have taken care of it, but we arrived really late.  Definitely a budget hotel.
Yelp night at big surf. Woohoo!
Head to the office for birthday groups. The group entrance apparently is for large group functions.  We waited a little before being told to go in and getting our wrist bands.   Then again, different staff give you different instructions.
Babies aren't free here so be prepared to pay.
There's plenty of shade and seating but if you don't want to be at the benches, snag a good spot in the shade with some chairs or your towel.
Long line for check in and check out.
Poor customer service, complete waste of money. I would not return or recommend.
The wave pool is still cool but the water gave my boys a weird rash.  Not cool.  The slides were ok but old and not many.  Price was high.  Ants All over the lawn.  Not my fave.  Not my kids fav.  We would go to meet someone if they had to or wanted to go badly
kinda of like a mini wet n wild
National Board workshop, day 1.
4th & final day of National Board workshop. Eeeeeeek!
Visited hotel restaurant "Distrito" and strolled around. Vibrant colors throughout. Quiet setting in morning. Excellent restaurant by the way. Visit. The colors and art will make you smile.
Checked in now what to do
My home for the next couple days
Great, clean, friendly. Free airport shuttle. Real nice hotel!!
Groupon has some great deals!! :-) This place is perfect for a weekend stay. The bed's uber comfy.
Great destination for portraits.
Easy access, close by all the commerce around.  Social hour is cool too!
Nice complimentary breakfast. Fills you up.
Horrible wi-fi connection. Constant drop signal. I arrived tired & had to go search for a working ice machine.  My room view is the one of the ac roof units. Don't stay in room 228. No coffee. I wouldn't have stayed here if the company wasn't paying for it.
For less then $100 a night you really can not beat this place
Do not stay or if you have to--make sure to get a room facing the pool not the main road
I went through HOTWIRE.com for a great price. Otherwise pricy.
A little aged for what I consider to be Sheraton standards
Very large, clean and luxurious rooms. Wifi is free.  Roomservice is great. We asked for extra towels and a cot/ extra sheets and the staff brought it up right away.
Horribly understaffed at the hotel registration!  Annoying!!
Expectations are met for this Comfort Inn. Enough said.
Horrible.... never... ever... again.   Ever....... EVER!!!!
Be very careful when sleeping here.. Also poor service when we brought up that there were cock roaches in our room . They wouldn't even give us any discount or comps, but ignored that it was even true...  I hate writing negative reviews about business, as I know what's it's like being in the service business...
Poor customer service, Rooms are sub par. Make sure you get a car pass for your car and guests, they WILL tow it immediately. I checked out of the hotel and they tried charging me $50 more. Location is the only positive but it's still a 10-15 min walk to Mill, and I will NEVER be staying here again.
Thee bitchiest cocktail waitresses.
Veronica is amazing. She moved reservations. Changed check in. Did everything. She was beautiful, confident, professional, and efficient. I only go to Vegas once a year but she secured me going to encore next time. Thx.
Tiny room and slow (but then friendly) bell service...not super impressed so far...
Good shower and yummy brownies...but, noisy due to construction next door and hard mattresses with questionable blankets. Would not recommend.
Nice place.  Extra roomy.  Laundry facilities helpful for travelers.
Pulled in and didn't even stay.  Found another hotel.  People hanging out of rooms.
Great value.  I stay here because they have a decent fitness center.
Here is the proof...one photo tells all.
Great hotel
Poor poor customer service. Will not be returning.
You can relax on the park behind the hotel or take a dip in the pool
This is my favorite business oriented hotel in this area. It's easy to get in and out of and they have free breakfast
The rush tower is awesome!
It's only 108f they say. Only!!! It's so freaken hot outside but in here so cool I thought of heaven. I am so glad they gave us the room so cool already. Two thumps up just for that. Just close the door behind you as quickly as possible when u get inside. U don't want any of those hot breeze.
We stayed here on a last minute trip April 2014. It was clean and comfortable. Pool was great. Best free hotel b'fast I've ever had. Would def stay here again!
Derek and staff are fantastic !!
Nice large rooms. Friendly staff
Not a good start. I booked A king bed online. When I show up they say they don't have any left?
Be careful.  These folks are crooks.  The rooms have cockroaches in them and the air conditioning doesn't work!
Hotel is nice , if you don't like mattresses hard as a rock stay away! Hardest mattress EVER!
In Vegas to turn 30.   Nothing like acting like a child to hide being a grown up!  :)
Hmm, the staff was not bad from a scale 1-10 I give them a 5... Just because I felt they were not Courteous with their guest. I think if they were more engaging with a simple " good morning ma'am " and a smile to go with it, I think it would bring up the spirits of their guest. :D
Very nice, time to get twisted.
Oh u fancy huh
Don't stay here. They'll complain about noise. Music was from my phone. Wow.
Same hotel as the Sharks!
Very clean rooms very spacious! Lovely hotel
Beautiful hotel! Lovely suite!
It's hip
Killing me on roulette
I love when old couples have matching hoverounds. The hotel isn't half bad.
The sports book has the locals locking up the comfy chairs but if you could find one it's not bad at all
Swanky
Stayed here with our youth sports team, you basically get what you pay for, but good price for a large group, friendly staff and met all of our requests.
Nice
Front desk background.
Pic from the 21st floor.
Lobby
Pit stop before Vegas.
Don't forget to rent or bring your own car!!!!
Don't forget to rent or bring your own car.
Beautiful and well taken care of!
Rooms look pretty nice.
Rooms were nice and the restaurant was decent. Try the fettuccine.
Visited the adventure dome and the midway arcade. Both were fun and clean. 4 yr old enjoyed them both. Go at 11 am.
The room is wonderful and Patrick specifically has been amazing. Highly recommend.
A weekend stay-cation with my baby. Stay tuned for updates!
We've stayed in hotels up and down the strip but the Four Seasons is the only one we like to stay in. When you return to the hotel after a long day or a busy night the staff tells you "Welcome home" and you feel so relaxed returning to your non-casino, non-smoking, oasis of calm.
Non smoking, smells like a spa, this is our favorite place to stay in Las Vegas.
Asked Julian at the Sexxy Box Office where the bar is and he had no idea. Walked 50 feet and there it was. Seriously? Come on, Julian!
Make sure you don't bring any drinks or snacks to the pool as the staff patrols it telling you that no outside drink or food is allowed and they'd rather you pay $10 for a drink inside at the bar as the bartenders assume tips. Oh the pool was taken over by about 12 children jumping and splashing in the water.
Player! Awesome suite at Caesars.
Come on lady luck!!
Nice hotel for a good price. Rooms were clean and beds were comfy..
Clean with a great HOT breakfast. Quick affordable stays.
My husband left his wedding band in the room we had stayed in. A day later we call to see if anyone had found it, and they had it in the front office. We couldn't thank them enough!!!
The staff is so rude we checked out
Run down hotel. Not resort quality at all. Stay away.
The night Continues
Viva Las Vegas.  Checking in and then what happens here ...
Drinks and a show!
Clean, spacious rooms, quiet, free wifi. Makes you feel at home! Highly recommend! Also inexpensive; $85 for a room!
No allergy troubles here at all - what a rare treat! For breakfast, try the Southwest Diner Restaurant next door. My kids raved about the food, even our picky eater!
The Beatles LOVE Cirque du Soleil is here.
This place is a dump...wouldn't wipe my dogs ass with the towels they hang up for their guests to use
This place is a dump...so dirty i wouldn't wipe my dogs ass with the towels they hang up for there patrons to use
A shot from every casino lol
Love this place.....chandeliers galore.
@ Vanity for the night!!!!!
I have been to LV enough times now the strip bores me. Get out and find the local stuff to do.
Just DON'T! Dirty. Weird noises. Broken everything!
Good comp breakfast, good Internet speed, and homey feel at a good value!
This is my favorite BC breakfast joint.
i loved everything about this place!!!
If you do breakfast here be sure to get the corned beef hash. It's the real deal with piece of corned beef they cook on site. The homemade salsa is good and spicy too.
Room 219 is wonderfully large!  Separate bedroom from the living room and the kitchen. Almost apartment size;). Nice hotel per the reviews.
Skip it
Convenient for Lake Mead. Especially if you have dogs. But might be more worth it to stay in Henderson or another neighboring city :/
View of the lake!
Here's a tip. Don't stay there. What are the smells in the rooms.  I had to take a dump to make the place smell better. And you can smoke in it. Awesome,,,,,, not.  The whole place feels like sad.
Looks decent
Very bad customer service! And food not that good
Poker time
Ha
Nine fine Irish men
Wow this place looks awesome now
Awesome
$5 paigow
Best poker room on the strip
Stay else where don't even bother to book here.  You expect to be pampered and treated like a human being. Well it's not here.
Resort staff could be better.
I travel a lot and this is one of the better Marriott's, especially if you are with family.  Great looking lobby, staff was very accommodating upon checking.  Defiantly going to be a "favorite" is staying outside/ away from the strip.
Room not so clean, hair and left over food particles left on the "clean" tray! Where u get clean cups to drink out of.
I found a hair in my food
Our favorite resort in az.  Good rooms good people.  Great for kids.
Go try the spa and salon!  The absolute most talented professionals in Vegas!!!
Closed as of may 2nd, very sad
Great spot to bring a date for sunset cocktails on the outdoor lobby patio with dinner at marssa after.
Stunning scenery, amazing condo, relaxing home away from home;)
The Prime Rib or Ribeye Special is the deal for 7.99 BUT it starts @ noon.  The prices are very reasonable and service is fast.
If you have Money, this is the place to spend it!
Gary Allen is no Other.
Overall, a great deal! It is a small buffet, and obviously some things are better than others. But there is a good selection, and the Philly cheesesteak station was awesome! Great variety on the salad bar. You can make your own sandwich. Plenty of hot dish options, with a lot of variety. Quite a few dessert selections to choose from as well, including sugar-free options. Sunday evening dinner was only $9.18, you can't beat that!
I love the stake house and cafe and all you can eat buffet restraunt I come after work once a week play the penny machines that co worker pays me fore gas fore the car and to play two bucks on penny machines
In the gift shop they have beer a couple of small wines and hard booze so you can take it to your room.  I heard one bartender tell a lady she could buy a bottle of wine at the resturant and they would open it and she could take it to her room.  Prices good too.
The best best best ribeye steaks! Great food great service! Love this place!
The cafe had decent food, good specials, and the food server Cyndie was great. She was slightly sassy, incredibly knowledgeable, and very efficient...she made it fun.
South pool is kid friendly. North is the pleasure pool 18 and up
Oh oh lunch at a casino. We'll c how this goes.
Home for the next week.
Back from the lake.
Back from our last day on the lake.
Craft and gift show 11-8 upstairs next to the buffet!
@ Dennys : o)
Bingo time
LOVELOVELOVE the mexican pizza at Amigos bar!!! Great happy hour food, great happy hour prices!!!!
If you don't like video poker you will hate the casino.
Park in here like you own the damn place...so says the parking dude at the front.
I stayed here based on the positive reviews and wasn't disappointed. It is a good place to stay overall. The food at the amigos cafe was excellent. The buffet was... A buffet. Lots of food for cheap. The rooms are adequate. I'd stay here again.
Avoid the buffet!! Horrible in every  way, and will leave you scratching your head trying to figure out why an "international" section consists of chilly mac,craw fish, corn bread, and yams. And don't tell the staff they have shrimp labeled as pork; they get angry.
Hotel
Gross!
Older, locals casino.
Heat the pool already!
Best thing about fiesta is the late night menu at the cafe. Big portions for cheap, it's decent food. However I think they have some of the best pancakes I have ever had!
Was put on hold several times and hung up on after several minutes. I am glad that I wasn't able to get through after several attempts. Check out the reviews on Yelp and found out they have a two and a half star. I'm giving them a one-star because of their unprofessionalism
Great waitresses and strong drinks :)
Viva Las Vegas!
Do not expect any type of accommodating customer service unfortunately . Beautiful hotel, rooms and casino.
Nice place to have lunch and lounge
Kicking it old school today!!
Cirque LOVE Friggin amazing!
Buffet time !!
NLH Morning tourney
10 a.m. Land mine NLH tourney
hour late but oh well nlh tourney
Free wine Day!
PLO
Daily NLH Tourney
daily nlh tourny
daily nlh tourney
Christmas lunch with work.
According to the brush, the 10am Texas Hold Em tournament typically runs with three tables of players and pays the top three finishers.
The 10 am $23 Hold 'Em tournament is Limit for the first hour, then changes to No Limit.
Park in the parking structure behind the casino. Poker room and food court are on that side of the property.
Kunal Nayyar, the actor that plays Raj on Big Bang Theory walked by me in tge casino last night and I was totally not following him from a distance for the next ten minutes.
I'll let you in on a little secret: the towels here are very scratchy. I love scratchy towels, so I'm cool with it. Just a FYI thing.
$5 for parking now. :(
Service here is horrible, chantel has the worst customer service I have ever seen!!!
Go anywhere but here new owners are idiots and liars. Do not honor Wyndham Rewards and place falling part. Good luck
Don't waste your time or money. New owners took over two days ago and now place has already turned to crap. BEWARE. REPORTING to WYNDHAM!!
Best downtown hotel and casino
Great casino, great pool, great poker room and best buffet in Vegas!
Back way to the garage from Audrie st makes it easy!!!!!!!
Great quick check-in.
Bon Jour Canada!
Thiscasino smells like a bad air freshener you get at the carwash...bleah!
The next stop on my birthday excursion!  JMC is racking up the amazing husband points!
Could be the smokiest nasty place in Vegas.
always worth it..
Lets gamble!
About to see President Clinton :)
Great full breakfast included!!!
Pretty hotel, plenty of nice dining options
Love it!!!
Comedy Show with Brittanie & Ted!!
The stores are all Fred Siegal but they have them chopped up throughout as seperate stores: clothing for him, for her, jewelry, shoes, home goods - all seperate
Absolutly no throwbacks to it being the old Sahara except the ancient parking garage elevator.  LA foodie hipsters will love it. Prices too high for us timeclock punching locals.
The owner smuggled Joe Francis in for opening day.  Because nothing says class like his joker satan smile.  He sent a private helecopter for him from state line because of the beef with Wynn.  As a woman you lost my business right there.
This is a FL timeshare company that lost their Strip tower in the recession and then took over this legendary hotel casino --The International then Hilton the LVH now Westgate. Oh and he stiffed the broker out of the commission ...so that is who you are dealing with. Timeshare used car salesmen feel.
The Delano bought this hotel and soon THEhotel will be renovated to that.
Pool closes at 5. Check in starts at 4. There's a line to check in. Do the math.
Effective November 2016, The Palms Casino was purchased by Station Casinos.
Try the breakfast chimichangas, has cheese, egg, sausage & a hint of spice to it! Now that's what I'm talkin bout!
Pool time
Booze and betts best place in the cannery. Ask for Ponney Boy and "Michelle's" drink! Todd n Matt are also the best bartenders, local faves.
Watching Mission impossible with my dad  :))
Wheeee :) I can't wait to gamble & drink a fat Tuesday at the same time hehe !
This is my favorite hotel!
Must visit: Sky Lobby on 23rd floor.
my weekend home
new vegas spot!
Dirty rooms, smelly hallways.  This is old Vegas!
Way too far off the strip, but very close to the local mountains.  Great bars inside as well.
For $5, rent an entire New Balance outfit (including shoes!) during your stay. Niiice. Gym is 24/7.
Checking in...
Getting our bone marrow on!
Far from the massive light-explosion, sans the obligatory adjoining casino -- and free warmed-cookies with the provision of your room-key
Slightly nicer than average cookie-cut corporate installation.
Make sure your room is ready before you check in. House keeping and engineering were still working on my room. But it's nice enough.
This place is beautiful!! And they have cards to remind you where you parked!!
The pyramid rooms are nice. They don't have tubs though. Just showers
Nap Time! We're going to dance it up tonight!
Wicked Spoon Buffet!
Buffet time. My mom's choice. LOL
My sleeping grounds.
Learning some French phrases in the bathroom LOL
Picking up my Terry Fator ticket.
Picking up Matsuri tickets!
Checking in check in.
Check In Check In
DDR Day #78........in Vegas :)
Suites are roomy yet dated. Oh well off to eat at a  2010 James Beard winners restaurant here at the MGM. Should make it worthwhile.
This place is amazing
Dive in movie
Free internet, web tv and access to nightclub and fitness room included in resort fee.
Despite what the website says they no longer offer free WiFi. $9.99 for 24 hour access.
jessss
doin a lil gamblin'
Finally here...time to get facked up 8)
Pool Time... 8)
Smoke break den back out in the scene... 8)
It's check out time....we gotta go..we gotta gooooooooo
more gamblin'
viva las vegas... 8)
Gettin ready... 8)
finally wakin up....IM ALIVE!!! LOL 8)
it's check out time..we gotta go, we gotta goooooo-oooooo 8)
My home away from home.
Nice timeshare...PRO: roomy studio suite w/ kitchenette, continental b/f, walking distance to the strip (MGM, Mandalay,Luxor)..CON: you're close to the airport you will hear the planes & also hear other people's "door" closing but Vegas never sleeps.
Not sure if good customer service... Or just canada..
Holly Madison FTW
Let's paint the town
Probably not checking in after this one.....
Lunch/Dinner Buffett
Ate at Firsts bar & food, it was awesome!
Brandon beat me!
Second day here and loving it!
Leaving my home away from home, love T.I.
At First's Restaurant!
Nice hotel -  love the view from our room!
5th Annual Lee's Beer Experience
Visited the casino while staying at Aria. Much more relaxed atmosphere. I enjoyed it!
Avoid the long lines at the registration desk by checking in early and checking out by phone. Don't forget to ask for any casino comps.
Crappy place to gamble.
Crappy place to gamble.
Not with it.
There are hookers all over the place.
Nice.
Dump dump dump!!!!!
Crappy hotel.
Don't stay here!
Pool closes at 5:35 Pm. WTF???
Omg this is like doiche bag heaven and the staff are horrible.
BlueMan Group waiting for show to begin
ChrIs Angel Believe
Palms pool time!
Had a nice siesta, now we are back :)
Lol, just decided to go to the Luxor now :). So many people in Vegas tonight!
3 dollar craps,baby!!
Not bad for the price
Cool spot, good value, & right on the strip.
Heading to Serendipity 3
I loveeeee this place!!!
I love this hotel!!
So glad to be here in an air conditioned casino!  It's almost 100 degrees here in Vegas.
Finally got to our suite. They have Coffee Bean here!
Cabana at the pool today.
Dollar car rental return is on 5th floor of garage 2 which you get to by driving down circus circus drive to back of casino and taking left.
Beach club only open on Sat!
Vegas Baby!
Checking out the locals casino for the first time
South side!
I have already gotten 3 compliments here on my "I love Sriracha" shirt
Great room and stay! Going home today! (Hey that rhymes!)
Sick hotel, great service, rooms are untouchable
time fo trow up...
rollercoaster...
Goodbye encore. Hello luxor...
wow...
Leaving metro DC at 1:00, we made it to Cleveland tonight.  Our goal for tomorrow is Madison.  By the way, the "fitness room" here sucks.
Don't stay in the Carson tower. It's haggard.
Lol
Beer pong!
Art exhibit!
I'm back in Paris!!! Sort of...
Love where we're staying!
Oh freee rooms! they still mad tho
Hello
Hi
Just killing time before going to through airport
Just walking through...  lame huh?
Douche bag city. Staff at hotel, Tao and the Gandola folks especially the rude manager Patricia.
Great bang for the buck. All purpose spot. In the middle of the strip location- wise. Would come back.
After the club food. Since there is no zippys in Vegas :(
Strolling through the garden then play time!
#winning!!
Very nice :)
Brunch!
recharging then gonna get ready for round two!
New room. Panoramic suite. Hangover status :)
Winning!
Last night here
Suites are bomb
Beer pong & jger bombs!!
Showtime!
Only timeshare resort that still charges for wi-fi. Isn't this practice obsolete??
One week in this hell hole w/out premium channels like SHO. Haven't I paid enough as an owner for them to provide premium channels??
Homeless ppl on bridge plus the boy giving away free magazines lol
Our last stop on the monorail! Going back!
:) super fast walking escalators lol
Super cute desserts
Black Jack? Poker?
Jersey sunday !
Let the liver thrashing begin!
This place is soooo coooool!!!
Jus saw a psychic and I believe EVERYTHING she said
Ooooooh la la
Goodbye soberness
Some places are so bad that they are cool again. This one is just bad. Avoid!
"Dude, don't go inside - it smells like farts!" warns a guy outside of the hotel.
I'm just a guest, I really don't want to buy a timeshare.
Good night, and good luck.
Finally!!
Quick stop here, then off to Vdara
Let the debauchery begin!
Hunting for an open craps table
Heeeeyyyyyy
Ohhhhhhhhhh yeeeeaaahhhhhh!!!
We're back!
Yup!
We back!!!
The lobby is pretty, but the line is NOT!
This hotel is in the best spot in Vegas.  The staff are really nice and friendly and not snooty! Stay in The Monaco Suite it's so pretty!
starbucks!
Drinking and watching a movie with the guys.
Reception
Whoo hoo kalei & max are heaaa!
Inna Vision :D
Bellhop
Pager friendly my ass
Always bet on black
Chic hotel. Amazing views. Wonderful service. Love the room layout! Perfect for the stylish traveler
Why stay in a standard room, if you don't have to! Suite!!!
Sleep is merely a suggestion in this town...
So far, this is my favorite hotel in Scottsdale! ;)
Wow... This suite is pretty sweet!
Found a Starbucks open!
Go green and decline house keeping services... You'll receive an eight dollar credit towards any food/beverage at the hotel
Catching the Seahawks take it to the Superbowl champs.
Staying here again. Oh well.
Staying for the night before our trek to Moab!
Here for conference
Awesome rooms.
Great room like always!
Back again. Still very nice.
Hello again
Their yellow tail is so delicious. Get the yellowtail belly. You will not be disappointed
Last night for awhile. You have been good to me palms place. Thanks!
The rooms are amazing!!
Awesome room.
Great non- casino hotel
More Christmas displays!
Miriam treating us to The Buffet at the Aria!
Dinner at the Wicked Spoon for Manelle's Birthday
Beautifully appointed rooms! Centrally located. One of the best places to stay!
Rock!
South Tower rooms are now renovated and now called the Jubilee Tower.
They changed up a little here since last time I was here
Ufc expo!
Checking in lines are long as hell. Taking forever
Friendly people
Got a nice room and view of the strip
Third eye blind concert.
Breakfast is pretty good!
Blown away, the hotel is gorgeous!
Davey's only blackjack spot
First time staying here
Last day... Vegas you did Us well. I'm dead tired.
OooOoo
West Tower tip: 11th floor rooms newly remodeled, much better than 8th floor. Jackie (guest services) is awesome
The new Octavius Tower rooms are a mighty sweet addition
Octavius Tower is pretty sweet
kabam!
Love this place!!
Conquered the buffet.  Time to head home.
Coffee then my idol
Awww yeah
This place is sweet
My new home away from home :)))
buffet here is awesome.
T-Shirt Time?
Rib eye and eggs special
Ohyahhhhhh!!!!
Brunch!
Join the players club, you could get a free buffet pass.
$1 beers
Shuttle pick-up/drop-off is located in the back.
The pool is located in the 8th floor.
Parking structure entrance is on LV Blvd left of the fountains.
Cheap gambling
Cheap drinks ;0)
So nice here!!!!
Yeah baby
Yes, I'm here ! :)
Needs a casino overhaul
Nice redux
Very nice room, great renovation
Great stay
Wedding
We're there
Nice hotel. Secret hotel deal is awesome.
Phone signal not great when around slot machines. Everything is good.
Won't come back. For the price I paid. Not worth it. Got it from secret hotel deal. No refund or exchange.
Final year for the Lion King!
Home of the million dollar chandelier!
Time to party!!
This hotel sucks - no coffee maker, no fridge, no clock! Worse of all the toilet paper is so rough! Shoulda packed my 3 ply quilted northern
O
Wax people live here.
The Beatles Love... Was amazing!
Woop woop!!
Hookers and blow.
We are here for the fooood
Mhm, fun times.
Suites are awesome.
Its pretty damn busy here....and it seems check in is at 11:30 sadly...
So many events and conventions here. Fyi the convention center is huge.
It's a castle!
Just won some of my fortune back!
I hope the juggler doesn't fall off of his unicycle and launch a machete at me!
I wish I could afford to stay here...
Amazing!
Really? I have to turn on the sinks and get paper towels by turning levers with my hand? Ridiculous!!
and this is where it all began
Vegas time baby!!!!
Time to relax and get ready before going to watch the beatles show :)
finally here
oh SO sad....our last night here :(
First dinner then.....all you need is love
viva las vegas & viva ceaser!!!
" The Hangover" Celebrity Suite!! Butler on hand making me Shirley Temples!! and more delicious appetizers :)
Enjoying some delicious appetizers & shirley temples before dinner...the weather is amazing...the view is spectacular
Private entrance to Tower Suites y'all!  :)
Beautiful rooms
Eff my life they still have the butterfly house here! Eeeeeeeeew.... D;
Water show! Makin the most outta my 24 hr vegas trip
Playin "jack black" for first time! lol ha. Fob fail
I love ariaaaa! Smells delish!
We have arriiiiiiiiived!
Sweet suite :)
The room is PHAT!
Excalibur service is far from the best.....like real far!! Almost the worst
It's funny to see how many folks just
It's funny to see how many folks don't wash their hands after using the bathroom.....just nasty!! Hell no we ain't shaking hands!!
Trying to decide where to eat breakfast
We here now
Buying candy at Ethel's
Got the nastiest bathrooms I've seen so far on the strip!!
That George Wallace show still funny!! See it!!
Big frickin roo
I mean big frickin room!! Hahaha
Helpful and friendly staff along with great-looking rooms.
Dinner at Fleur is the best!
The most awesome hotel ever
Time to eat and play hard!
Shopping
Contributing to the economy
I'm back
Checking out
Checking out!
finally at the pool
last night here this year :(
Yay top floor and the heavenly bed reminds me of home!
We are here!!
Night one :D
The old barbarian
We're baaaacccckkkkk!
Old stomping grounds.
Moon
They have great comps
And my room is so piiimp
Complimentary Cookies! :)
The Casino messed up my accommodations for the weekend but then fixed it. Complimentary stay & upgrade? Thanks, I'll take that!
And I'm back!
I'm 27. What an awesome way to spend my birth.
!!!!
Stayed in the panoramic suite on the 24th floor! Awesome view..
Killing time before the delayed flight.
Dinner!
Breakfast at the Palazzo!!
Home for the next 4 days YEEe!
Swanky!
Get a players club card!
Looking around. The decor in here is amazing!
Dinner with Keoni
Livin' it up!!!
Gonna head out to the MGM to watch the PACQUIAO vs Mosley fight!!!! Woohoo .... FILIPINOS IN THE HOUSE!!! lmao
In sports book watching BULLS game
Gonna watch the PAC vs mosely weigh ins!!!!
In line for fights!!!
Party time!!! VIP BABY!!!
One of a few hotels I would stay at in vegas..
Like the poker room in this casino!! Plus they got fortune pai gow!!
Love it!
Beautiful!!!
Time to sleep
Holy DAMN, this place is nice
$79 suites?! Thank you, colton!
Pool time! Hella Sunday morning traffic in here!
home!!
I will see the real Venice one day!!
suite!
Checking-in at the VIP Lounge.
Booth duty at TSW Event....
Pai Gow time again!!
Dinner with friends :)
Elllo MGM!!!!!!
Heart bar :)
That's wat I do!!!!!
Crazy pai gow with mark
Nice staff amazing pool! Good deals on rooms now if you can stand the heat!
Be sure to check out the spa included in resort fee. Amazing!
Nice resort but slots are tight didn't see  anyone winning anything worthwhile.
Ask for a room facing the strip / golf course / pool.  (i.e. 2348). You get 3 views and can watch the planes take off!
Warning! Very loud noise at night on weekends until 3 am (if your suite faces the pool.) Even on 23rd Fl
Mid-week is peaceful with no crowds!
Hidden gem! Awesome rooms/pool/gym and complimentary Internet, Happy Hour & Breakfast! Suites too!
Peaceful and NO Casino!
Cool bars, nice casino and Wicked Spoon buffet!
Thank you or the beautiful huge birthday suite! Love u cosmo baby xoxo
Thank you to my fave resort manager Josef for hooking me up w a wraparound suite! Love las vegas I'm backkkkk!!! :) xo
Good morning Cosmo :)
Leaving soon :( so sad. Best hip trendy hot young hotel crowd! Xo
I'd never stay anywhere else :)
My favorite!!! Xo
My favorite ;) xoxo
I'm
Awe yeah!!!! Vegas. Love their miracle mile shops here. A woman's paradise. Lol
Mayfest
Waiting for August for pau make doodoo.
Goodnight
Good morning Las Vegas. So mutha fahken hot up in this bitch.
Wedding Time
Walking the Strip All Busss!!!!
Bye vegas! Chuuuuu
Picking up VIP tickets to see Holly Madison's PEEPSHOW!
Too tired n buzzed to walk back so gpnna catch a cab...fkn august making doodoo again...
Checking in to my penthouse suite...
This place is the sh*t!
M Buffet!
Knights and Shit
We just found the Flamingos and Penguins!!  (I lied... those were ducks not penguins)
We made it!
Hip Jersey Shore scene haha
Eugene is the BEST!!
Vegas, betch!
Looks like a good time will be had by all.
Time to digest after buffet eating!
I miss Encore!  Mirage already messed up on our room!!
Getting ready for the club.
Gambling in a little bit for more free booze!  ;)
My favorite!
Nap time before Surrender.
Nap time!
Getting ready for poolside tanning with the girls.
Gambling & drinking cuz XS was being lame with all their rules tonite!
I miss staying here!  Killing time before Surrender.
Hotel. Check. Enormous.
The night continues
Day two.
Grand is appropriate for the MGM. Amazing Lazy River, great atmosphere, nice rooms. Do not overlook the West Wing; far yet sleek rooms.
Helping at the wcc kids shoe event
Shoppes have the largest h&m and a Gucci store ;)
Capsule tradeshow
Hrc open bar - love day drinkies
@HP discover 2011
@HP discover 2011event, private concert staring Paul McCartney
The buffet here sucks, but the prime rib at the Boungainvilla Cafe is the best!!!. The prime Rib  is very tasty but cheap (only 9.99)
Still the best prime rib in Vegas!
After -party!
Sportsbook at the Wynn is the best...
#4diamond #tweetup
Wow..hrh suites are amazing..good job Brenda
They're rennovating and adding mini fridges!
Buffet time!
Took all mah $$
Aaaand begin.
Last night in vegas
pickin up jabba tix
just passin thru
home sweet home
lunch time
KA Show!
Off the Strip!
Hello Home, for the weekend.
Formerly the PH Towers. Has really gone downhill...and the rates have increased...lame.
Finally get to stay here!
This place is amazing.
Never buy a timeshare.
F* iitttt!
Monday pool party!!!
Cold caps table today :( but 2-for-$10 pitchers of beer! Power hour!
Llllllllll-love!
Oceans eleven? This is Aguilar one.
All in!
Last day! Time to swoop on free shampoos, lotion, soap, shower caps, shower curtains, glasses and hangers.
Unwind(now called 'social hour') are available from 530pm-630pm daily featuring drinks n snacks
Free wifi in the lobby. Pool opens til 10pm
Nice service. Older hotel so poor sound proofing.
Ask for a non connecting rooms above 6 floor to avoid the noises
High floor city view room is nice n quiet
:] yayah
Just making a sheesh lols
Pillows are flat but overall good experience.
Gangster....
One the crap table for 2 hours. Friendly workers. Go see sherbert he's super cool.
Checking in
Officially on vacation! =)
Checking in for a comp night! Line is long but there are many FD agents.
Yay for comp nights!
I'm ready for the weekend!!
Great place to stay just outside of the strip. Nice and clean.
Poker room nights....
What a dump....
pool time!!
can't believe there's no iPod dock station on my suite!!
Love their electronic roulette!
Quarter slots & electronic roulette time!
Whew! Just in time for our 24hr BoB.  The line is long - plan at stay at least an hour in line.
Very pretty inside
They have the Wizard of Oz penny slot!
Yay! Just got here & I'm ready to gamble!!!!
This shit is hella funny.
$2.99 breakfast. Hay!
waiting in line for the pac marq bout wit mama!
Our home for the next few nights! :)
Damn. So many sparkles, it's like they made this place for me!
The hotel we SHOULD have stayed at
Morning swim
We're the best dressed couple in here...seriously
Panoramic view, bitches!
A tiny moment of rest before a third night out
Checking out :(
Spending some cash on slots
Michael Jackson Immortal. Lots of sequin tips in LVN.
At the DIANE WEYERMANN Lunch!!! @hotdocs.  Congrats and continued success.
Shazam.
Still gambling
God Loves You! John 3:16 God Bless You!  Don't Ever Give Up, God is with you in any Situation you are in!   God Loves you!
First stop of the day :) yay we have arrived!
Home for the next two nights :)
Swimming time!
Just won a $1,000! Time to hit the sheets :)
One night stay then it's onto the Wynn & Cosmopolitan!
Home for another 2! Let's win big baby!!
Time for a swim:)
Long day, glad I'm back in my room
Good morning
Long day glad to be home
Finally the last night in LV
Gambling time!
Oh snap!!
At SKYBOX... which is being stupid and says we are 10 miles away from where we are sitting :P
Gambling time!
Pretty, but not my favorite
Fist pump for Pauly D!
Check out the area with all the flowers. It's located just behind the lobby. BEAUTIFUL!
Cute hotel!
Love the huge lion
The whole hotel smells like vanilla. Amazing!
Mmmmm fresh mountain air!
Pager friendly!
this hotel is pager friendly!
Modern casino, very cool.
Nice but not my favorite
Beautiful waterfall
Beautiful room!
Vegas cranks up the volume on the weekend.
Pet friendly rooms for an additional $50/day! :) and dog treats when you check in too!
SEX Calibur Sword
Free players suite upgrade . Yuuuuupppp!
Though it may be a bit far from the strip, the deal was well worth it!
Watching the volcano thing
Alchyyyyyy!
Lax nightclub
Clean restrooms to take a much needed dump after enjoying a heavy meal at the PBr Rock bar
Club xs!
Wonderful hotel, but too bad its location is quite far
Home for the next 5 days!
$2 tacos to soak up the alcohol!
Time to handle business!!!
Atmosphere is always so fun here!!!
Feels good to be home HAHA
Tiff n eddie wanna kill Meeeesss
Finally! Happy 21st to my little sister Diana Nguyen :)
Feels like I was just here :) haha
Dollar beer and hotdogs wooooo!
We hurrrr
Let's get this party started right, Let's get drunk and freaky fly, you with me so it's alright, we gonna stay up the whole night!
Hitting up my slot machine
Since January 2016, they've had  self check-in/out kiosks. How efficient.  (Some exceptions apply.)
Call the front desk to check out to avoid the long lines.
It's bout to get cray cray!
Home away from home.
One mo time!
Best suites!!!
Going to see The Lion King.
Midsummer Nights Dream Masquerade
Ladies weekend! :)
Wow long wait to check in
Convenience. Forum shops; restaurants & shopping. Fabulous rooms.
Seafood Buffet!
Home for the weekend :)
Home for the weekend!
Playing wing woman tonight!
High teaing in the hot weather...
Beer pong?
Oooo lala AC
Watch for resort fees !!!!!
Let the madness ensue
Sweet digs. Thanks Scion!!!
Buffet line is madness
Yeaaaa baby!
Checking out
Finally here!!!
Home for the weekend.
Our crib for the weekend.
#zumanity
Drink time
Yes I'm here duhhh
I love you hard rock
Very pager friendly.
Verizon signal friendly
Free Wifi all day everyday
Upon check-in you get a buy one drink get one free drink coupon.
Nice rooms.
Nice go rooms!
Hey nice rooms! Officially on a Mini vacay to start off Babe's bday weekend :)
Double Bed Queen room, spacious.
Nice f*ckin' hip suites! Maximizing a stay here.
Comfy bed, flat screen, clean room, mini fridge and microwave. Friendly staff!
Chillin with tony, sully, star, jason and tom bythe pool!
Pent house at the Aria hotel!
Just got to Vegas and checked into The Cosmopolitan, fashion show at Sak's 5th ave. Then flight at 7am to LA and straight to school!
"Love" is a must-see.
Steer clear of those timeshare people. They're at the end of every hallway!
Ditch Fridays!!!!
You gotta check out mandy at the breath oxygen bar, definitely a must try
Our hotel got real lions...what's yours got??
Pre game to the big game!!
Pool time!!
Someone just doodoo'd in the pool, security just shut it down
No lions, but it has wood in the name so I'm down...lolz
WOW
Checking in!
Wrap around suite!
No turning back now we in here =\
Checking out this new casino they have out here, it's nice in here
$6.99 steak and eggs!!!
the rooms are wow!
1 bedroom suite is crazy nice!
Waiting in this looonggg line to check in!
Island sushi & Hawaiian Grill at the Plaza is delicious and isnt badly priced!
Giggity
Love the pool!
Tweet @ariaLV before you go and you get a free upgrade!
Nice gym, free water and towel at entrance. Must have room key to enter.
Buffet time!
Home!
Extended our trip since we missed our flight;)
My home til Sunday !
My home til Monday
Pool party!
Seafood Buffet!!
Russell Peters!
The Gallery!
Hella full
Drunk as Fuck
Racks on nickles lol
The view is epic
The  lobby restrooms are so clean......lol flush
Back at this shit hole!
--
--
--
--
--
-- finally here!! :))
Aaah Venice...
E tu Brut?
Boom
Mixed feelings here. The staff definitely needs an attitude upgrade
Finally get to see my favorite part of Vegas.... The water show
Long day!
Pool side!! Guests receive two free tubes to glide across the "lazy river" with! Fun!
Lazy river before leaving!
The rodeo's in town! Damn! I love me a good cowboy hat.
My bartender is making me something from his arsenal... Awesome. :)
Still a long time favorite!  Love the aerial show!  Service has always been great!  Always great to see Rio, glad she isn't on the strip! ;)
Don't really see what all the fuss is about this place.  The inside is a bit boring and not much else.  I had higher hopes for the decor!
Swanky casino with beautiful details!  Pretentious for sure.  Bring lots of money, you will need it.  $17 for a 15 min gondola ride?
Extraordinary!  Played for 4 hours on a penny machine & came out ahead!
Hidden Fee Alert!!  The resort fee does not cover your inner tube for the lazy river ($16)  Beer @ the pool is $8!  H2o is $5?  Boo!  Boo!
WTF is the point coming here?  Where is Oz? Hell, I couldn't find a cheap slot machine or a $5 table! No wonder this place is in $ trouble!
Still my favorite for their details!  Too bad they took out Tut's Tomb for the Titanic!  Spa is exorbitantly over-priced for massages!  :(
Swankier than a skank on crack, posher than Posh Spice, Kit says OMG - love the weird wine contraption that is at Cafe Aureole.  Whoo-Hoo!!
Seriously, a tattoo parlor and piercing on the casino floor?  Wow....what were they thinking?  Skanky!  Very disappointed to see that!  Eweh
This is one of the most swankified hotel rooms I've ever stayed in.  A full kitchen, a balcony overlooking the strip, and a private gate?
What the F*** does the Pussycat Dolls have to do with Caesars?  Why do they have stripper poles in the gaming area?  Women want like it..Boo
Ok, flipping Henderson Yelper off!  Read all my reviews before you contact me!  Go Crickets!  Hail Caesar for an amazing place!
Over-rated.  Rooms are cheap-looking with black lacquer wood and a bathroom that is one step above Motel 6.  Will go ghetto quick.....
Tacky on the outside; tackier on the inside.  $200 sign-up for new players is a scam for tourists.  Best to not waste your time here! Avoid!
One last hand.... (gambling hotline may I help you?)
Dead sober and stuffed. Hello bed.
Elvis has left the building... damn you Sunday *shakes fist*
Ph I'm back.  My suite better be ready
$30 per night resort fee covers valet parking, golf cart to casitas, use of spa facilities and pools and internet access
Full house!
31st Floor Presidential Suite...Sweeeeet!
American Dental Association Meeting!
60th Floor Panoramic Strip View Suite, Gotta Love Vegas!
Free Wi-Fi & Smoke Free!
54th Floor Penthouse, Baby!!!
Complimentary Limousine Service To The Airport! Sweet!!!
Complimentary Limousine Service to the Airport! Sweet!
Complimentary Limo Service to the Airport! Sweet!
Buffet Time!!!
58th Floor Angle Suite Baby!
Detox & Relax ;)
Cancelled flight :( at least I can lounge in style while I wait for my rescheduled flight xP
One of the better domestic lounges I've been to. All inclusive and very VIP. Two thumbs up from this guy
Free WiFi
MJ is awesome, excellent customer service and VIP all the way!
Dunkin donuts out of donuts til 4am
$1 margaritas
Siren's show.
Volcano!
Lost $40 on blackjack.
home for the next week!
Time for a beer!!
Time for a beer in Gonzalez's!!
Home away from home for a few days!!
Smells good in here
Hotel hopin'
New south tower renovation is amazing. Just sad that there's no microwave in the suites
Brought my British accent
Finally made it, now waiting on my bestie to arrive
Finally
The smell of this place makes me sneeze. Oo wee
Friend's villa!
Inhaling Vanilla air
finally!!!!
So nice! Well-ventilated. Lots of chandeliers
The tv, lights and drapes open when you enter the room. Cool!!
Checking In
Here for UFC TUF weigh ins!
What?!?!?
Rise and shine bishes!! We got things to see and people to do! Cheehuuu!! lol
Time for bed....
Mirage is the perfect name for this place.  Like a mirage, it looks nice but the amenities are a disappointment. Gym/fitness center only open until 6 and internet is terrible. Those are the two things people here on business need!!!
Limo driver Maurice was awesome and bell Michael remembered us from las time! Awesome employees Aria!
Awesome hotel!
I freakin' love this hotel!
Waiting to check in
APSCU conference this weekend
Home for the weekend !! :)
Where Hawaii comes to gamble
The beef jerky store is in here now
Lower numbered rooms are further from the elevators - damn it, I'm tired!
There's a hash house-a-gogo
Mmm 3.99 steak and eggs...
Finally.
I love this hotel! Home for now. #cosmopolitan
Gamblin' and losin my ass...
Nap time
Mother/Daughters time begins!
Breakfast!!
Respect Your Universe Retail Store!!
first stop..work begins...
another day, another dollar...
Motley crew!!!!!!!
Lax!
My Vegas is showing
Picking up tickets to Tim McGraw and Faith Hill for tonight, anybody wanna come?
Incredibly sweet staff
MDW here we go
Surprisingly one of the better hotels
Michael Jackson immortal. OMG
Upgraded to the four seasons from Mandalay and an awesome view of the strip. I'll take it.
Don't order the corned beef hash from room service. Not very good.
Thunderbird graduation
Global gala!
A bathtub facing the Cosmopolitan? Yes, thank you.
Penna
Penn and Teller!
Gorgeous units! Check in is behind flamingo
Ready for some MJ cirque du soleil
Reunited with my brother,niece and sister in law! Yay!
Lunch with Miss Patty and husband!
Buffet time!
Great for business and those who want to be away from the action, but still experience a little vegas!
If I'm gonna lose my money they should at least have friendly dealers...never again
On to The Bank!
Viva Las Vegas!! :)
Can't believe I'm doing the big shot ride with Liz
Free upgraded suite!
Jabbawockeez!
Yesss!
Viva!
Upgraded!
Boss cup!
Still time to put in my 3 teamer...
Good gambling here!
Fiji water everywhere.
Comfy chairs.
Thumbs down for this hotel
The volcano show is the worst tourist attraction ever
the view is AMAZING!
David is awesome! Checked us all in and hooked it up!
Pool is open 8 am to 6 pm.
The gym is open 24/7!
Valet only. No self park.
Gunna see O! So excited!
This isn't the real Caesar's Palace is it?
Hello my 3rd home!!! Weee!
Just owning life like a boss on the slots!
Last like half hour at the palazzo then it's back home to Cali!
Palazzo, oh how I've missed thee!
Home for the next 3 days!!
Today is going to be a very lucky day! :)
Home
Break out the champagne glasses and the muffakin.....
Don't call it a comeback
Is you say daddys home
And just like that...is you say...
Waiting for the Jabawokeez show
The Improv
Buffet Time!
and the adventure continues..
Checking In :)
O.o
party time!!
checking in. tehehe.
bye bye!
love hate relationship with slot machines ...
game on !!!!
So prettiful!
Pool!
The vdara suite is uh-mazing!! Full kitchen, washer/dryer, 1 bd/2 bath, eating area, & stainless steel appliances.
Systems were down upon Check-in & Check-out :(
free.99 continental pre-breakfast. Ya guys want some coooookieeeeees?????
Were heeeeerrree.
THIS is home.
Yah. Imma live here.
what to eat....
Refuel and then, winning time!
hard to find quick eats here today
Meetings for the Affiliate Summit West
Great lunch counter.
mmm... $2.99 shrimp cocktail.
Chilling by the pool.
Leaving Vegas today. :(
Exhausted
Resting up before another night.
Resting up
Mmm
Love this place!!!
Drunkish
Smells so good here all the time
Oh snap...
Complementary admission for u and a friend to Marquee if u r staying here.:) use ur room key and check with front desk.
Wow.
My pager gets very little reception.
Such a nice departure from the big chains. Quaint, quiet, and perfectly situated. You don't want to stay anywhere else.
Rear entrance smells like poop; yes, it's punny.
Jabbawockeez!!
10 dollars cash for completing a survey!
Chanel store in here!
Take advantage if the good deals, get them emailed!
Nice room, good deal. Make sure you use credit card, not debit. They put huge holds on debit accounts.
Go during Chinese New Year, decor is very cool.
Chanel store at The Forum Shopa
Hope you like Elvis music, that's all you'll get here from Big Elvis.
Rub the buda belly for good luck! Entrance behind The Cosmopolitan.
Modern hotel
Wat a pos hotel
Get some earls
Wow, this hotel is old school! Parking is outside with no direct access.
The New Year Decorations are beautiful.
We're here, guys.
Home for the next couple of days. Jet tub, dual closets, bathroom tv- nice!
Staggering back to the right hotel is always good- lol
The interior is so understated but so posh at the same time.
The light fixtures are so mesmerizing.
Winning!
Free wifi for guests!
Resort doesn't offer free wifi to guests. =(
Love this hotel and all the celebs I run into!
Vanity!
Showerhead not so good.
:D
Got my girls, got my $1. Chippendale's!!!!!
Sooo, is this the real Caesar's Palace?
$5 blackjack all day long. I hope I don't sit with noobs.
the cal
Happy 37th anniversary to the Cal.. free guava & dobash cake for everyone.
aloha...
the cal
at da cal!
da nugget
concrete jungle where dreams are made of...
just gettin in... good night nyny
checkin out.. thank you nyny
concrete jungle where dreams are made of... haha
NYCLV
NYCLV
NYC-ya
and they say new york city
nyc-ya
venezia
PH!!
back in the house once again
room one twelve
room 112
one of the nicest lobbies... straight modern
back in the house 1nce again..
i luh this town
Lets win please
Holla
Not shity
When in Rome, guess I'm going for the Giants
Honey I'm home
Home but no sleep lol
Remodeled looks good
No Smoking????
Ball so hard!!!!
Make it two cause I'm home with a guest
Monay, mona'y, mooonaaay!
Fancy pants
Chee!!
Best stay yet!
Hilariously cheesy. A must experience!
Place is gorgeous! And tables are high stakes. No small minimums here. Buckle up!
Goudy and fun. Amazing looking from the outside. Clean and comfortable on the inside. Lots of bars and rest.
Great place to stay. Everything u need and then some.
What a concrete piece of crap. Old and lackluster.
Super nice casino.
The shark reef is nice but not worth $20 I can use in the craps table. Ha.
Beautiful modern hotel. My favorite to see from the outside.
Short skirts!
Great location to local venues like Ak-Chin pavilion and local restaurants.  Friendly staff!
Tommy Lee
Checking out now I love it here :(
Jason at the lobby bar makes the most amazing elderflower gimlet on the planet and he rocks!
Finally checking out, I just came up on roulette!!! Holla!!
Excelllent service!! Freeee upgrades!
Just won $45!
Bufffeettt time :)
Love gambling here.
Playing Roulette.... Love playing in not so crowded casinos ....
The fitness center is located inside the spa ! It's not much but it's something..
Last night here, though I probably won't be here much.
It's more like a check out.  Lol
Final drive out to EDC
nous sommes arrivs
Pool time!!
Yay to being drunk by 1
Finally effing here!!  Hallellujah!!
We are here
Alright, here we go again
Checking it out
Pretty nice
Sea food buffet!!!
Liquor store!
Gandolas daylight at ten pm and gelato
Aw no lions
Oldie but a goodie
Hope it's pager friendly
Vegas baby platinum entry
Home sweet home
Slimmies at the pool. Yum
The rooms here have the best showers on earth. Wow.
Skanky chicks abound
Elvis is in the building...
Boating tomorrow on Lake Mead... but "slumming" it at this dive tonight!
30th Floor... But a little closer to heaven here.
The Chandelier!
Vegas baby...............
Yippe
Thank you Lord....... we made it safe.  With Gary & Beau Beau.
By by...
With grandsons and hubby.
Beau Beau mamma's coming home. Checked out
One of my top 3 hotels in Vegas.
Love this hotel!!! Stunning...
No more lions :(
Made it just in time to watch the Fall of Atlantis
Quick, get a pic of me by the indoor waterfall ;)
Marquee!!
PaRaging
All you can eat seafood!
$9 for a vodka/rocks?
Yay Vegas!!
Aurora is a pretty chill bar! Waitresses are hot and some are friendly!
Checkout time, only two ppl working, fifty foot long line.  Cannot wait to leave.
Vegas, we meet again.
Fk..  yeah!
Just won 80 bucks off free slot play :-)
Visiting my favorite mixologist Manny! Damn I miss his mixing skills!
Lots of construction right now...and NO MORE TIGERS! TOOK THEM OUT 3 MONTHS AGO!! BOO!
$1 roulette!
the rooms here are pretty swanky
time to gamble
really nice view of the strip
Poker room
Escaping the heat
Second round
Looks the same as pht
Digging the pink! Room is suh-weet!!
Lazy river pool!
We're here!!!
Cheap last minute booking on Hotels.com - flight cancelled due to tornados in Dallas!
Great pool!
Super quick check in, great location.
A day at the spa!
No strollers allowed! Hard core.
I'm watching Jabbawockeez tonight!
More hotel hopping!
Time to do some real shopping!
Buffet time with my in-laws!
Thank you for a wonderful stay Cosmo!
Getting my bake on!
Aquarium no longer has the sharks :(
They have an S4 Audi on the slots for you to winnnn
I'm hereeeeee
They have a corvette on the slots, needs something to do while boo waits in line
The after party begins ya dig!
It's go time and I'm already feeling myself.
Its already started out here!!!
Finally got back to the hotel room.
Late night ya dig!
Time to hit up the roulette table and place some bets for the day.
It's go time with the Fam!!!
Round 2
Party time!!!!!
Huge..   be prepared to walk....
Motley crue weekend...
After seeing every hotel on the strip, this was by far the nicest hotel. Can't wait to stay here!
Switching hotels. Hopefully it's not as bad as everyone says!
Watching the game..Go Niners!
Buzzin like a bee..
M club gave us complimentary! Yayy'
$1.99 foot long hot dogs!
$1.99 foot long hot dogs :)
Our home for the weekend !
Home sweet home!
On to the next !
4/12/12 They're under construction, the lion exhibit is closed permanently.
It's nice in here
It's pretty in here
Buffet time
Comedy show tickets
Giving away a $50 voucher
$1 frozen margaritas
Had to use my free $50 slots voucher.
Took a cool boat ride
Blue Man Group
So far so good.
Back in my sweet hotel room for a quick moment & reset.
A great view to start off a beautiful day in Vegas.
And the conference continues!
Room to figure out what activities to do tonight.
About to lay it down for the night. Have to be up in a few hours! Vegas baby!
Back at it on a little sleep! Vegas baby!
Hoping this first half of my day wraps up soon...starting to have hunger yell in my ear...
George Wallace at the Flamingo Showroom
Laying the head down now to get a couple of hours of sleep.
Back to work...sleep not necessary...yet!
Back to work...sleep not necessary...yet!
Leaving soon! Later Vegas.
Renovations look nice.
Make sure to look at all the birds around the facilities
Just looking
Jeziell's bachelorette pad for the weekend !
Shuttle drop off.
Its too hot out! Going in to shop
Shuttle pick up before the airport
Shop and eat! What I do best!
Theyre jammin music from The Bay! Heeeyyyyy!
Home Sweet Home away from home :-)  Tip: They want $100 a night deposit on top of your hotel fee but ask if you can pay half.
Nice hot day! But I always miss breakfast :-( so im going across the street for some retail therapy!
See you next year! Thanks for the comfortable bed!
Cool spot
Like bridges between hotels
It's easy to go to the VIP booth. Sheeez!
Checking in.
Good bye Hard Rock!
Good morning, Vegas!
Why is parking so far!?
Comped room!
Video Poker... Craps at night only!!! :)
Crap tables slow!!!
My favorite place!
Scored this on Hotwire for $100 (125 after taxes) - sweet deal!
Very nice hotel option if you don't care about staying downtown. Close to airport.
Hiiii!!!
Purrrrdy!!!
Yay!!!
Hello!!!
I love Elegance...
Uh oh... She's drunk
Hello hello!
I just saw some sexy pirates walking by...
Dolphins!
Hellooooo
Just me & my boo... Mini getaway
One of our many stops =)
Hiiiiiiiiiiii!!! ;)
Beautifullllll stay! ^_^
Gonna get butt naked & knock out in our suite!!! Yay!
Beautiful
We're here!
In back !!!
Im back!
I looove the decor here
Beauty
=)
Fancy!
It's the spiffy new venetian, with the same crappy pool.
Upgraded suite :)
Queue bar
Breakfast time
Last check-in.. Going home in a few hours:(
Miguel Cotto
Dinner @ Planet Dailies
Last hours @ Planet Hollywood!! Until we meet again!!
Going to sleep....in a suite....on the couch.
From New York to New York lol
Pool time!
Snow Patrol!!
Snow Patrol!!
Food Truck Vegas Un'Corked event!
Pizza slice!
Buffet!
Checking in!
OMG! it's GINORMOUS! O_O
lions, tigers, and dolphins! oh my!
billboard 2012 music award this weekend!
sky suites! VIP section! :D
big money! big money! first time gambling and won $2.50 at the slots! bwahaha
Lighting and temp can be controlled from the hdtv. Shower blinds that open from the room side a plus if you're at your target weight.
Day 2
Happy Birthday Scotty!
Last day in Vegas! Making it worth the trip more awesome with a new room and lots more partying tonight!
Free drinks!
Pretty!
Grubbin b4 tryst!
Ready for zumanity! This place is packed!
This cab line is ridiculous..
Like a mini caesars palace lol
Beautiful day beautiful hotel
Aw phantom ends in Sep 2012 wow
Rage wknd!!
Such a convenient location
Ready to win and rage
Smooth check in, friendly staff, gorgeous hotel!  Feel like royalty!
Gorgeous hotel
Catch the free tram back to Mandalay Bay here!
Sip a luxurious cocktail in the Parasol Up...and Down
Great collection of rock star guitars and costumes!
Nice 39th floor suite with the fridge, dishwasher etc...  Decor is Hollywood theme.  Middle of the strip.  Nice pleasant stay.
$12.99 for 24 hours of Internet access is a little steep
At the carnival buffet
The rooms are beautiful
Fantasy
Van Halen concert
Parking for Insert Coins.
Give about 20 minutes for valet. Don't come here in a hurry with a plan to get out soon.
The cleaning staff is amazing and helpful.
55th floor has a viewing area outside the elevators of the south view. 56 does not!
Air conditioning
Power nap
Sun day part two
It P I M P time! #makeyouluck
Avs is unimpressed lol
Lots of pillows & different types too! :) Bring a data cable to use their streaming Netflix in room. Room has mini kitchen w/microwave, fridge, sink & coffeemaker. Room has iHome radio w/nature & bedtime sounds plus iPhone dock. Bring your own water because a 10oz Dasani is $2 from vending machine.
Free parking. No resort fee. Don't have a car?...take the monorail (picks up nearby) to the strip. Operates until 2am weekdays and 3am Fri-Sun. $5/ride and I think $10 if you buy a day pass.
AC only goes down to 68 degrees.  Not cold enough to sleep with covers. .. especially when its 105 degrees outside. Also, ask for a room on a higher floor to avoid being woken up by the occasional ambulance.
The bed and pillows are amazing! Best sleep I've had in a looooong time. Rooms are a lot more modern looking than the pics here on Yelp. White beds, 37" LG flat screen TV, beautiful lamps & furniture, granite countertops & travertine-look tiles. SUPER nice & super clean.
Ohhhhh! *So THIS is "THE D" that everyone's talkin about in all these rap songs lately...* Haww! Nawwwt!
Back for more "D"!
woohoo!!
Checking in
We out. Peace.
This room is NOT where they have the WSOP.
This is where Ruth's Chris is.
1045a and a room was available. Bam.
... And we're back.
Check in line was 2 1/2 hours long at 9pm. Alarm system going off at 6:25am. Fuck you, Excalibur. Never again.
Free mint juleps & I'm betting on horses. I love this casino!
Food!
Exceptional service and they are very accommodating! Free room upgrade, shuttle service, and late check out time.
While I would never stay here, I am moderately impressed by their casino.
Almost everything has been impeccable during our stay so far.
I'm hoooooome
Omg why am I here
So extravagant.
Go big or go home!
Jumping off the Stratosphere Tower!
Watching O
Vegas Weekend here!
Baseball!
Staying here for the weekend .
Staying here for the weekend .
Quick trip this time.
They're selling clothing in the poker room.. Weird set up!
Last pigfest
I wish the bathroom at work smelled like this place.
Great view from the 34th floor
City corner suite with 270 degree views..
Nice rooms and Japanese soaking tub.
Now that's a shower and tub!
Good night.
World series of poker!!!
Back again :)
Til next time Aria!
Time to dine with 20 celebrity chefs!
No yoga for 4 days....BOOOOO. Treadmill it is! Eh.
Time to workout!!!!
Treadmill time! And watchiing Food Network!
Time to eat! Again!! ;)
Ka-ching!
Time for yummy breakfast!!!!
Cirque du Soleil LOVE Beatles!!!!!!!
There's a conference going on...it's crazy here!!!
Smoking rooms smell like dog urine
Here for 5 nights. A Hilton for $65 a night !
This is where everyone goes at the end of the monorail
Gave flamingo another try. Not bad for one night stay.
Rooms are nice
Buca di Bepo for the team dinner!
Great location!
Fantasy show!!
This is the life!!
It looks like a Disney Paris!
Great performers!
We are here....fabulous!
Happy bday to my Steph doll....we gonna let Vegas have it Again lol
Shopping gelato etc
Ohh lavish life lol: you can check out until 12pm and not get charged check with front desk though
43rd floor rooms 1-10 have views of the bellagio fountains
Great hotel.. Ask for room on the 47th 12 floor on the west end for sure a view of the bellagio fountains...
The ladies made us drive all the way over here, but if that's what ladies want that is what the ladies shall receive!?!
Fight Night!
Did the real Caesar actually stay here and do you know if this hotel is pager friendly?!?
Amazing resort!
I am a fan! Beautiful rooms, awesome rooms, fantastic hotel
The rooms in the North Tower could really use some towel racks.
Love this hotel!
It's too crowded here now. I miss the days when no one knew about this place.
Vegas what's really? #4thofJuly
its like a tomb in here
3 bedroom penthouse has a pool table, movie room and great view
the movie 21 was filmed here.
my faaaaave hotel. soooooo aaaamazing!
i looooooove vdara!!! the whole city center actually!! soooo high class, modern, cleeeean and smells amazing!! like pastries and ice cream!!
love this hotel!!!
last night before its back to reality so sadd!!
so beautifullllll!!!
Chillaxing.
Home!!!!
Seafood buffet here we come!
Seafood buffet opens at 1pm today
Marilyn's Cafe open 24 hours!
It's too bad I don't have a promoter here to help me skip this line.
Clean, cute pool, spacious rooms.
a/c i praise thee!
Omg, the amount of people here is ridiculous!
Amazing suite...super clean.
At the Ho!
This place is not as fun or exciting as the commercials portray
#FionasLastFlingBeforeTheRing
Suiteeee!!! Haha get it?
Check out time is noon
Missed the opening of Olympics bring on a plane. But at least I'm up 66 from poker
Ownership needs to re-invest some of the revenue $ in renovations; casino carpet is worn out, decor is outdated, change the mirror look going up/down the escalator, that's been there for 3-generations...old pic's from the mob museum look like current pictures of the cal.
Can order Stella beer , playing
Island sushi & grill restaurant opening at the upcoming re-opening, smart move! Now walking distance from the Cal!
Doesn't anyone have pictures to share?
Great casino! But, Saw only 1-progressive $.25 and $1 video poker stations...need to add more of these
The forum tower may not have the view for the water show, but the roomy suite is definitely an easy trade.
Venus pool club, kool spot to hang out.
Convention in 20 minutes.
Convention day 2, 8-2pm.
Shark reef with my colleagues.
Be on the roller coaster baby!
Viva Las Vegas :-)
Laugh Factory!
They have Nathan's
It's pretty suite
Hours
Suite life
Pineapple mint water
Suite sweets
Marquee
Lion fight tonight
Why am I here
Suite upgrade! Ha!
Bodies exhibit
Sick pool
Weekend in vegas. Fuck yea!
Change of hotel
Pre-partying
Death cab for cutie pool party!!!!
More like checking into a bot of jack
Amazing
Stevie Wonder in the house
So pretty. I'm fucked buzzed.
Ahhh, being here makes me miss the real Paris!! I wanna go back and eat all the delicious food! :P
Checked in, got ready, and took tequila shots. Let's get this night started!!! :)
Such an amazing trip!! Thanks Jeff for the beautiful room with the great view! There was a bit of a problem with management but we got them to comp us $75 so that was nice. I miss you guys already!
Thank you for our amazingly huge and beautiful one bedroom suite! I loved the impeccable service. You've made my 25th birthday absolutely wonderful!! :))
Feeling that buzz, yo!!
We're HERRRREEEEE!!! :D yay yay yay!! Awesome room with a beautiful view! :))
Goodbye Cosmo!! You've been super fun!! ;)
C'mon money money money $$$
Dinner wih family for rays birthday
Lunch with the in laws and grandparents before my trip back home tomorrow
Had a three day conference here and everything was great. The food, clean air, modern furnishings, etc...
First rate hotel all the way. The suites are modern and the air is clean. No smoking! Definitely a great place to stay.
Check in line is insane...
Pool decor looks like Alice in Wonderland
Choose from over 6 pools
Gorgeous hotel!!
My favorite hotel AND casino
Love the comp nights here. Comp, comp, comp. They must really want my money.
First time here !!!!!!!!
If you stay here, the resort fee includes the basic internet connection.
Make sure to get one of the remodeled rooms!
$5 minimum roulette! I always bet on black :)
Room service at 5am!! :)
Beautiful hotel with loft style rooms.. Very friendly housekeeping staff! Love this place :)
Non smoking king bed on a Friday night for $33. Pretty damn good
The Rio can't be more than 15 years old, but it already looks outdated and pass. Probably why you don't see many theme hotels built in Vegas anymore.
Business is done. Gambling time!
Up $50 in 10 minutes. Buh-zing!!
Yeah, this room is awesome. Gotta love my moms Diamond status!
Mfest!
Wearing green @ green valley..now I need some green!
Triple 7 high roller beer is da bomb!
Liking the clubby vibe.
Suite life
Worst toiletries ever.
Beds are not comfy.  I like the scent of the toiletries.
Complete bliss. Get there early stay after use the steam room and the espa products.  Therapists are world class.
$600 on a Friday for a daybed?  When Marquee was offering chairs at $200.  Laughable.  Blvd is a joke.  Pools are small.
Samsung tvs are huge.  Channels are limited.  Fluffiest softest towels ever.
Really far from The Strip, love the amenities and decor in room
They carry humidifiers!
Drinks and playin!
Drinks!
Lots of cool slot machines!
Monday afternoon = not too busy!
It's super dark inside this casino but it's one of my favorite spots to play slots! Plus they have dollar hot dog! Lol.
It's dark and janky! Thank goodness it's a short walk to Harrahs! And the tables are cheaper than the other casinos
Check out the pool and bowling area!
Pretty!
Bomb ass view of the strip!
Old skool Vegas. Great hotel with lions.
Half off tickets at Harrahs near the Bally's crosswalk!
Business trip ... Can't complain
the business center charges $1/page for printing!
Sooooo far from the strip
Very elegant and trendy casino resort
First casino resort that smells fresh like soap.
The hotel is run down but the rooms are large. You would think that at the prices they charge they would check to make sure all the lights work. The beds are in need of replacing. You might also think that a 3 inch gap at the bottom of the door might be a tad abnormal. Definitely substandard for a service oriented business.
Check out the chandelier bar and the amazing suite balcony views!
Free Budweiser and Clydesdale Show til 7.
Awesome, newly renovated, contemporary room. Thanks for the deal, Yelp! It pays off to be Elite! ;)
$39/night rate for Thursday! But not much late night food...
Checking In!
This bed and these views are amazing.
Love playing poker here!
Wooohooo checking out cage the elephant !!
$1 real beef hot dogs, bud light draft and nachos
The very center of Vegas....15-20 minutes to anything.
Worst valet parking EVER.  Been a guest 4 nights and haven't been able to use valet once? UNACCEPTABLE!
So excited
Lobby
I bar is not open till 5
The free show SUCKED!!! it used to be a good pirate show. Now it's Strip Club versus Men's Gay Choir. Totally not worth the walk to get there or the unsuspecting crowd u have to deal with! Go to Bellagio or Mirage-short, bit worth it.
Quick check in that's to my total reward status! Renovated room nice, but the contractors should have done a better job on wallpaper  & design team should have gotten better quality furniture!!!
I will not stay here, but I will gamble here!!!
Let's do this!!!!!!
Work
Vegas!
Don't try to Czech in before 3, or they'll charge you. $25 before noon, $15 before 3. And they TAX you on it too!
Don't lose your friends... Vegas makes it impossible to find them again....
Get a view room, if you can.  The sunrise over the strip is great!
Hangin' with my Momo before her checkout. This is the hotel where Thunder from Down under is at, ladies. *hint*
With my Momo and her friends' bachelorette
I like all the white: walls, floors etc. Mob Attraction is real fun
Crsvr, kidrobot, allsaints, marquee, the chandelier
The Hotel does not close!
There is a nice selection of wines here!
Just grabbed tix for tonight's Love Beatles Show!!
Is this the real Caesars Palace?!
1st stop!!
Elegant, spacious rooms await you at this AAA Five Diamond award winning hotel!
Breath Taking
Buffet line is incredibly long. Be willing to wait at least 30mins. It was seafood night when I went, first Vegas buffet. Pretty good.
Fountain show
Buffet
Service is slow... :-(
You can get packages shipped here but they don't tell you it costs $7 processing until it's already in front of you. Complete BS
The Princess Bride slot is inside the casino! Anybody wanna peanut???
pirate show
Here for the California Healthcare Leadership Academy.
$20 Sandwich worked again!
Absolutely Amazing! Difficult to get parking tho!
If you play roulette, follow the housewife from Idaho. She picks all the winning numbers :p
Park here and visit the rest of the strip!
The costumed actors are awesome!
Monday night and its almost empty here!
Visit the statue of Lenin!
It may be off the strip, but it's still an excellent hotel!
Definetly consider this hotel when booking to Las Vegas. They have all the amenities and are close enough to the Strip. They are only a few blocks from Miracle Mile!
this place rocks!
Near the airport, 99 a night is a good price for Vegas.
nice room bad service, ordered some hot tea never came! paradise cafe was awesome great food. girl a coffee shop in downstairs lobby total b
Oh ya
Beautiful hotel. If you're looking for luxury at max, this is one of the hotels to be.
Vamos al stroller!!! Que miedo,quien se anima
Great restaurant,beautiful view,great food,nice service,expensive,romantic definitive one of the best in VEGAS
Este es una de las habitaciones esta padrsima tiene hasta cocina y todo que padre
The people here is so mean,they not attentive whit how pay the tickes for see the show,also no buy the tickets on line because they not not guaranti u sit.
Espacioso,elegante y muy bonito hotel,el nico problema es que te invade gente tratando de venderte los cuartos???
Chequen este lugar esta padrsimo,esta es una lmpara grandsima y a baj ah una barra
Very nice hotel in a great location. Just don't feed the homeless people.
Gamble, drink, hang out at the pool, enjoy life!
Holy shit!
$$$
Get drunk, have sex, chill at the pool and win some money (in that order)!
No wonder it's a crash pad courtesy of airlines in the event of delay. Who would pay for the dump?
They have a total makeover no wonder the gays picked thus as the host hotel for gay weekend Vegas.
Nice hotel for a great price. Ask to be in the renovated tower when checking in because not all rooms are fully renovated!
I love the brunch here!! Champagne and oysters yummy!!
Nice service.  Forgot my razor and bam! Razor in 5 mins
Oh hot damn. Hello haze
Favorite hotel to stay in Vegas!!!
Octavia rooms are nice
the fine restaurants are amazing and good service
XS Saturday night Avicii off the hook
The buffet here is cheap and goooood!
Extra nice and centrally located!
Getting penn & teller tickets...
Cruising...
French food... So good!
Already back :) at diamond lounges snacking ...
Living life... It's Vegas!!!
Workout done!! Boom!!! :)
Walking thru, walk pass from Paris to bally's :)
Roulette... $5 minimum !
Being the VIP WE ARE!!!!! 4-6pm hot food served on Fri & Sat!  Always great service with a :)  Diamond players get + 1   7 stars get + 3 I think....  Just make sure u tip generously...
Awesome suites, view, and service! Audry at front desk is very helpful! I definitely recommend this place.
VIP checking is the only way to do Vegas!!'
Great service!!
Moose heads in the suite.
Pretty decent rooms.  For the price point I kinda like the linq a little better.
Watch your purse!!! Just be street smart and laugh your behind off.
I like the Encore casino better bc it's not so crowded but if you want to see some more action walk over here.
Go during the week if you want to avoid the tourist crowds.
Love this hotel because the casino is way less crowded than the others. If you want to get in on more action you can walk down the hall to The Wynn.
Haze Nightclub-Ask for Charlie if you need a table reservation. Be sure to tip everyone well if they hooked you up. If you order a magnum they announce it and bring it out in a little police car. We requested not to have them do this bc well, it's not my style but I will say it was hilarious to watch others! Had a great time! Great music and well dressed crowd.
No Admirals Club in this airport so go to the Amex Club if you have a card. Free if it's not an affiliate card for you and two guests. Highly recommend! Light buffet included, wifi, and the place is really nice.
4th floor parking garage is the easiest way to get in and out of Wynn or Encore.
I can't believe I've lived here 5 years and this is my first trek to Mt. Charleston.  Awesome weather, great hiking, quaint cabins and terrific customer service. Check out Cathedral rock  for a semi-easy 1.5 hour hike and stay in cabin 4. The view is terrific.
Great meeting spaces if you are looking to throw a meeting/convention.
Decent breakfast and Bloody Marys
Make sure you go to the "Platinum" room for check in if you are a Platinum Marriott member. No need to stand in the long check in lines.
Good times!
Nice
Very limited indoor parking.
Two blocks east of strip.
Love you Vegas you beat me up!!!
The lobby bar is awesome for cocktails
Bring a jacket!
Palms Place is the newest edition. Very nice.
The dancers are whack.
Good price .. Decent service .. Can't complain
Checked in, got ready, and going out!
There are legit beer pong tables!!
Don't miss the crepe and chocolate shop on the first floor!
Don't miss the flower show in the lobby
Robes are provided by request only, so give housekeeping a call and tip your nice attendant.
The Octavious Tower is so nice and secluded you can not hear anything going on in the casino.
The Seven Stars and Diamond reception desk offers complimentary bottled water, tea and coffee.
If you are looking for fast casual options check out the Cypress Street Market Place inside the casino near the Forum Mall entrance.
Get a M-Life card and book threw them you will get max points for rewards
Gambling
Vegas!
Need a drink quick!
Drinkin!
Cirque tickets
The best place to stay on the Strip if you wanna party high-class.
Awesome decor!!!! They make it look just like New York....
Fun...fun....fun
Very nice I'm impressed....
Happy Hour @ Fleur!!! 5-7p
When you get the $10 free slot play you ONLY can play it at ONE machine. However you can cash out the winnings for every win spin. My best advice is before you use the $10 slot play use your own money first to test is certain machines are in a hot cycle. If that machine is hot then use the $10 free slot play. Just remember to cash out the winnings after every win spin.
According to the book if you want a great return on investment play the multi line slots on a max bet as you get numerous changes to win. That's if you're wiling to spend a lot of money.
If you're not a Total Rewards member you have to earn 10 Tier Credits in Harrah's to participate in this spin.
Deciding between a big jackpot or small jackpot? According to the book you have a better chance to win small and medium pots in a small jackpot versus a big jackpot.
College Students Spring Break Tip #2: Wanna pay off your trip? Play slot machines far away from the card tables. On my last night in Vegas I played a multi-line slot machine far way from the card tables and won $700, which paid off my trip.
According to this book if after 6 consecutive spins if you don't win anything move on to the next slot machine.
If you want to avoid the long lines in the Check In/ Out area you should have gotten a Total Rewards Card. A Total Rewards membership allows you to go to the Total Rewards line where the wait isn't as long. I should know I'm a Total Rewards Gold Member.
College Students Spring Break Tip #1: Wanna pay off your trip? Scavenger hunt the hot slots. In Nov 2011 after Pacquiao-Marquez III I spied a woman on a hot Wheel a Fortune slot in which she won over $1,000. Instead of waiting for her to be finished the next morning I went to that slot and it went cold.  :-( And if you do win be careful because of the recent crime wave in Vegas that someone might scavenger hunt your slot winnings.
According to this book for a standard 3 reel spin play only one coin at a time as this stretches your budget.
According to Marten Jensen's book "Beat the Slots" if you're going to play the popular progressive slot machine Wheel of Fortune you should checked what the jackpot is with respect to the reset value. Ideally it's best to play the machines whose jackpots are twice the reset value.
Some people think it's hip to play craps with their homies. I don't.There's no incentive. It's better play craps at the casino if you're a Total Rewards Member. Because while your homies are playing craps with each other you'll be the one laughing if as a Total Rewards Member you get a discount or comp at one of the Caesars Entertainment hotels.
One coin or max bet? That depends in the machine you're playing. For a standard 3 reel non progressive machine bet one coin. But for a progressive machine bet the max.
If you're gambling before you use any of your own money use the "house money" if provided.
If you get the $10 coupon to play the slot machine you have to use the whole $10 on that one machine only. Just make sure if you start winning from this coupon cash out the winnings every time.
There are people who like to play craps with their homies. Why play craps with them? If you're a Total Rewards Member play at one of their casinos. If you lose money at the casinos they'll comp. If you lose money to your homies, what are they going to comp you?
Just tables no slots.  :-(
According to this book if you're playing the slot machine that's an Option Pay bet the max so you don't shortchange yourself.
Must see the fountains. Awesome!!
The gardens here are beautiful.
Try the skyloft a for elite service.
Ask you checkin agent for coupons and save a few bucks.
If you can afford it, this is -the- best place to stay in Vegas bar none.
Really beautiful property and lots of stuff to do.
Stay away from the tables $100 minimum tonight.
Get the Prestige package to feel like a VIP.
Free breakfast every day for prestige level guests.
When you sign up for prestige level service (an extra $50 a day) you get access to the Prestige lounge where the serve free drinks from 5pm-9pm daily. You also get free breakfast, sodas, and snacks during the day.
Free drinks served from 5pm - 9pm.
Rude and incompetent staff but the property is beautiful. Save money and get a better experience by staying across the street at the Vdara.
Got to see old Vegas
What'cha kno about Penthouse 2 on the 51st floor?!
Awesome place to check out and get some great food. A little on the pricy side but well worth it!
This place gets packed for sporting event's. So make sure you get here early
I didn't think 20 min to downtown would be so bad but it felt far. There doesn't seem to be much around either.
Perfect for a great view of the strip
Luxury accommodations and an amazing view of Treasure Island
It's a great show !
Pretty good breakfast.
Hmmm rooms in the West tower are nicer than what i remember in the East tower pay for early check in you get a nicer room view
Great place but vdara has better rooms
Remember to Bring your crown!
Ask for an upgrade, even if you pay a few extra dollars, the suites are worth the money.
Great hotel! Free shuttle to strip every half hour and to the airport every top of the hour. Complimentary happy hour and breakfast!
Early flight? Check in anytime after 9am and before 3pm is an extra $20 fee added onto your total bill!
Prime location if you don't want to stay at the more expensive hotels!
Hands down, the nicest hotel room I've ever stayed in!
Dropping some cash here to support the local economy.
Make sure you don't get the rooms in one of those motel looking manor. It's not connected to the main hotel and dangerous to walk to late at night.
Just hanging out in the pool area
Octallio club level- free food and drinks!
Site visit!
There's some probs, will Yelp about it later
Room isn't bad at all...so far. Yelpers haven't been kind to this place. We'll see how it goes after 3 more days
Epicurean Affair YUMM!
Wow, fancy! I've never seen so many handsome men in one place!
Definitely need to come back to the Orleans next time I am in the area. didn't get to really heard back last year when I was in the area
This is the famous spot with the Gondola rides. One of the better hotels to at least give the walkthrough when in Las Vegas.
The Mirage is definitely one of those casinos that is an oldie but goodie. The Volcano is what they are known for.
I still think this is one of the best looking hotels. Most of the Boxing or MMA fights seem to take place here.
Sister property of the Wynn. Wonderful property, nice areas on the outside for photos.
To me, one of the best hotels to stay in Vegas. Would definitely stay here or Mandalay Bay next time.
Honestly preferred the Bally's in Atlantic City, something I just did not like about this place.
The wraparound Terrace Suite is amaaaaazing!
Now that medical marijuana is legal in Nevada, I occasionally smell skunk wafted in from the terrace. I know there's no skunk on the 46th floor. ;) Too each his own. Lol!
So glad this new Centurion opened in TermD. Always fly AA out of this terminal. Very convenient!
Checked in and will Review
Booked Via Bookings.com will review at the end of my 3 nights.
Very confusing building to navigate.
Use your gold card!
Italy!
I love this hotel!
Everything is reasonably priced here.
This is the best hotel for younger adults.
I don't come here unless I'm dressed. And I'm here all the time. My favorite hang out spot when I want to feel fancy.
Very classy place. In addition to the great high end restaurant collection, the Conservatory is a Vegas must-see attraction - they change out the garden production every season and is totally worth checking out for great photos. "O", the resident Cirque show there, is also amazing and a must watch with it's water features.
Sugar Factory is really the only reason I go here these days. Great spot to bring out-of-town visitors.
The Grand Canal Shoppes are one of the most scenic places to take "Vegas" photos at.
The hotel pool has the best lazy river on the Strip! Comparable to a water park!
This hotel needs to be renovated.
Nice off-the-Strip location.
Great and intimate concert venue. Just saw Stephen Marley.
My favorite hotel! At Bond Bar and it's such a trendy spot on the weekends!
Hip, trendy, contemporary.
Gorgeous rooftop pool.
Amazing concert venue!
A really great oasis getaway far from the Strip and all the stereotypical tourist traps of Vegas. Situated right on Lake Las Vegas, this resort has an amazing pool layout, golf course and it's own small private beach! Perfect for families with lots of things to keep the kids entertained outdoors on the Lake.
Great beer pong spot.
New club is great
Ask for an upgrade at the front desk
Classy, and always hopping.
Smoking allowed in casino. :(
Vegas!!!
Vegas for the weekend!!!
For a limited time they, Excalibur , and Luxor give you free wifi.
Wifi is best in lobby, 5th floor carpets very dirty. Everywhere else is spotty and very sluggish and typically less than 3 Mbps. Pool is tiny.
They're too cheap to serve complimentary tap water at the 5th floor pool. But they sometimes serve water in the lobby.
Don't use the ice machine in the fridge. Go to the 7-11 in your Kevlar jacket and buy some ice and cheaper staples. Avoid the gas station.
Staff manipulate the truth. Guest says "we don't want view of power lines" Employee says "you'll get view of mountains." HOWEVER the mountain view Is the view if power lines. Front desk staff need to be bitch slapped.
Hotel is the wild west where you have ever to take matters into your hands  it's very noisy with people (kids) partying until late hours of the morning.  There's no security. Complaining does nothing but make you as a target instead. Lots of sirens heard from first responders too from the street.
Hot water turns into luke warm around 4 pm during weekends maybe even during the test of the week.
banging heard from compressor at 6 am in weekends from air conditioning unit  Scroll down on desktop to see all negative reviews not counted in the rating system. Yelp does censor reviews.
Scroll down on desktop to see all negative reviews not counted in the rating system. Yelp does censor reviews.
2 device per room wifi. They charge you and deduct it from your room at check out. Ridiculous system. No coffee maker in the room. $20 trick doesn't work here.
Scroll down on desktop to see all negative reviews not counted in the rating system. Yelp does censor reviews.
Made it to the pool!
24 hr Drinking binge
Sinning in sin city
Traders cove aka pit
It's always cool to visit the mgm.
Such an awesome casino
A place worth checking out, great price cool staff
If you're looking for a downtown casino with a distinctly local feel, this is the spot I'd recommend. The history of this place is an added bonus!
Their convention continental breakfast Almond Triangle Bear Claws are the best I've ever had! Hope more Tmw.
Check out the shops behind the casino !
Don't miss your chance to get a taste of Chicago in Sin City at the Vinyl located in the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino. The Tossers, a South-side Chicago, Irish punk rock band is performing live in concert tonight, October 14, 2014, at 8 PM with opening act, Continental from Baahston, MA at the Vinyl in the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas, NV! It's a sure bet to be a rockin' good time!
Use the check-in kiosk to avoid the long check-in lines.
One of my favorite Vegas hotels but the wifi here is between slow and non-existent so don't rely on it at all.
Check out the vintage 1970s "Derby" game in the casino near the buffet where you bet on the results of these automated horses that run around a little track. It's cheap and lots of fun as people cheer "their" horses on.
Grab the tram from the lower level C gates. Then you can take another tram to terminal D without going through security.
Food court!
Not as expected
Love this place
Always nice to be back
My all time favorite spot
My al time favorite spot
Love this place
The spa is amazing
It's the utter best

 w
Love my room. =0)
Unhappy people working here.  :( Super expensive for what you get!! Towels smell disgusting! 3 tables of room-service dishes left in hallway over 24 hours!
No bathrooms near lazy river. Think of all the Urine in there
Bachelorette bash!
Such a smokey hotel. Even non-smoking floors reek! Towels were disgusting from being on maid cart in smokey hallway. If you don't like smoke smell stay on the strip.
Rooms are a bit run down, need paint & new wall paper. Elevators filthy and smell of vomit!!!
 
Very nice place to stop in if going to Terminal 3.
Great lounge seating area.
The manager does a special happy hour on occasion for business travelers.
Free entry to the observation deck if you have a room here, just show your room key.
The best shops on site with very reasonable prices!!!
Chocolate bar in the casino is a must!!
This place is a character.... Gotta love the Orleans.
Very reasonable in price. A lot of kids stuff. And they have the nice arena
Play Bingo!!!!!
The parking here is one of the worst on the strip. Just a heads up.
Dont get lost..... Its built like a maze
Dont expect much just cause it has a new name... Still the Sahara if you ask me
Amazing fLoraL dispLay!!!! Don't miss it!!!
Wynn has the most AMAZING fLoraL dispLay!! Don't Miss it!!!
ConvenientLy Check Out through your TV. Awesome!!
Spacious rooms!
Picking up Chippendales tix for tomo
Masquerade
This is my second fave casino in Vegas. Just had the buffet, YUM.
Exceptional service! Let me check in early. Definitely a return-to destination!
It's Africa hot in hurr
Four more hours!
Almost home!
I love this hotel!
Wicked spoon w/the cuzzos and peeps. Dang fullness!
Biscayne Steak*Seafood *Wine
No outside open container drinks allowed by the pool area. Except anything in Starbucks containers ;)
First pit stop on the pub crawl
Hanging out with Brandon Adam and Nicolle this is a great way to cap off the night
Carbombs galore
There is a $20 a night "resort fee" on top of the hotel rate. Watch OUT!
1 BR suite on 57th Fl. w/view of Bellagio fountains, the strip, downtown, and a huge Japanese style bath. My favorite Vegas Hotel now.
Yeah boy!
Morning Vegas :)
Hello Vegas :)
What's good Vegas :)
Mayweather vs. Ortiz tonight
We are back!!!!! Baby!
All day
Lil Wayne Fight After Party @ Club Nikki
Phantom show
Executive suite baby
Who gets into Vegas at 5 ?  Me and my crew ;)
Staying another night - love the redecorating or renovations - whatever they did - rooms look modern and posh.
Favorite hotel in Vegas
Checking in
Killing time before brunch
Working out at the fitness center
Club bday
Attending NARPM Pacific/SW Regional Conference...
Seeing The Beatles LOVE show tonight with Karen...
Checking into our home for the next few days.
Bachelor party
Look up at the lobby ceiling
Zumanity!!
Nice and red
Lunch buffet!!?
Pool party time!!! Woohoo!!! Cosmo is so freaken nice!!!
Last day of fun day!!
Take it easy... Only parking for now...
Chillin' with the familia
At the front desk buying Crown Royal...!
I like this hotel
Outback, Burger King. And a few local restaurants across the parking lot .
Fabulous rooms... Bring a cord for iPod hookups
Let the escapades begin
This place has no signage I would hare to be in here during a fire not sure you could find a way out!!!
This is where I stay in Vegas
Very nice room. Full kitchen.
Beautiful place!
Sunday breakfast buffet. Yum Yum.
Neato
Via la Marriott hotel yeah yeah.
Weekend getaway! Trust me when I say it is well deserve.
Great room, I love this hotel. I hope I win tonight!
Waitress tried to get me drunk with Grey Goose, but I'm not mad at her . . . after all I do know how to say 'no.'       I'll be here again tomorrow!
Very nice rooms! Really love the bathroom, too bad I'll be spending much of my time downstairs in the casino.
Playing games . . . wish me luck.
Grey Goose on the rocks
king
Cab line was fast tonight!
Now this is what I call a spontaneous roadtrip! Happy Presidents Day weekend, y'all!
Pai Gow!!!
Panoramic suite, 52nd floor...life is damn good.
They made a great drink at The Chandelier.
Let's get this started. Shuffle up and deal ;)
Trying to get the balls to sit and play with Jen Harman. She seems like so much fun!
According to the Russian guys here, red lips are a distraction. Whatever works ;)
Conveniently located on the strip across from Caesars and mirage and next door to Venetian and palazzo. Great for people on a budget.
This is the most filthy hotel I've ever stayed at, never ever coming back. Used to be imperial palace and is now The Quad.
Pool closes at 6pm, late check out is at 12pm. Has free overnight guest parking. Offers free fridge if you have medications to refrigerate.
Our room looks great :)
There's never a downtime here..it's the City that Never Sleeps
Pretty awesome restaurants and events, Cirque du Soleil's Ka
It's cherry blossom time!
100% Smoke free suites and no casino. Just luxury, class and relaxation at its best.
We love that all rooms are smoke free suites
Sky suite or nothing  (Panoramic pic)
Don't come here !
Be prepared for an environment where staff is more important then the guests who pay there bill. Rude service
Wifi is available everywhere. Under AT&T wifi
One of the smokiest casinos on the strip.
Very roomy rooms!!  Super friendly front desk staff.
Don't be as goofy and confused as me! After checking in I sent my hubby driving to the next door hotel. We ended up using our keys at the Hamptons instead of Homewood! Lol Even after seeing a different lobby & getting lost we asked the maid and she said oh no you're at the wrong place! Lol Never a dull moment with me. Right??? Roflmfao!
We had a moth flying in our room luckily it was on the living room side!!! It wasn't small neither! Lol
Conveniently located by shops, restaurants and theaters!!! Go for it!!!
Almost forgot one important tip, there is NO in-room safe. They do have a swimming pool so I kind of expected one but nada!!!
They have a bathroom scale, safe, toothbrushes, razors, lotion, soap, shampoo and conditioner & hairspray!!! Yay!!!
Minus one star for an extra charge that we bickered about. I give up!!! I still would come back to stay here. Just don't touch that fridge full of everything bc it's like electronically super sensitive!!! Dang.
Use the M life check in counter
Not crazy about this hotel
Southwest is in C gates and AMEX lounge in D gates but luckily tram is close by to whisk you over there
The rooms are very specious.  Friendly service and very clean.
Non-smoking resort.  All rooms are smoke-free.
Delicious drinks!
Certainly not the cleanest hotel I've been to.
room is a little ghetto, found the door to the tube tv. cabinet was on the ground, had to call front desk so we didn't get charged for it
Cheap, fun gambling and great food!
It smells strangely nice in here. It masks the usual smokey smell in he casinos.
Go to the Aloha Specialties located on 2nd floor for the best Hawaiian food
Another comped suite.
Impressed by customer service provided by front desk, bell services and valet!  :). Super nice, friendly and helpful.
Gym is open 24 hours a day!  :)
Gym is open 24 hours a day and they have cardio equipment and weights.
Outdoor gas BBQ grills are available by the pool area for those who wish to BBQ.
Our room smelled like BO when we first walked in.  Turning on the AC helps get rid of the smell.
Walking off dinner.
So nice to be breathing Venetian air again.  :)
Last call for gambling before heading home.
They play great 80's music in the casino.
Really hard to get a drink by the cocktail waitresses here!
Gym is open 24 hours a day.  They have cardio machines and free weights.
I am really impressed with the customer service provided by the valet, front desk, bell services and housekeeping.  Everyone is so friendly and helpful.
Tower 2 has been completely renovated and is super  nice!
Fully equipped kitchens: plates, cookware, utensils, glassware, microwave, stove, fridge, oven, dishwasher, toaster , blender, washer/dryer.
Owner's update meeting!  Ughh!
Go for their premium corner one bedroom suite w strip view. Really nice!  Love looking out at the view from the jacuzzi tub!
Need to get ready for dinner!
Our suite has the best skinny mirror ever!!!!  Lol :)
Jacuzzi time!
Valet here is a bit slow.
Perfumed air, nice touch!
I like how there are double doors that separate your suite door away from the main hallway to ensure your  peace and privacy.
Splurge and go for the one bedroom suite with the strip view.  :)
No bedbugs in our suite.  :)
Finally!  A flat screen TV in the bedroom!
We are home now!!!!
In suite dining is fast, friendly and effiecient.
Prestige at the Palazzo is worth the upgrade!
Sitting poolside.  Then going for free cocktails @ The Prestige on the 23rd floor  :)
The north tower was once part of the Original MGM hotel that caught fire back in the 80's.  Dozens of people were killed due to smoke inhalation. My hubby and use to stay here often, but always had a really creepy feel to it, so we stay else where .
Posted up.  Ready for Manning to put the hurt on!
Portugese sausage at the breakfast buffet. Awesome!
Stop 7th lol. ..
Goodnight. And it all starts again tomorrow!! Yeeee!!!
nice rooms
cool
The suite life!!!
Eating at Aloha Specialties
we have arrived .
thunder down under!
Cirque du Soleil - Mystere show!
Nice location, just right next to the crazy Fremont st. Also, allows DOGS!?
Doing the ACM Experience.  Cowboy for the weekend.
Good ol Cal. Love coming here.
This place is amazing. Customer service is exactly what it should be.
Last Night Insomnia Bar Hopping
Here for LVI...
Love playing at this casino!   The smoke isn't that bad too!
Bring your jacket because it can get cold while you're playing!
Our humble abode for the week
..... first time staying here,..... the newly remodeled rooms in the Premier Tower are really nice
1 more day ....room is nice
Star Trek bar is cool
.... Checkin in,.... While we're checking in!
.... 4 days later,.... Ready for home lol
.... Pretty hip
Seafood Fridays. Poundage!!!
There's no Wifi
There is no casino in the hotel. Quiet and clean!  Wonderful.
Free upgrade to the west tower rooms, which are nicer and bigger but FAR TO WALK!  Still, nice place. Really decent sandwich at the 24 hour deli.  Large tub and shower.  Housekeeping never came to clean our room though, even though I called and asked them to after lunch.
Really nice.  Didn't miss casino or being able to smoke.   Needs flat screen TVs though.
Was upgraded for free to a spa suite in north tower. Lovely room. Can't beat the location of the hotel.  Very satisfied.
Good food. Loud music. Nice room. Old and new slots.
feels good to be back!
August 23rd, Umami Burger & The Griddle Cafe opens in Las Vegas!
For those with late incoming flights: the latest they allow check-in with a reservation is 2am, so be sure to either be there or book a day later.
I love Alesso
Birthday wish: Alesso
Won't offer late checkout says there is a convention.
Check your room for any gross surprises and check your bill before you checkout.
If you like old school casinos and fun dealers.  This is the place.
Scenes from the movie "Pay It Forward" and the MTV show "The Buried Life" were filmed here.
This is where people from Hawaii stay at. Real relaxing and fun.
The Honey Chicken is a must try. Duck is also good.
The backlot river doesn't open until 10 AM which isn't cool because the pool opens at 8 AM. Kind of a sneaky way to make you stay another night.
Upgraded cardio center and the last 3 times we got our resort fees comped!
Best standard rooms on the strip
Fun $5 pai how tables with friendly dealers.
Oldest casino in Vegas. Join their slot club and get $1 shrimp cocktail.
The bar all the way in the back has quarter video poker and great bartenders.
Only place on Fremont St with a pool.
Don't stop
Don't end your visit outside at the fountains -- check out the beautiful lobby and conservatory too.
Don't expect to earn anything in their slot club in just one stay, unless you really win big.
Not crowded
I live their bingo not crowded
Bingo is busy tonight
Music can be loud on 1st floor.  Also I get bummed for money everyone I play here it seems
Sign up for their players card. 10 credit in slot play!
Friendly customer service. Great rooms for the price. Love the remodel.
Free Photo with a million bucks!
Cigar time!
Wow. Not good, wow. But, wow. Oh well. Yeah adventures!
Roulette = $90
Oh my God, it's the one with the shark! :0)
SabotenCon
It's nothing fancy and they are in the slow process of overhauling the entire place, but I must admit that our 1970's room had a mattress to die for. If there had been anyway to put it in my purse, it would have come home with me.
Doing great !
Decent hotel but be warned they have construction going on right now
very nice !!
Love it ! Very nice mall too close to everything
Rooftop with Moksha.
Single deck black jack.
If you're looking to meet dudes dressed like dbags, this is your spot.
Bathroom smells like watermelons
Got really good parking :)
$2 crap machine, $1 blackjack machine, 25cents multi-play blackjack
Single Zero Roulette!!! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Free spin everyday
Las VegaStrEATs and I needs to chase the blues away.
Free parking just take your ticket to the cashier in the casino and get your $3 back
Cocktails
Old Vegas.
What what!!
Waiting for dinner...then Peep Show!  Can't wait!
Bathroom break and a little money losing...
Checking Kev in...
Gettin' our fun on...
W/Kris Duds..
Great place to play. Hit a full house on the let it ride table! Dealers were very friendly and cocktail service is great.
Find Dave. Sit at his bar. Have a great time.
I have been a fan of this Casino since they had the horse shoe in glass with money. But the rude customer service I got from mostly everyone in the casino I think they have temp employee working becouse the lack of casino worker no perfessional not happy I will never go there or tell my friends or family Binion need to up grade start with employee !!! Start at the reward club !!
Typical un-renoed old school Vegas casino. Good gambling deals.
The garage elevator is slow and scary. Take the stairs but hold your breath!
Parking validation when eating or gambling.
Worth stopping by for a NY Seltzer.
Decent place,old school casino that has the slowest elevator i have ever seen
The bartenders gave us great service, and generous pours!
Unprofessional staff, worn down casino and no hotel rooms
Old school Vegas baby!
Checking out the sharks, drinking pbr in a brownbag....#howwedo
SMASH with SMOG
EDC!
RUN!!!! Run as far from this place as you can.
Amazing water show.
Not being a (total) snob, but so much classier than Caesars.
Sign up to reward card. They offer discounts on your stay  and if you reserve on line you can set up options to Check in or out via text messages. Also I racked enough points to get extra discounts on my nights stay.
Great bar located inside the renovated Imperial Palace, which is now named The Quad.  Great live band and the atmosphere is awesome.
King Crab Legs
Slots have been good here for me in the past.......
Hello Vegas...remember me? It's been awhile :-)  Are you going to play nice this time???
Get the $1.99 shrimp cocktail at the cafeteria line in the back/right and ask for the cocktail sauce on the side.  You can thank me later.
You MUST try the live lobster skill crane ($2).  It's past the cages across from Tinocos Kitchen.  Aim for the torso.  I posted a pic.
No more .99 shrimp cocktail.  Apparently the best tail in town is $1.99... Tough times.
Back at the scene of the crime... Happy Anniversary, honey!  Nothing says "I'll love you forever" like pink flamingoes!
Cranky old lady calling Bingo numbers is awful... But the non-smoking room is great!
Omg love this shrimp cocktail!! So cheap and delicious!
Mmmm shrimp cocktail;)
Reunited and it feels so good!
Shrimp cocktail!
Funnest casino in downtown Las Vegas after 6 pm
Pay for the cheapest room you can book. Slip the desk clerk a $20 when you check in and ask for an upgrade. Hopefully you'll get a Fab or a Go Room.
You know it's very nice in here. Recently remodeled.
First time here. Wow, really nice!
Time to relax!
Need to workout before boozing out!
Park elsewhere damn valets are thieves
Rude front desk people 2 of the females, rude, unfriendly and need professionalism
Checked into the hotel and requested the quietest room they had available. The walls are vibrating due to how loud the music is.
Great rooms and great prices
Gotta get that $1.99 shrimp cocktail!
Best towers are Augustus, Octavious and Palace... Don't stay in Roman or Forum... Book em maybe but upgrade at check in - they are tired and need renovated badly.... Nobu is nice but $$$ ... Best views are from Augustus.
1920s San Francisco theme! Fun!
Bad idea to book a room here.  Been nothing but a nightmare.  Shower temp fluctuates between scalding and cold, no a/c, broken elevator, broken bed. :/
Fremont Street is not for kids
Get a Total Rewards Card ...... Check in line is much shorter with it.
Get a player's card makes everything so much easier
Drink slushees towards the back entrance are $13 for a foot long drink. For refills its $11. Definitely try Hurricane mixed with Orange Creme!! Tasted like those cherry, pineapple, orange popsicles from when you were younger!!
Located towards the end of the strip (Northern Side). For some reason I got the "creeps" when I walked to the hotel. Definitely not as welcoming as the rest of the hotels on the strip.
The interior of this hotel is absolutely STUNNING! Especially at the shops!
The casino area is like a maze, even the employees had no idea in which direction to send me to.
Great service from Julia and Zenia at the front desk
Bring Calamine lotion if you're staying here. Bed bug infested hotel -_-
Upgrade to a suite.. well worth it.
I'll take my business elsewhere. Being a CCW holder,  coming to this place without a firearm isn't an option given where it's located. Thanks for showing your true colors to a fellow CCW holder,  too bad because my disposable income is well into the thousands.
great food.. good tables and horrible poker and slot machines.. stay off the machines!!
My one star says it all.
If you plan to go to bed between 8 pm - 2 AM , get a room NOT facing Freemont Street because it is SO LOUD!!!! Even with windows shut and blinds closed, you can hear the performances just as clear as if you were down on the street enjoying it in your hotel room. Ridiculous!!!
Would NOT stay here.
Don't let 'em send you across the street to their sister apartment, I mean, hotel.
Someone's in my room...
Nice casino, cheap tables.
Feels like renovated apartment  Your choice: hike your stuff up stairs OR be on 1st floor and hear footsteps on ceiling & loud metal stairs.
Warm pool!
Nicer than a house.  Wifi is slow but free if you ask front desk for the code.
Kailee at the bar is the best. Super sweet midwestern girl who is on it with the drinks!!
Great happy hour at the 777 brewery!
Cheep n yum
Baby strollers at 11:54
Nice renovation
Looks like blackjack minimums are all $5 for the New Years weekend. No $3 tables.
No parking after 5 PM on NYE
Great price. Close to Fremont st. Rooms were nice. Pool was fun. Will definetly come back.
My go to place for 5.95 prime Rib CLOSED
Worst food horrible service we walk in and the host sat us down while she's  chewing on food ok what ever then I ordered the thing everyone was raving about the prime rib, my partner orders a burger so the prime rib was full of nerve ewww! And my partner found the plastic wrap for bread in his burger!!! Nasty we told the server and she did not apologize she takes it back and removes it and brings it back mad at us excuse me! First off tell you're kitchen to not put objects (unsanitary)
Center bar is very comfortable and cool hangout.
Don't touch ANYTHING in the mini bar area or you'll get charged for it!!
Check in sucked. They literally gave us the very last room in the very back of the hotel. Had a view of the dumpsters.  And don't get me started on the resort fees they inch up every year. Now its $22 a night. Total rip off for shit I don't even use. Oh and the beds are the most uncomfortable on the strip you get a thin hard little pad with 2 sheets to keep you from feeling how hard the blanket is. And if you want to use that coffee maker in your room, too bad. You'll have to pay for that too!
$17 for breakfast and lunch buffet, $25 for dinner buffet. Decent food for a decent price!
If you're looking for comfort and luxury at an inexpensive price, this is the hotel for you! Located close to many popular nightclubs and home to the Beatles Love show!
Making moneys... Hopefully!
Downtown time
Getting ready for dinner
Grabbing the car and heading to Fremont St.
Nap
Back
In my bed
Coffee
Gonna play my favorite machine
Checked in our room and it's Bea-u-tiful!
Adious
Its been a while
Gambling
Out and about
Tripled my money. Thnx
:)
Back
Cruising along
And again
Timeshare presentation! With a hangover. Not good.
Love !
Picture in a huge high heel! Coolness
For old times sake
Great venue for the 2014 LegalShield convention!  Valet was quick & registration smooth!
Nom nom wonton mein and chili rice!
I am actually at desert sportsman shooting the uspsa pistol nationals but yelp won't let me check in properly
Now I'm really here
3am at the California Hotel can only mean one thing.... Oxtail soup!
Oxtail soup and 2's company mofo! I'm hungry betch!!!!
This place turned ghetto thru the years but this was the spot growing up. This will prolly be my last visit here.
Check the open bar
Pretty live up in here
Home for one more day........ Actually ready to go home!
The suites are pretty big!
Nice room!
Nice veiw of the airport
Cheap and right next to the peppermill
Sh*tty customer service. The front desk and housekeeping are useless. Lazy ass housekeeping gives you the runaround wasting your time.
Their Cal Prime Rib is deelish! They stop serving the special at 11pm
Market Street Cafe! Oxtail soup 11 pm to 9am $9.99. No "TO GO"
Good food at the best prices!
Heard the Hawaiin food here is authentic and delicious. We'll see
Was here so long forget check in
Vegas baby
Beautiful hotel.
Gonna watch pacquiao fight
Very good buffet...
Great specials after 11 PM.
Time share looks a lot like Hawaii inside. Cool river you can ride.
Game on!
i left hawaii to get away from hawaii
Gambling!
First time staying here. Not bad for $79 a night!
Oxtail soup is amazing!
Cha-ching
First stop in Vegas!
Time for ox tail soup
mimis time
i need to rest.
Table time
Lei Day Hawaiian Festival
Opening day of AccessoriesTheShow / Moda Las Vegas / MRket Las Vegas!!
59th floor has an excellent view of the Bellagio Fountain, Eiffel Tower and pretty much the entire North side of the strip. Beautiful.
The California club is the best quick lunch stop anywhere.
$3 crap tables - that's right win (or lose) small sums of money....and gamble with really, really old people - yeah, the AED actually gets ripped off the wall and zaps oldsters in V-fib here!
Cavernous restroom on casino floor where cigar smoke and cleaning scents mingle - great spot to leave a nuggat at the Nugget
Slowest check-in process I have ever seen- do these people understand there are options in Vegas?
Hawaii's 9th island!
Good luck to all!
This is where all the Hawaiians congregate
$5 Craps!
Check out the micro brews. They're grrreat!!
Before you go gamble, place coins on Buddha and rub his tummy for good luck.
Great place for locals from Hawaii.
Rude customer service over the phone.
It was ok. The beds are hard. Fairly clean. Our key deactivated and locked is out our room. That was a bomber. The towel rack was broken. Not the best area to be end.
Oxtail soup!
Boys 2 men. Flamingo showroom
OXTAIL SOUP!! A must have after a long night.
Awesome flight in great room.
Great hotel! Visiting Aunty then early dinner at Bacchanel Buffet.
Craps tables are always hot, low table limits, and if you're hungry at 4am the market street cafe has some bomb oxtail soup And Saimen
Get ready to see Hawaii people. Chee
We were a little nervous about our first stay here  but we took a chance because it was near Hogs & Heifers Bar & we wanted to visit there.  It turns out to be not a bad place at all.  The people have been cordial, and the room feels clean.  Like most rooms on the strip it needs a little TLC, but it looks like they are working on updating in stages.  New carpet & bedding, older tile in bathrooms, granite countertop, older tub, decent furniture plus a small refrigerator that was nice
Connected to main street so its convenient
Love Market Street Cafe
$3 minimum blackjack table
The Bella Suite is beautiful! book in advance and it's very reasonable
Normally we have a nice room, this trip it had sewer smells.
Get the oxtail soup
I've been coming here for 20 yrs. this casino is the best. It ain't the strip but it just feels like home.
I came here to gamble on the crap tables. In a casino you are allowed to smoke cigarettes. One of the dealers named "Gina" told me to blow my electronic cigarette vapor the other way. I felt very uncomfortable. She would constantly tell me to stop vaping by her if the vapor did get in her way, I can't control that! I was even polite enough to tell her sorry! That's just me coming from hawaii, we are polite! If you don't like smoke don't work in a casino! I'll have to think about coming back.
Clean spacious rooms.
This place is wonderful. A MUST STAY
Oxtail soup and graveyard specials
Awesome hotel
Avoid those damn penny slots.
No internet or coffee in my room! First hotel without COFFEE OR INTERNET!
No free wifi! Charge $10 PER device, 24 hrs ONLY! Is 2015, are YOU kidding MEE
Celebrating 40 years in the Ninth Island (Vegas)! \uuu/
Damn NAV  got me lost again, and I ended up in the Ninth Islan-d  LMAO!
Free parking if you are a guest or show your players card.
Valet parking only in the lot.
If you sign up for the players card and earn 50 points (gamble about $25) the same day, you get a free buffet.
Parking is free with a Pearl players card.
Nice room
The garage has two lanes going in, but parking only on the right side.
This place needs a parking structure!  It's too hot in the summer to park a mile away from the casino.
There is a parking garage located in the back of the casino.
I love the complimentary coffee in the lobby, but I was disappointed to learn that there is no newspaper on the weekend.
Free unlimited parking with Sapphire card or higher
Still under renovation
I love this hotel and casino!!!  I recommended
I love it!
Ox Tail Soup from 11pm to 9am it is the bomb priced at 9 bucks!!
I feel so at home,  country music is on.
Friendly staff.
Watch out for the guys while walking in they wanna pick you up and take you to the club.. Lol. It was unexpected to get hit on by a guy walking into the casino. He caught me off guard.. Although he was pretty darn cute..
I can hear the train.  Goodness it's 2am
All the casinos are thick in cigarette smoke!! If smoke bothers you consider wearing a mask to cover your nose & mouth. Walgreens on 4th & Las Vegas Blvd. stocks masks.
You can easily go to the strip by public bus for $2. You can catch the bus @ 4th & Las Vegas Blvd. every 15mins. The "SDX" bus is an express and you must first buy a pass ahead of time. The RTE non-express bus accepts cash & seniors ride for $1 w/a Medicare Card as ID.
The Vacations Hawaii coupon book for 3 meals/day is a real bargain, because it allows on the spot upgrading and use at other Boyd casino restaurants for just a few more $$:))
Only place we stay in vegas! Love that when we pull in the valet and bellhop know our names! Makes us feel right at home!
The best service in all of vegas!
Great place to relax, unwind & enjoy some good food & music! We love our trips up here! Thomas & his staff are awesome! Thanks for always making our experiences here great!
Good for a inexpensive downtown hotel w walking access to cool bars and Fremont St.
Love this place. John is an amazing massage therapist.
Going to frightdome!!!
5 bucks in free slot play for new club members!
Cheap hotel rates!
Harrahs is the place I park when in Vegas...free and totally central.
Awesome BBQ for 10 bucks!  Awesome little casino next door...
Long hallways and close to the casino next door.
Awesome water show...but you probably already knew that.   :0)
Funky blue sky!
Take a ride on the water...  :0)
Bring a map if you plan on parking here!
Bring a map this place is confusing!
You have to walk through the shops to get to the parking garage.
Great big parking lot to park a moving truck in overnight while passing through Vegas.
A cheap choice on the strip...
Burger King on site!
Buffet and awesome people watching.
Pure old school.
Pool time.
About to get my seafood buffet on for $15.00 pp
Here. Now where is that waitress at with my drink
You know how I roll
You know!
Half off this weekend.  With players card!!!!
I'm here where are you ?
Stiff drinks I love the freemont st
Good luck finding a waitress to bring you a drink.
Seafood buffet on Tuesday n Friday.
Je joue poker.
Stay here cause it's cheap
Nice visit :)
Buffet time
Cheap and nice place to stay even tho off the strip
Gamble gamble (:
3 dollar cuervo silver shots!
Hell
Hello, downtown Las Vegas.
Pretty decor!
Yay! We're here!
Best casino for Craps.
They have a shuttle service that drops you off at Bally's on the strip. Every 30 minute until 12:30 AM!
Watching the Sirens of TI.
Luv Tub Suite for me!
They are currently remodeling.
Here for the shops!
Hot!
Gorgeous hotel.
Here for the LV Basketball Invitational... FYI- No self-parking at hotel; valet only!
Chillin poolside at the Bamboo Pool
Great bar..Boz and Manny!!
Cheap place to stay!
2 dollar beers !!!!!
Say whattttt?! $3 tables?!?! So there lol
It's going to be a great week.. Hittin the pool maana!
This pool is amazing!!!
The shower truly is heavenly.
Love it here!
Yay it's my bday!! Free upgrade to strip view and the suite is siccccckkkkkkkkkkkk!
Yay bday week here!!
We had such a great stay here... Come during the week so you don't have to see a ton of jersey shore boneheads everywhere. The beach was awesome:)
Cheap! They get fours stars from me
A decent breakfast buffet at a very inexpensive price.
It does the job the staff is friendly enough for what u pay
Not a tip for staying at the hotel... but if you go back to the bar by the sportsbook area, they havereally cool bartenders and really cheap drinks!
Bicycle rentals require a $100 deposit for each bike and the cost is $35 per bike to rent. You DO have to be a guest to use the bikes. :(
All seating at the pool is first come, first served. Towels are along the back wall. :)
Ear plugs were included in our room this stay... so they are available - be sure to ask for some if you stay on the weekend and need absolute quite to sleep.
Almost got kicked out by Craig for not understanding how one of the games worked =/ how are you going to threaten to call security on somebody after they start winning?   #abuseofpower
Rude bartender. Thank heavens the beer was only $2. Not coming back.
I receive bad service from the bartender called drago i do not recommend it.
Check your room for bed bugs!
Don't play here! Their machines are designed to steal your money!!!!! Management won't help resolve any issues!!!
Horrible bed bug infested Casino with machines that steal your money!!!!!!
They have bed bugs... Itchy Itchy Scratch Scratch LMAO!!!
Piss poor ass management who allows staff to steal from casino patrons. Petty as thefts add up to big losses! I'm sure this scum of the earth place has had its share of thefts and bed bugs!!!!
Valet is PACKED Sunday at 11am.
Self parking starts at $2 for half hour up to $16 a day
$12.95/day resort fee for plug-in Internet, gym, calls, newspaper and county tax. All rooms are dim as heck
Ethernet cord for Internet (no wi-fi). No mini-fridge. LAX is free with room key
15 miles from the Strip! Japanese place, Irish pub, Starbucks, buffet, and cafe bar round out the eats here
$15/day for wi-fi. Valet parking is complimentary
The first floor ice machine is behind the elevator.
Ahh this place is gorgeous!
Phantom of the opera. The best phantom ever.
Free valet friendly staff. Nice rooms.
Sunday thru Thursday are the best days to stay in Vegas.
Very cool, high tech rooms!
Huge suites, amazing amenities the beach and pool area are clean, fun and a must do when at Mandalay.
Amazing suite!!!!
The penthouse is Amazing!!!! Wow I love this place
Great place amazing looking hotel and fun bars visually beautiful!!! Loved the decor props to there designers
Beautiful hotel and pool at the mandarin hotel in LV. Gorgeous day and getting an awesome tan.
Another gorgeous at the mandarin hotel in LV.  108 today. Super hot!!!!!!
My fav place to stay in Vegas. Best poker room, comps, great pool, all around a great time. Why stay on the strip when downtown has it all for 1/2 the price? #loveit #Vegas #GN
Vegas baby...nice size poker room, the only kind of gambling I do in Vegas.
Drinks and fun convo with friends.
Steel Panther time for #smdaylv!
Company party with the Blues Brothers glasses and for everyone
Food was OK, but the service almost ran us off before we ate.
The bartenders are awesome!  I like the pizza too!
Bring your own soap and shampoo.
So many surfaces suitable for doing cocaine on, yet so little cocaine. : /
Waiting for friends
Had fun!
Gotta love this place to hang out and drink
A casino that needs to id you at every table you sit at! Or even standing!
Hotel room bathrooms have no locks! Wth!!!
Home for the next 2 days!
Nicer than the fitz
Not the best but will do.
Yawn!
It's a good hangout spot when you can't sleep
Wi fi is NOT free it's $8.99 for 24 hrs
I swear this place is run by people that just got out of prison.
Saw a sign out front - you can get $10 in free slot play when you present a player's card from any downtown casino
Only one person working at the players club desk right now (6 pm)
Just played at the bar for 20 minutes and the bartender didn't come by or acknowledge us once. 2nd day of crappy bartenders here
Decent toilet paper in bathrooms! But meh payouts in keno hah
North Tower a bit run down. Clogged sink, mold growth on the ceiling, non smoking room smells of smoke, bed shows obvious signs of wear. Needs updates ASAP.  Will not stay here again till repairs are made.
No free internet & the service is horrible!
Gorgeous hotel with a fab gym however the coffee pot was not available choice??
Stay away!!!! Room was nasty, toilet wouldn't flush, stank, tub was rusted, we could barely get in any tv channels and it kept going out, no choice of smoking or non-smoking and absolutely disgusting and they wouldn't let us leave the parking garage with the parking pass bc nobody told us you must have your receipt which we threw away. Complete waste of time and $$. Go somewhere else.
A little run down but not terrible
If you're a party pooper that needs every little thing to be perfect then you're probably giving this hotel a bad review. That's fine, go stay on the strip for 10x the cost. If you like the freedom and liberty to have a good time like we use to then Fremont Street and the Four Queens are where you want to be. Our room has ALWAYS been satisfactory and our experience has ALWAYS been to our liking. You'll find that if you want the ultimate value for your money the Four Queens is where to get it.
I only came here for two reasons: ice cream and parking validation.
Buffet!
You dont want to get roped into staying here!Run fast, run far! At the very least, run right next door to the Golden Nugget! Seriously, there is no reason for anyone to stay here! We WON'T be back...
Had a great time playing black jack here. They even let us change a $10 table to $5!
Avis Rent-A-Car located in this hotel...
Park here when visiting Fremont! Valet is complimentary with validation (just go inside the casino, play a quick game and get your ticket validated). Other hotels close their valet to non-guests on weekends, but not Four Queens. Worked out great for us.
If you park here, make sure you get your ticket validated so it's free. Magnolia's will validate :)
The restaurant inside  magnolias   has delicious steak and eggs
Nick at the Palace bar is a pro. Very servile!
Nice view and bed but mediocre hotel
well, it ain't a four star...but it will do
Shark pool!
fat tourists
Warm pool, but too much gold panelling
Wow... Amazingly clean, chic, and vintage. Worth a visit.
Great value for downtown LV!
Dashing for diamonds
Try the Tower for larger, more old-fashioned rooms, or the El Cabana Suites for smaller, more modern rooms!
$2 Video Blackjack (most others in DT have $3 min)
Cheap place to gamble!!
Pretty decent prime rib. There's the $7.99 special or for $11.99 get the full ride, 12oz, side, potato, salad or soup. Porterhouse got mixed reviews, French toast was excellent.
This place is old school Vegas. Classic!
Horrible!
Have the acai Capirnhia
If you haven't stayed here before ask to stay I'm the tower
Even with single deck blackjack, I still managed to lose $50
Bathroom was a bit run down but it's an ok place to stay overnight after a late flight. Conveniently located next to restaurants and stores.
New pet peeve: on the king size bed, the bedsheet does not reach all the way to the bottom of the bed.
Pretty ghetto but ufc 167 showing and party here tonight
Be prepared to be greeted by the rudest parking attendant of all history, terribly slow service, no bell hops or helpful instructions on where or how to go as a hotel guest and the smelliest, smokiest, most depressing lobby & casino I've seen in the US since before Time Square was cleaned up. Room is clean and nice but now bass is booming through the floor of the room at 1:30am. I usually like a place that is old school and has character but I need a shower just walking through hotel! Yuck!
The valet and front desk were very friendly. Room is huge - I paid $18 and was super nervous. Everything in the room is clean, there is even a brand new flat screen television. Shocked at the price/value.
Love that if I book online, I receive a "fun book" at checkin. It contains a ton of free coupons. Nothin better than getting something for nothing.
Live bands almost every night and they are actually good. Do not expect Irish gigs, though, more like current alternative.
If you can wrap your head around the fact that you will only be sleeping in the hotel room, then you will be fine.
Just added a new beverage program. One girl logs your order on an iPad, and another girl delivers it. Makes service time much faster!
We used to stay here all the time until last night I walked into my room and found security going through my stuff and $250 was stolen from me thAt they obviously took
Don't stay here, seriously don't. Pay that extra money and stay somewhere on the strip or the golden nugget.. Not a picky person but this place did not make me feel as if I were in vegas, more like TJ. Dirty hotel and rooms.
Hotel is great, ambiance is perfect. Rooms are nice!
$15 early fee if you decide to check in before 3pm. Everything else is great, love staying at this hotel.
Rooms are real nice, long large windows, separate shower and tub. Room and living is divided by the TV. Also has its own little kitchen and dining table. By far the best hotel I have stayed in Las Vegas. #1 Vdara #2 Aria #3 Mandalay Bay TheHotel
Real nice hotel, comparable to the Aria resort.. Would come back..
They didn't notify guests that memorial day weekend they would distribute wristbands for hotel room access (aka no guests other than those specified in reservations). No one can come up to say hello, no one can go up for a drink or a shower without a proper wrist band. Shady changes here!
$40 a night for the security deposit. They need to charge a flat rate!!
Watch your belongings here. A lot of thief's and homeless roam the casino floor looking for freebies!! Security does nothing
Went to the restroom and encountered someone shaving, a homeless guy throwing up in the urinal and last but not least someone asked me for change on the way out
My type of spot...way better than when it was the lady luck
Pretty chill spot for the locals :)
The cocktail service was bad.. but what really stinks is the security.
Don't come here.
Don't come here unless you want "customer service" being rude to you, sneezing on their hands and touching your things and a very sore back from the hard beds. Terrible hotel
There is no pool. No room service.  Wifi is free but it sucks.
Great hotel if you like farts, smoke and aids
Love this place.   I win everyone I come thru the doors.
Best place ever
Tons of video poker if thats your game. Great for people watching!
Amazing for $75 for 2 nights!!!
Buffet! Nom, nom, nom..
Eww..I just paid $100 for a trim and curls at the salon. Lame.
Checking in..
Old Vegas with old prices!  Cheap cheap cheap!!!
$2 beers
It's okay
Rush tower
This hotel is so nice. I can't believe it's downtown.
Great rooms in the Rush Tower
Dope pool here! I would have never known!
Check your bill before checking out - they tried to charge me for an additional day when i was checking out. Mad drama.
Driving the new #ScionFRS on the race track and staying here was the BEST usage of my time this week!
Free wifi in the lobby only. Wired CAT5 internet in the rooms, so I could update my website, MotorMavens.com!
The Cosmo is always a good time! Especially on a weekday!
Ck in near the chart house in the back. No lines!
Rush tower rocks!
Wait for spring deals for this hotel.
Rush tower is awesome.
There is a shortcut from self parking to guest elevators but the signs don't say anything.
Love the pool most of the staff has been horrific though.
The pool doesn't have room to accomodate the hotel guests and there are too many kids!  Want a chair?  Get there by 10 am on Saturdays.
Pretty nice rooms, a dope pool with a slide that goes through a shark tank. Cheap room prices and right on fremont st.
The shark tank was amazing didn't have to pay extra for anything.
I loove the pool!
The lines for check-in can be dreadful.
The room service was great, the room decor exceeded my expectations. I like how its on the center of The Strip.
Rush tower is awesome!!
Well worth the lounge rental fee. Try to get one on the northside for afternoon shade.
Great poker tourneys in June
Staycation woohoo with my bestie brigitte
At the pool, bitches. Day bed and all!
Roller Derby!!!
Vegas=]
Bye bye Vegas!
Home sweet home!
Home sweet home!
Show time!
Here with Doug.  Looking for a hot table and a few good runs.  That's all we need!
The pool is PACKED today.
Here to celebrate all things Aya!
Downtown to Uptown. Checking in!
Celebrating all things Jill!!
Vegas baby!
Always a good time!
Great pool and cheap drinks. Their version of customer serve leaves A LOT to be desired.
Beautiful fish tank and pool area. Rooms were very nice. Not many issues with the hotel itself.
You give away a reservation after five minutes? And we're hotel guests? That's ridiculous!!!
Horrendous service! Employees couldn't care less about their guests. The gave away our table after FIVE minutes, no apologies.
Across from Binions on Fremont
No wifi...but has free Internet (wired)
They really love Carrot Top here...yeah, I'm confused too......
Not even the 3 Starbucks in here has WiFi. DEATH.
Holdem
Russell peters!! "Be a man!!"
Resting before adele @ chelsea then diplo. @ marquee
Bang!
Finally...
Drunk girls all over hahaha
Time to freshen up ... Wearing shades indoors is sketchy...
Going like the energizer bunny on roids
out here
Oceans 14
NIGGAS IN PARIS?? Naw Filipinos in Vegas!!
wait till i get my money right!!!!
What she order? Fish Filet????
Marty McFly? Biffs joint?
We in the building!!
I'm on one
Politics
Very nice setup
Drinks at Vic and Anthony's before Gordie Brown!  Nice atmosphere and Lambert Bridge by the glass - we will be back!
Listening to Patch Adams - very fun!
Lee's Wine Experience - wow!
Wineucopia here we come!
UNLVino!
Starbucks in here closes before 10pm.
Hard to find. It's a bit off the strip.
Walk up bar from the outside
3/5, but should really be 2/5 stars.
If you stay at GN, stay at Rush Tower!
Super must see in Vegas... Old meets new.
Here to play some black jack switch!
At the habitat to see the flamingos!
My first impression of the hotel is that it is very clean, attractive and has friendly staff.
Modern and pretty. Fun sculptures and great atmosphere. The wicked spoon Buffett closes parts of the day. Go to Holsteins shakes and buns!
They have Keurig in rooms, so bring K-cups save $10
There is construction happening right now on the main street, try not to get a room on the north side of rush tower.
fun!!! fun!!
Balcony at Gold Diggers had a great view of the stage on Fremont St. Tables at the edge of the balcony are $200 min on Friday
Much bigger, newer and nicer than I thought. Don't let the entrance off Fremont fool you
Play the jumbo slot machine heading out to Fremont experience!!!
Good customer service
Spacious rooms, clean, and inexpensive
Crowded on the weekends!
Spacious rooms
Waiting too long in lines at check in and total rewards
One of my favorite hotels in Vegas!!!
One of the Best place to stay off the strip!!!!
Love this hotel and casino!!!
Just won on the Hangover Game... You must ride the Effifel Tower....
Love the hotel.  Small bathroom.  Centrally located on the strip.  Nice rooms.  Casino good playing
M life
This hotel smells good.  Room decor is gorgeous.  Very quiet.  Located centrally on strip.
Love this hotel.  Smells nice and clean.
I absolutely love the way it smells in here.  Very clean hotel and casino!!!  Love staying here...
Make sure to sign up for TI card.  No longer part of m life program.
Free Room
Bingo and loose shots
They serve Starbucks products.  No classic syrup!!!  You can use your b connected card to pay.
Good music and craps!!!
Rush tower Suites are the best! & you must try the pool!
Cheap Roulette Tables!!! & free Mai Tais!
Best two room suites on the strip! Views are not that great though...
the tank!!!!!
Ah.... Much better :-)
Collaborate.
Thanks for the $175!
Ghetto fab fun
Fancy! Resort fee includes valet, spa access, wifi, shuttle service to Caesars and Wynn and much more!
Love the jacuzzi tubs! A necessity after a night in Vegas!
$5 black jack and roulette tables
Amazing bar with crystals surrounding it.
Pool is noisy, crowded, dirty, and pretty small. Sharks are cool though.
Lord of the rings slot just PAID ME!
We're heeeeerrreeeee!
I will live here and eat the buffet every single day if I win big tonight.
Watch out for drunk fooolios :p
The pool is pretty cool for Fremont.
They've done a bunch of renovations! New tower, new tables, and a new bar that opens up onto Fremont Street! If you're downtown a stop at the nugget is a must!
best joint on Fremont Street
$1 margaritas (:
Old school Vegas!!
Great concert at the club. Calvin Harris!!
Gondolas!!!
Very Nice!!
Yay!
Anthony with phone reservation was very helpful. I called before and the lady that answered the phone was not helpful, at all. I talked to Anthony for only 8 min and he got me a way better rate than what was quoted. He was also very professional.
Shark tank and good food....
Free Valet parking.
Great hotel to stay in. Pool is nice with huge fishtank and nice waterslide.  Bar next to pool.
Brought my 10 year old Daughter here just to swim in the Tank Pool  She is having a blast. The pool is very cool where else can you swim with sharks safely ? If you know please help me out always looking for fun
Restaurants are good
Reserve a chair for $20 or a poolside table with $100 minimum... The table is yours all day!
Classic!  Love it!
To get comps, check with the slot host the night before you leave.  NOT THE MORNING YOU CHECK OUT!
Crappy room, wet carpet (yuck), attendants did not want to help. 1hour, & a new room later, a/c is from 1970- doesn't work, blood spots on pillow :( Dear God.
The GN pool was terrible. The water was cloudy, congested, and gross! It looks beautiful in the pictures...but I saw the pool today and it does not look like that! Floating hair, bandaids, and who knows what else. We did not go on the slide because we didn't want to risk going under water. I will NEVER come back here.
Skip valet if you intend on picking it up in the am. Crowded and slow.
Nice room. Resort fee is such a joke. No wifi at all.
If you want to see sharks swimming around the water slide don't forget your goggles.
Nice staff, and fresh indoor air! And a pool that's open until 2 a.m. Downtown is making a comeback!
Carson Tower rooms have two doubles only, big enough for a rollaway so three to a room is no problem.  But four unrelated adults would be cooooooozy!
Two feet in a fountain lol.  Love this place!
Great fish tacos!
This place is ridiculous charge over $200 for a night and they want to charge you $24 to use their worthless freaking Wi-Fi I will be checking out tomorrow
The rooms are not very nice and not Kept very clean
Buffet here isn't the greatest not much selection but all in all ok..def staying here again. Nice hotel :)
The sharks!
Do not stay here. Their customer service is horrible. We booked online on their website weeks in advance, they charged my credit card in full before our arrival (which is fine) however they made a "mistake" and gave our room away. We did not get the room we paid for and there was no empathy or refund. Stay at the new Grand if you want to stay downtown Vegas. We ended up spending most of our time there even though we stayed at the Nugget.
If you are arriving late you will need to wait in a LONG line to check in. I have arrived late here the last 3 times I've stayed and waited over 30 minutes to check in.
If you are looking for good or even mediocre service this is not the place to stay.  We asked the valet guy to call a Bell Hop since we had a lot of luggage, but he said they couldn't help us until we checked in. So we were forced to attempt to carry it to the front desk by ourselves. Thanks Nick notice the subtle hint of sarcasm!
It can be easy to get lost finding your room but overall, it is the best hotel off the Strip. I highly recommend it to anybody!!
You gotta try their seafood buffet!! Only at The Rio. It's off the Strip, but man, is it well worth it!!!
I only pass by here in order to get to Tacos Gordo! Great place for kids, if you have any.
Possibly one of the most elegant yet amazing hotels ever built on the Las Vegas Strip. Pricey, but so worth the stay.
Love it....NY NY Big city of dreams!!!
Their breakfast buffet at Chin Chin is cheap in price before 1pm!!! Hash browns and bacon!!
I love how their casino has a Parisian-esque vibe inside due to it's designing!! Will definitely stay here!!
The Blue Man Group perform here. Nice looking casino. Their tram above takes you to the Vdara and Bellagio and the Aria!!!
The canal here makes for such a romantic vibrancy! A must to bring your sweetheart or friends or loved ones!!
It's all about Wet Republic and Hakkasan here!! Love how their overpass connects with New York New York.
Awesome buffet and even more awesome-r pirate show with the hot girls!!! Mmmm!!
From this hotel you get a lovely view of the fountains at the Bellagio. One of the oldest hotels on the Strip. Love it's location.
Possibly the best looking pool in all of Vegas! Located in the southern end of the Strip, this hotel is a must to check out. Love it.
Many great restaurants, awesome shops, huge casino and bats where the alcohol flows endlessly!!! I freaking love Caesars Palace!!
It ain't Mt. Shasta or Mt. Vesuvius, but this volcano just is a sight worth melting over!! Pictures are required just for the memories!!!
This hotel had a citrus/coconut scent upon entry!! Love it though...don't care about the cigarette stench afterwards!!
If you're ever here, try the Aria Cafe!
Home of Zarkana!! Nice looking casino  inside and their cafe rocks!!!
Please take advantage of the tram that passes through this hotel!!! Very nice looking inside
Fast check in .. Very nice. & clean rooms..
This should be cool
Make sure to go for a swim!
Outdoor corridor hotel & what happened to the cookies?
No one at Carson Tower front desk at 12am.  This is Vegas. Should be 24 hrs.
Get Rush Tower. Facing strip. It's nicer and quieter.
Having FUN... one of the better casinos on Fremont Street.
If you are a non smoker pass this one by. Smokers everywhere including common areas. My nonsmoking floor has smokers. I won't be back
Best for your buck  only that they chargr a hefty sum for wifi is so outdated und it sucksss
The best on the strip
New and hip
NO FREE parking! Gone are the days when I could come to best casino in downtown and park for free. Now you HAVE to play to get at least one point. Essentially that's $5 or so.
The Rush Tower is amazing!
Awesome shark pool kids loved it! But I have to say not impressed with the room and maintenance.. Called maintenance at about 9:30 pm because it was kinda warm and the ac wasn't really cooling maintenance man came and said "honestly that's as cold as it will get these ac units are old" don't get me wrong I understand it won't be like the South Pole in here but it felt like 80 degrees all night found it very hard to sleep... #disappointedatthegoldennuggegthotelandcasino
Love this place good price and awesome staff.
Great staff. Check-in was quick. Thanx golden nugget for everything.
Don't drive here; parking terrible, valet full most the time
The people who work in the sportsbook are horrible. I won $9000 this week and they treated me like a criminal. I won't be going in there ever again.
Went to Vegas and passed on the Nugget due to the way I was treated before
Here again and not betting. Lol
Old vibe here, but it's cool to visit
Making $$$
Tiffany T is a loser and has no valuable opinion. She is a natural complainer
Fire at the Rio, lines are long here
This place has been fixed up. Buffet is surprisingly great. Close to everything on the strip.
Stayed here when I turned 21 a longtime ago. Almost the last of the old casinos
Too bad it CLOSED
Sportsbook is cool because nobody is ever in here
Let's see how it goes
I love this place...
Love staying at the best hotel on Fremont St!
The shark pool is AMAZING!   The water slide takes you through the middle of a 20,000 gallon aquarium.
I liked the look of the shark pool but felt bad that it's so small for those sharks. They should definitely work on that.
You must go to the pool if you're a pool person! It's the best.
The pirate show is gone forever!
Used to be awesome. Drink comps suck now! New hotel downtown next time!
Nice place to stay, eat or play while on Fremont Street.  The place is kept clean. We stayed at Carson Tower and the room was clean. Plenty of room for the three of us.
I like playing poker at the bar. Machines are good to you and you can have decent and  cheap mixed drink. Never had a bad 7 and 7 there!
one word: amazeballs! :) hotel got an amazing features inside and out.
Sophisticated hotel...:) expensive though.
Everything - I love is found here in Downtown Grand Hotel . Across the street from Freemont Experience.
Best seafood buffet in town!
If you like random things stolen from your room and no resolution or sympathy go ahead and stay here
Had a wonderful time in the casino as always.....
Bring your own keurig k-cups and save $10...even better if you have the reusable kind. $10 for 4 cups of coffee seems like a rip off if using powdered coffee creamer and that pink crap.
Super long line for check in, called 800 number, asked for Priority registration to be added to my room, for 20 bucks, worth saving an hour of my VACA!
I won't stay here because there are tour groups dribbling along the corridors, that and lots of kids in strollers. Forget that noise!
Other than that the place is beautifully kept and affordable, the fact that it's LEED Gold Certified makes me want to stay here again.
Machines here are pretty tight, but its a fun place to hangout
I hate that they will be closing May 4th
The best cable channels BET, say what
Only down fall to this hotel the elevators going to the parking garage are a hit and miss we've had to drag luggage up and down stairways more than once it sucked
Fridge stuffed with stuff u better not touch, too much
One star from dylan, I'll explain later
No handicap access if you self park as none of the exterior doors appear to be automated. At least there are ramps to get up the sidewalk.
Very comfy beds here...like the hotel. First time staying in Downtown Vegas.
They have some very unpersonable staff working customer service here...avoid Sosoo and Elvis up front.
If you're going to be late for check in, call ahead and let them know, so they don't give away your room. Ask for a room close to the elevator, if you have mobility issues or small children. And if you have a beef with the room, don't be afraid to ask for remediation-you're paying a LOT to stay there, get your $$ worth.
Worst Sports book in Vegas. Small, Smokey, dark and rude management.
Wizard of Oz against the Ewa wall is the machine to play. Three players can partake in bonus rounds. Cha ching!
VERY VERY IMPORTANT!!!!!   When playing using vouchers, mind the "cents". If you use the voucher on a dollar or quarter machine, a voucher for anything less than $1.00 or $.25 will be printed before your first play.   DO NOT FREAK OUT AND WALK AWAY!! Someone may be watching you, cash out the machine and take your money!    Also, always remember to check the PAID box on the machine!
I expected more from the Golden Nugget.  Not handicapped friendly AT ALL.  Rush Tower room was ok.  TV is located on the wall directly in front of bed.  Can't see it very well on the couch.  Bathtub so deep and no rails to hang onto to get in.  Maybe if I try and fail I could own the hotel?? No documentation that ID is required to charge to room at pool... Obviously everyone brings is to a pool so it can be stolen.   My recommendation is stay at the Four Queens.
Don't stay here if you want to get sleep during the weekend, bands on Fremont street are way too loud!
Best Kobe steak and service I've ever had!!
One of the best spot to stay in old downtown in the heart of freemont!
The smell of smoke is overwhelming.
Bring your own kcups, they're not free even though they offer the machine
Great rooms and very clean.  The most expensive hotel on Fremont Street.
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Use promo code juliannac118ue to get a FREE UBER ride up to $15
Must update and say that they made up for it.  Thank you.
Don't go to this hotel.Reserved one bed for wedding anniversary and rude lady gave me2 twins.Fremont ST is full of crack heads begging for money. Some of the crackheads are naked. If you take a pic with a crackhead and don't pay them, they have someone chase you for the money.My little 5 year old niece ran up to Someone dressed as Dora,my niece ran up to her all happy & didn't know to give $$,so this fake Dora had a homeless guy next to her chase down my little niece & her mom & took her phone.
Super friendly and attentive staff!!! You can tell that they emphasize this throughout the company. They really do give their best.
Very nice time. Upgraded room on check in. Staff was very helpful
Do not eat at the buffet $85 for three and horrible food. Our daughter got sick from it. Go to Buddy V at the Venetian awesome food and at a great price.
Friendly people and a good scene. if you play poker check out their tables
The place was paradise.  I would definitely stay there again.
Uber and Lyfr drop offs are in the back, not the front
Gina sent up fruit and chocolate. She has always been the best.
$18 to valet park at MGM unless you're gold card or higher.
Stayed there this past weekend.  Always a good time.  Really comfortable bed.
Ellen Degeneres slots = much win :D
Ellen DeGeneres penny slots pay people! & Is so fun!!
Came to the The Tank... and it's awesome !!!
Keep your receipts from room charges. Weird charges may show up.
Epic hotel on the old downtown street all kinds of entertainment, food, and stores!
Great if you want to escape the smells of TI via tram
The entire ground floor smells of French vanilla
Ok the overpowering smell of vanilla and citrus is starting to give me a headache.
Doesn't stink like smoke, mustache and failure like the others
Burp!
Bring a drink if you play slots poor cocktail service tonight a adage time between drink is over 22 minutes. I normally go downtown an can get a drink every 5 minutes if I want due to tipping good. Their was no reason to tip 5 or 10 per drink tonight at Sam's town. Positive note the comp suite is great.
Bring a drink with you to slot machines cocktail waitress are slow tonight average 22.27 minutes between drinks!
Tonight 13:50 minutes to get a drink and I think three people are playing
Get a drink BEFORE you play slots it will take forever to get a drink if you are playing slots. Bring a drink with you or stop at bar first you might get a drink before you finish it. You got 25 percent chance you will get a drink before you finish.
Craps!
Irish car bombs!
Smells like pina colada n cigarette smoke
It's time to party!
just checking in! complimentary upgrade to one of their fancy signature suites? YES, please!
hands down my favorite hotel in Vegas! :] "excuse me miss, frozen grapes? evian spritz?-- oh why thank you!" talk about relaxation!
birthday festivities start ...now! :D
poolside! --v burger (angus, brioche, swiss, bacon, aioli) & a pia colada! plus the complimentary otter pops aren't too shabby either.
my suite got upgraded! hollaaaaaa! nice view of the strip ;) -- oh, and this dirt lot across the way. cool!
jason mraz concert! :] aaaah! love love LOVE him!
PRO: comfy ass bed, kitchen in suite, art books on the shelves to read CON: no casino and the toaster was broken (RIP my poptart)
fancy! comparable to aria minus the casino! new fav hotel!
Ditch Friday!
Blackjack time before some sushi!
This architecture is amazing!
Carrot Top!
Of all crappy cheap hotels i choose... I pick this one! But, they have stromboli's here so i dont give a monkeys uncle
Oops.... Fell asleep and woke up thinking i was having a nightmare... But then realised its real as im still in the monte crapo
Why the fuck am i here in vegas again???
Starting our little weekend getaway!  Finally some R&R....
Complimentary yoga classes for guests at 9 a.m. on Saturdays. Must sign up at Well Spa.
Welcome to Hung Over Yoga on the Pool Deck.
Here to see Mr. Warmth.
Another Vegas business trip
The casino looks as if Liberace vomited all over the place. The rooms are nice.
Wrap around suite.
Good Nite Vegas...
Love it!!! Can't wait to soak in the tub :)
I could get used to this lol
FREE room service?!? YES!!!
Juan at the front desk is very helpful
Free coffee/water bottles/cookies in the room. Hell yes.
Pirate show
2 bedroom suites with full kitchen.
A limo back to ur hotel...
My new favorite hotel in Vegas. The desert suite was very clean and the balcony view was awesome.
Nice, clean, and very reasonably priced for a labor day weekend!
Good hotel at a great price!
Fun fun place to play and see!
Nice centrally located hotel. Nice clean , decent room. Great midweek deal!
Having drinks poolside..
Our favorite movie theatre is Sin City!!
Just walking through headed to haze at aria
Check in time
They have a awesome looking pool
Wow!! Mayweather you should be ashamed of the fight! I expected you to run like always! But hugging every time you started getting scared . Just do everybody a favor and change TMT to THT! ( The Hugging Team )  Nobody will order your fight in September so just retire already so we can watch real boxers!
I just found out from my wife who Mayweather  is fighting next!! My son is so excited. And hey they have the same set of Skills!
Can't wait for Vegas. Counting down the days.
Wow so diff than our end of the strip lol!
Ahhh vacation.....
Ahhhhh. Home!
AMAZING how all the staff here speak fluent French!!!!
Nice and open casino floor, not claustrophobic like NYNY and Paris!
By far the Bestt place to stayy!!! Round one hunreee
At the pool
I ran into Holly Madison at the escalators when she used to perform. I also watched her peep show which was okay.. But not that exciting!  This casino is good for young folks who love to party!! The girls here look top notch!
Round one thousand!
Never gets old! Best place to stay
Gorgeous inside! Can't wait to stay here!
World Series of poker WSOP
Le Reve priceless Ty Steve!!!
Trump is such a chump bahaha
Jger bombs
Dueling pianos...wish you were here!
Excellent house band and crowd for a Sunday!
Welcomed guest check in is a breeze!
Cool pool and awesome shops!
Best fries EVER at ironwood American kitchen. Truffle Fries!!!!
GreAt hotel
As of right now, they no longer do the ship sinking. So, no need to come back here. Cute place, looks like an oversized Saloon on the inside.
LoOk at my View!
Still free parking for the guests and visitors! 2016
Self park lot has green/red lights above the spaces so you can spot open spaces from a distance.
Long wait to check in Friday at 3pm.
Parking is 10$ per day for guests.  In and out privileges using your room key.
Mildew in the hot tub jets in our room
very nice place , good restaurants an deli , the casino look like village nyc
Great location + awesome pool + fitness center
The worst service I ever had on the stripe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nice hotel for $88/night on the weekend...room was clean, bathroom was spacious...my mom & sis loved their New Orleans-inspired omlettes from the cafe, and we won HUNDREDS in the casino! excellent getaway!
For such a fancy hotel they have the cheapest 1 ply toilet paper in their rooms
Breakfast buffet!!
Really nice hotel ;) went in to check it out and ended up gambling there for a few hours.
Everywhere in the hotel smells like an ashtray!!!
Dirty, run down , rude,
Juan and I done for the day
Best buffet!
Beautiful scenery!
Everywhere is super clean!
Buffet was terrific. Get discount coupons at half price tix to save money. Desserts were unbelievable, maybe the best I've ever had!!! pesto pasta was extraordinary. 1 ton soup was really tasty.
Very clean. Water flow slow in shower. Very roomy.
Great place to stay. Insufficient parking. Hazardous to park in the garage!!! Nice rooms, very clean. There is a fee for every activity!!
Seriously need to shampoo the carpets. Room and halls are very dirty  Can't beat the weekday rate and room is spacious and well appointed. Plus, no resort fee!
The balconies are now locked off.
Nice place. Not too fancy. Nice, helpful people.
Nice place to stay. Many Starbucks in one place
Small selection but good drinks. Taste just like Starbucks
Lost? Follow that light beaming up to the sky coming out of a pyramid building. You're welcome.
East tower... Just need to find a ufc fight friendly place
Located in D6, good place to lounge
Service from floor people that buss tables and stock up are excellent
So far so good.
This is one place I'll be coming back to.
I don't know much about suites. However, as of right now, I like a suite that makes me feel like I'M imposing on IT, ya know? Loving this.
Free wifi for hilton members
Fantasy tower
Make sure you double check your room charges!
Eternal fart smell in the upper floors
If you can't get a suite ask for a corner room they are quite a bit bigger than their regular rooms and they are the same price!
$5 Craps mid day on a Saturday!
The Century Tower was super convenient and close to the parking lot and the front desk.
Stayed in Jubilee tower, very nice room. Great view.
Hand scooped waffle cones, desserts, + salad medley cups are cute... otherwise, nothing special for how long the line was. Buffet #2
Looser slots!
Being a degenerate gambler.  Yeah!
Breakfast at the courtyard grill takes forever. The line took forever and Been waiting for 2 scrambled eggs and bacon for 30 mins now.
Not bad at all
Loving it.
Still here, still lovin it
Woo hoo!
Good sleep
Woohoo!
Lion King!
Marriage Can Be Murder is a lot of dun!
Why is this place listed as 'closed'??? It totally isn't because I'm staying here right now.
Doing my part to help the Maloofs finance a new arena
Visit the Hershey's store
Super lux, be prepared to spend.
Love how this hotel connects to Hilton Elara!
All is great! Cabanas are a good deal.
Oh so yummy crepes and buffets! Best place freshest bread.. Esp. croissants!
Ambiance relaxing!
Not a bad live band in Extra lounge and connected to huge shopping area.
Clean, nice decor, so affordable! The only thing is that its 20min from strip. Will come here again next time tho!
So many fun bars and lounges all in one place! Love it.
Just got here.... One second in Hawaii... Perfect weather... The next in Vegas... You can't even go outside...en fuego!!
Kara serving up some drinks... Getting me started again... ALOHA!!!
Sweepers...
Let the games begin!
Nice!!
Walking off the Prime Rib...
Punk Rock Bowling!
Go bowling!!  So much fun, like you're a kid again.  If you're not doing well, add a pitcher of beer to the mix.
Check in lines long...and slow
.50 cent games on Friday mornings!
Firelight buffet
Laser light and water show at 2-6-8-10 PM~
9/2013 On the outer edge of the strip, really enjoyed being away from the heavier traffic congestion. GREAT room service selections & sushi restaurants!!!
Super comfortable room that just makes me want to chill and relax. My snap judgement... I like this place.
Eating at the little bagel deli. $7 for a huge bagel sandwich and a bag of chips. Vegas on the cheap baby!
If you're starving and/or looking for crappy chinese (or Italian) food, look no farther than the food court at the flamingo
The Rams Head Bar at the Mystic Falls is awesome. Best Bloody Mary in Las Vegas and the best scenery and atmosphere.
Regarding the RV park: If you show up late with a paid reservation, they will give your spot away and still charge you.
Gone With the Wind slot machines, bowling lanes, a large indoor waterfall with light shows and mechanical stuffed wild animals that move.
Smoking or non? The casino floor didn't smell awful. I was pleasantly surprised. Rooms are clean and well kept. No scary mystery grime anywhere... so far.
The music outside is loud and plays constantly. it finally stopped late in the night. The signs within the resort to find valet, are confusing and the staff further exacerbated the confusion because they too, didn't know where the valet was.
Nice place to stay but to far from strip
How on earth a hotel room bathroom is built without a fan is beyond me!
Take the kids to Mystic Falls Park
Trying to find the hotel check in desk is a nightmare. No signs.  But everything else is good, so far.
If you are a light sleeper, request a room on the outside corridor, not facing the inner atrium area. The water fall show that runs every hour is very loud and can be heard within the inner rooms. Not crazy loud, but noticeable.
Worth 7.77, but not a penny more!!
Great place to have a good tine and avoid the strip.  Wanted to write a review but the yelp app is not working in the casino
Love the 70s commercial interior. Well kept.
Always have a very lucky time here and you can't beat the price of a meal here yummy
I think alot of people feel the same as I do about the staff of Sams....good to know and people beware. There are much better places to spend your money and time.
Not bad! The suites are nice ! Would recommend
In-laws room for the week
Wow..haven't been here since I was 5... crazy!
Hooray!! Finally done driving!
Room Service - too hot to stay outside. Waiting for nightfall for debauchery.
Nice staff
Nice employees but valet is so unorganized! What a mess!
No one is at the pool! But only of I can get my lazy behind out there to enjoy it
Pool doesn't open til 11 :( and its not heated
Pretty decor
Lovely decor
Thrilling rides on top of Tower
Daring rides on top of tower
There's a lovely seasonal display in the atrium. Check the website for schedule
Amazing decor for Lunar New Year of the Sheep
Good pool area for families
Gorgeous view at sunset
For amazing views, go outside from Canal Shop towards Madame Tussaud around sunset
Valet area
Love the "good night" button in the room that turns off all the lights and closes the curtains
If you want room cleaned, don't book through Jet Luxury because they don't clean your room if you stay more than one night.
This hotel and casino has been closed since 2006 funny how some reviews or from 2009! It will now be called downtown grand! Opens in April 2013 if on track!
Very nice room I had a go room the bath tub was a soaking tub not huge but nice!!!! No bedbugs! Hated the buffet kinda small and not much to select! The only problem was I booked over the phone a smoking double queen got a non smoking king
Best hotel in Vegas!
Woo! Gambling with Mom! I never do this, but I'm up $47.00 on the penny slots, lol.
watching ufc fights for $10. can't beat that
Getting my tan on. $10 for locals to get in
Mimosas by the pool at 10am? Ok!
Nice place to stay
Mel is an extremely rude taxi attendant. Spoke very patronizing my to my family and sarcastically said, "thanks for the tip" when we refused to tip him after such hostile customer service.
If you happen to like uninterrupted sleep, this is not the place for you.
Check in takes foreverrrrrrrrrr.....
They don't let people bring anything but water to the pool. Pepsi had to stay inside.
I'm tired. That's not a tip... oh well
Finally, there's hot water
if you plan on only sleeping and not doing anything else as in using the amenities then go ahead and stay here the staff obviously do not care about access to Internet or being able to utilize the devices that are in the room to completion. this is the first time I have ever stayed inside of a hotel in Las Vegas and I had lived there for 26 years. I really wish I would've spent the extra however much money to stay at another hotel near the strip
Here for lunch with richie
With Roselle Ty Lee, Chris Lee, & Richard Rivera
Don't close. Not even for private parties, please. Not beneficial for me, and for you.
Always nice
The music at the beach night club was so loud we could hear it in our room & we r on the 36th floor
Love it here
Newer tower rooms... Not too shabby!
Jean philippe is a must!
Make sure to stop at bouchon bakery!
Make a stop at earl of sandwich!
Self parking is ridiculously far from hotel lobby. Free valet tho
Earl of sandwich inside casino! Room r hit or miss....
Beautiful hotel but smells too perfumy
Wicked spoon and secret pizza!
Now $5 for parking. Refundable at the cashier's cage with validation.
Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly
Viva Las Vegas...we have arrived!
Minutes from the airport...really nice place!
Clean facility just 5 mins from the strip.  No frills, but a nice place to escape the madness.  In the process of renovating (as of November 2012).  Conveniences nearby.  Workout facility is subpar and in need of upgrade.
Very friendly staff.  Clean and modern facilities.  Nice location for access to the interstate and downtown Champaign.
What a GREAT movie theater! It's clean, big reclining chairs, and nice sound system!
Free breakfast & free beer 4-7 makes it worth staying off the strip :)
Getting a bj
Also for my review that I did 9 days ago...I checked in early for a mere $40. Checked in around 2. Settled in and got back down around 4(check in time) and the line was super long. I recommend checking in early. It's worth it.
My favorite thin.g iks we request egg white omelets and we get to eat a little healthier :)
Don't forget to ask for an upgrade.
Stop there! It's an old Hotel but check it out: nice swimming pool, poolside cafe, good British Pub n crowded.
Before 6am today I would have said this place was AMAZING. However after right about now like I told the security F* ck you and F* ck this place! One bad experience really puts a bad taste in ur mouth!
Don't expect anything from the staff here. The rooms smells like sewage. The staff doesn't help out w the problem. Rooms didn't have working TV or have pillows for the sleeper sofa. THIS IS A SHIT HOLE!!! Go somewhere else
Valet is full, but they have floor after floor of blocked off, empty, parking garage you have to drive past in your way up
Free beverage fountain by Marinelli's restaurant with three sugar free options: Fresca, diet Coke & Coke Zero.
Protip: Free 4 week digital access to The New York Times - pick up a free card where they have the print newspapers.
Protip: get in at least 15 minutes before 10pm. They close showers and the buffet at around 10pm.
The orange juice here is great!
10/10/10 Engagement of a Lifetime event with Donny Osmond.  Watch CNN/Entertainment Tonight on Monday.
Holly Madison's Peep Show!!
Always double down on 11.
Home away from home. Great deals for joining MLife!
Free rooms from MLife 0050424079
Local haunt. Great place to watch games.
Check-in and parking are difficult. Waited 35 minutes to drop off car at valet. Self parking is really far away.
Great place to stay!!! Big rooms, and awesome beds too
The Go Room is awesome!!
Very swanky!!! Awesome place
Victory B&G Go Lions!
No wifi....
Vegas, baby!!
Ahhh! Love this place!
Ahhh Vegas...
Soaking my sorrows!
Chandelier!
$5 blackjack, but I can't play.
Home owner here & I couldn't ask for more except maybe a much larger fitness center and more shade for parking.
Slow Thursday at work
Now they finally have wireless Internet avail for a fee
Everything is good here. But I really like their jicama and pineapple salad as well as their poke tuna
$5 off for Cali residents. Good thing I still have my Cali license ;p
Beds are so comfortable... rooms very clean and nice! Casino is not super smokey either.
Just across the street from the Convention Center Monorail stop.
Great hotel if you bring the family and your favorite pet...
Awesome room and excellent service! They let your pet share your room... dogs too!
Tolles, stylisches Hotel- sehr freundlicher Service. Mein Lieblingshotel in Stuttgart...
Best venue for concerts. No bad seat in the house. I always love to come here.
Vegasssss!
The beds are amazing.... pillow cloud! :D
Just checked out :)
Martin's blackjack +3 bets are paying for our dinner at NOVE Italiano!
Sadly the quality here has declined.
No room service. No breakfast.
There is no fridge
A great value for the space and not bad of a walk to the strip. If you self park before check-in, don't bother unloading your luggage. They may likely assign you to a building FAR away that will require you to repark or walk a loooooong way.
Hot tub in our room w/ view of the strip! Got carded 3x's at the casino-ugh! Concierge is always crowded & game fl small but it was home.
Absolutely amazing!! The rooms are cozy, the golf cart service is amazing, but the best is night swimming in their heated pool underneath the stars and boulders. We are absolutely coming back!
Still need to work out some kinks-forgot our conditioner&didn't have sheets ready on pullout sofa.Suites are large w/ kitchen,washer,& tub.
Got the corner suite but it's starting to lose the new smell. Our room actually had a musty smell to it.
Should have stayed here instead of Vdara. Well my next trip for sure I will be booking MO. It's so relaxing.
Wouldn't recommend the salon as I was checking in this lady was unhappy with her hair. Good thing mine was just a quick mani & pedi.
Worst valet ever!!!!!!!!
Amazing holiday displays in lobby! Cute penguin theme display
Amazing view from balcony facing Bellagio's water fountain & Paris tower. Breath taking...
No bible but a full version of the Kama sutra on the nightstand.
Way better than staying in a hotel room these condos are beautiful they have all the amenities and there's no gambling
Beautiful rooms. We stayed in 1827
Timeshare presentation is horrible. Lasted 3 hours when they said it would be max 2. Our agent wouldn't answer our questions and was instead intent on what he wanted to say. Just don't do it.
Can I just compliment on what a nice and friendly staff in their casino tables they have here? Helpful in answering questions in what the rules of the game are for first time players like me!
You can precheck out and ask if any thing was charged to your room anytime but also the night before you leave so that way you save time to get to the airport and you sign your paper to pre check out!
Parking garage elevators are still down (as of 11/15/14). Note: do NOT wear 5-inch heels or park on the roof. Your legs and feet will resent you. Just valet.
ufc 160
Tuff n Uff Fights going down now.
20% off at Valentino with your YELP app ;)
Buffet here is excellent!
Luxury!!!!
Fare from airport should be about $15
Nice, clean, friendly, close and convienant.
Check in before parking your car. Bring some groceries and have fun. Fitness center needs punching dummies. The lobby is on the second floor.
Good 4 mile run at 6mph today.
Day 2 of Beachbody Coaches Summit.
Lunch by the Fire in the Snow!
Chef  Masa time Champagne  a lovely dishes
Higher the room the better! Strip view!
The cafe has late night specials...just make sure you have a player's card.
One of our favorite places to stay in Vegas!
Clean hotel and casino. Easy parking. But very hard uncomfortable beds!!! Great showroom to see comedy or music acts.
This is our Vegas place to stay!  5 star all the way. Service, cleanliness, one bedroom suite is awesome,  smoke free and right off the strip. This is the view from our room.
Don't judge a book by its cover. Hotel lobby, bar, and staff very nice. The Barrymore restaurant inside is to die for.
They have a shuttle to the strip. Wifi is included. Won't call it free since there's a $10 resort fee each night that includes these items.
If you want two beds know that the pull out couch is the second bed. Unpleasant surprise.
The best fish and chips I've ever had out. Hot hit and fresh. The clam chowder was delicious also
Loving my stay here. The hallway and rooms are so much better than the flamingo. It's quiet in the rooms, I can't hear my neighbors, it's clean, and spacious. I'm so happy :) And my room was free for two nights!
Checking in!
It was hard to find the entrance to park thanks to temporary closures and construction. Plus all the traffic.. Took forever!
Happy they gave us a higher floor and strip side view.. But it was so noisy. I could hear the neighbors, ppl in hallway, and neighbors across from us. There was other noise which I think was constructions work late at night.
$1 roulette.. Ftw!
Tuna melt, tomato soup, and cookie bites!
Good times and good cards! Love,  and Terry Fator, a must see!
Been years! I like the new look!
Beautiful city within a city!
Only hotel with killer balconies overlooking the Bellagio fountains
So pretty out here and NO crowds!
Large beautiful hotel. Convenient to venue off the strip near Summerlin.
Great hotel for kids.
The lazy river and wave pool have a TON of chlorine so be prepared!!
Bring your own K-cups for the in-room Keurig. It will save you $9 in the minibar.
$5 crap tables. You can't beat gambling on a budget!
Rooms are spacious but still a bit old school for me. Prefer the M rooms better.
Ping Pang Pong for good dim sum!
Sign up for a B Connected players card and they will mail you great room offers for cheap or for free.
My favorite hotel in Vegas...best rooms and service! Call the concierge and they'll add you to the guest list for any club!
$7 for self parking for 1-4 hours, $13 for valet parking. $10 for overnight self parking.
4 chance $ 1000 every friday @ 7:00 pm session..
Thank God Its Friday!!!!"
Go to shutters bar...look for lee and mike..best bartender on graveyard..lol!
Best buffet ever!!!
This is jammed packed...just the casino itself!!!!
Last hoorah..
drink!!! not sink and swim
yuck
Shitty customer service!
Snap! No poker room :(
I like it here! The rooms are large, clean, and you don't pay the Vegas price. It's a short cab ride to the strip.
Open bar during bingo.
I am gonna win!!! I am gonna win!!! Just putting it out there!!!
Vegas!!
VLV 15 let the party begin
VLV 15 car show Big Sandy comes on at 2:30. Ready to rock
Smells weirdly like the air Freshener display at the car wash
Room is better than expected
Housing conditions open forum
First time playing Bingo here in Vegas.  This bingo hall is nice.  Separate smoking and non-smoking sections.
Drunken bingo!
Old casino very stinky. Huge smoke stench. Good food inside
Love there nachos inside Brendan theaters. Rude customer service
Noodle Exchange do a delicious $14.99 evening hot pot!
Tex mex egg rolls delicious
Cheap brews & plenty of seating with personal TV's. No one really trips on u here like other places
Buffet closes at 9pm so plan accordingly.
They gave me a free room in December. So I have nothing to complain about this hotel
Shuttle that goes to The Strip every 15 mins!
Nice comfy feeling! Nice place to relax after going out elsewhere!
There you go playaaaa!
The rooms don't have refrigerators, but you can rent one from the front desk. They charged me a flat $15 for the entire stay. Definitely worth it!
Let's get one thing straight: I dislike Vegas with great intensity. So when I found out I would have to be here for an entire week, I figured; Hey, I hate the strip and could go for a classic joint away from all the hype. Booked a room via Vegas.com to the tune of $30 a night ( gotta' keep the company profitable you know ) plus, I'm a simple guy right? Staff was really friendly, casino was a sad sight but to me they all are. Would I hang at the cocktail lounge downstairs? Yea, maybe.
Stayed here on a less than epic 3 day stay. I opted out of shenanigans but the stay and lounge were pleasant
Geezerly Stroll along Vintage Vegas? Don't mind if I do. DTLV
Get your players card before you go 5.99 breakfast 7.99 lunch and 10.99 dinner really good food lots to choose from ....yummy !!
Conveniently located next to the Rio and WSOP
Good for WSOP.   Bad for everything else.
Bowling alley n salsa dancing on sat nights.
There's a casino entrance n hotel entrance. No bellman at casino entrance.
Usually I would promote valet for convenience sake but self parking is super convenient for Bouchon.
Secret garden for kids has dolphins white lion etc.
No more lion exhibit :(
Try second floor of chandelier bar :)
Resort fee is $20
Easy entrance from mall by rain shower pool.
Shave with Claude the Barber
Gym open from 6am to 10pm
Self-parking all the way at the rear of the hotel...might want to HIGHLY consider valet
Regardless of whatever discounted room rate you may have booked, You will end up paying another $15 per night for what they refer to as a RESORT FEE.  This bogus fee is for all the COMPLIMENTARY things they tell you are included in your hotel stay such as coffee in your  room, free wi-fi, free shuttle service to their sister hotel on the strip, free self parking, use of the pool and gym, etc. BEWARE that they DO NOT waive the fee even if you DONT use any of their services!!!
Classic old school casino!! Always fun.
Be sure to check hotwire or priceline DO NOT pay full price if you dare to stay here
Save your bingo receipt for a buy one get one free offer at Friday's
Park on the top floor of the parking garage and avoid unnecessary elevator trips or traffic to get inside
Hippie pot on fri, Saturday!  Lots of free gifts for the players!!
Stayed here. Good rooms. Clean. Nice people slooooooow pay out on machines
Get deals with free B-connect membership card
Wifi is included in resort fee. Can use it with up to 3 devices, otherwise you will need to upgrade to more expensive tier Internet.
My boyfriend and I can play League of Legends with the internet here. That says a lot.
They have the deal or no deal game here!!
Get the fountain view room if you can. Worth it.
2 free nights here? Yes please! Ahhh ~~~~
Overnight parking $10/night.
AC sometimes stops working. Hot water is turned off at various times in the day. Be aware of that if you choose to stay here.
Nice rooms for a reasonable rate. Really close to the Strip and they have a shuttle. Enjoying my stay very much :)
Great place to play bingo- Dual Dab $24,996.00 in 32 numbers or less! I won 4 times today.
Great place to play bingo- Dual Dab $24,996.00 in 32 numbers or less
Machines rarely payout
No bar pool side... Bring your own beer (BYOB)
Comfy big king size bed!
Valet parking only with shuttles going to Encore/Wynn and Caesar's Palace.
2 bedroom suite w living room, kitchen, and hot tub. Holler!
I feel like I'm in Sex In The City with all the glitz and glam.
First time here and the first impression was great!
Steel Panther on Saturdays!
Lame excuse for a buffet. Only come try if u have 24 hr pass... Still not worth it though
Beds are waaaay too soft for my liking.
Family time
Ready to see the show. :))
Staycation
The room was clean and the bed was comfortable.  It is great for kids.
Love it I have just found my new favorite hotel.
Finally!
Pool time!
Free soda machines are GONE! :(. Studio B is STILL the reigning buffet around!
Best spot in Vegas!
The service is not ideal, but the rooms are great! Convenient location.
$1 bowling after midnight ($3 shoes)
I'm on vacation!!!
Very Naa'leans. Huge casino. Haven't got to the food yet. But I'll bet its bad..
Hat Elvis Rocks!
Wtf am I doing here.  Lol
So effing tired.
Drinking in the am?   Check.
Very Modern, well laid out and relaxing for the weary and frequent flyer . Fresh fruit and great eggs at breakfast . Seating pods and distinct clusters for privacy .
My all time favorite hotel!! The staff is on point. Exceptional customer service, the rooms are well maintained, & if you like luxury, stay here! Their pool is beautiful & there is a fitness center too.  Oh but one thing they don't have is a casino. I like to gamble but wasn't disappointed because it doesn't smell of smoke at all which is a huge plus for me.  Furthermore, the Wynn & other hotels are walking distance. Trump also offers a courtesy shuttle to a few hotels.
Time for a great lunch fish and chips
Non-smoking facility! Jam-packed with restaurants. I'm lovin it!
I only gamble with other people's money. I shop with mine! 100% guarantee! :)
Great mojitos and always enjoy the elegance
Wonder who we will run into here?
Let the crazy begin
Getting my propofal on
Holly Madison peepshow here we come :)
Nice hotel!!
a perfect place for family reunions
Going for a swim :-)
Dancing with the stars!!
Checking in!
Our family hotel for years
Checking this place out
Picking up hubby
Checkin it out
Finally got parking! It's so packed here!
Good relaxing place. ii members get priority for rooms so that was a plus.
Great for the $$. Book on condosdirect.com
Great A/C!
do not trust housekeeping! they are thieves!
Walls to thin you can hear through the walls.  Front desk people NOT that friendly and room REALLY small.
Internet access only in the lobby and right outside. Cell phone service (AT&T) poor.
A lot of reviews say wifi in lobby only, but it works in our room :)
The worst ever!
Red... My fav color!
9:30am its bed time, good night!
First hand of pai gow at encore, straight flush... My only highlight of this trip... Ugh when will all the drunk clubbers go to sleep??
Woot!!
Honey, I'm home!!!!
Still awake!!
Time to nap, been up for 28 hours
Picking up 4 tickets for Lion King tonight!
Super pretty decorations!
awesome pools (:
Family fun time
Gamble gamble all day
Poolside! Weee
Yay!!! Wicked spoon time
valet only parking option is a plus.
Military discount for roller coaster ride. I'm a low roller at MLife, but the player's club desk still comp'd me $20 in food vouchers even though I was not staying at the hotel.
Poker room just opened today. Last night they installed new carpet. It is located next to sports book and Pussycat dolls area. They splash one table with extra money when a football team scores.
Poker
After a couple of hours in poker room, order food from the menu. Poker room will comp a meal in addition to the $2/hour in express comps you earn. Get Fiji water and top shelf alcohol or upscale coffee like latte from the drink girl.
You can use your cell phone while at the blackjack table
They have the old school mechanical horse racing game that uses quarters. This is great game for groups and a quick way to drop some change
Pretty cool rooms, I like it.
Jet!
Here's a tip: don't stay here. It was free...eh.
Don't gamble.
The world series of poker is happening right now.
I like the atmosphere, but not the dcor.
The hell?
Old school.
Time for bed
Casino Hopping!
Awesome sceneries!
Vegas Baby!
Goodnight world... JK!
Bye Mirage!
Great deal on rooms tonight
Did good at Jackpot Block Party
This room is sooodope. Toally wrth the extra money for a suite
Penn & Teller show. Amazing.
Corner suite is huge!
Make sure and see Penn and Teller!
Skip the shuttle and take a cab
The hotel room is nice but the casino is whatever!
It's wow!
Voodoo Lounge
Room smells like smoke, old tv oddly positioned but very helpful staff.
Me and Nique spendin some QT together :)
Mini vacay... Goin out with the girls tonight!
At the pool sippin on a bay breeze with Nat!!
Here for Penn and Teller. Love the cocktail waitress outfits.
Nice pool! Great music and waterfalls. Only downside is no outside drinks allowed.
Nice hotel with spacious rooms. Wish it had a bigger pool but the DJ is good and kept playing great music.
Checked in and check out. Heading to Venetian for 2 more nights
First time stay @ Venetian, and my wife is impressed.
Party rockers in the house tonight
Vivaaaaa las Vegas!!
Yummy seafood buffet!
Second night here, cloudy but hot
Peepshow
WSOP Event 54
Breakfast at a HOB
Rockstar Karaoke
One of the nicest rooms I've had in Vegas.
World Series of Poker coolest thing here.
Penthouse level is the only way to Rock!
Check out Lucky bar and Cherry!
Very nice suites. Nice Jacuzzi tub in pool and soft beds.
Masquerade !
Ballin'
EVO game nerds uniting!
Evo 2k11
And it begins!
:)
Cheap $1 blackjack after you've lost all your money at other casinos
Ohhhhh yeah!
Somehow only down 25....
Hi
Pretty chill here ... younger crowd
Defcon 19 :-)
Yay!
Last night. F* it. Haha
Lion King. It was AWESOME.
Nice rooms!!!
Amazing. Such a clean resort
Finally!!!
Beer Pong!
Bustling because of a slot tourney
Tables are packed
Rooms are comfy. AC could use more power.
Place is a maze - ugh.
New Octavius tower - schweeet!
Octavius Tower
Cheaper table play...
Relaxing in the sports book...
Pretty smokey in here
Bit run down
Bit outdated
You can't purchase milk until 6am.....
Mile of stores are pretty cool
First stop.
Too cheap to pay for a cab. Using the free shuttle.
Free suite upgrade. Awesome.
Vegas Baby! Thanks for the comped room even though I've never stayed here.
so suite
CES
Contact Tavo for anything Vegas!
Buffet time!!!!!!!
Morning buffet and then back to Cali!!!!
Play LOTR penny slots. I won!
Long long long lines and wait
Nice rooms, heated pool, machines only gambling.
Kickin' it old school!
Nyeeee
Buffet is not as good as b4.. The stay here is ok, rather stay in the strip..!!
Always a nice stop. Floor show is great and free
The older 1st hotel building rooms can offer a great strip view, but are getting a bit worn and tired. Ask for the newer hotel wing rooms.
TGIF has a bar in the casino. The happy hour drinks are much better then the casino bars
Casino membership card booth lady was NOT friendly or helpful. 1st and last time we come here
Someplace nice to just walk about.
Got upgraded to a huge suite!
W00t
Long line for check-in, I tell you what...
Samba de Janeiro, baby!!
Roulette!
Less hectic feels better...if that's your speed.
Something cathartic about playing slots and listening to The Beatles.
Be warned. Sometimes they move checking from 3pm to 10am. Grr.
Where it all began...and for the last time. :(
Baccarat
Check in
Baccarat Baccarat...... Dealer or player
Ready for the weekend !
Music, tables, alcohol, let the festivities begin!
Ready to rock m roll
Jackpot party time
Avoid #theRio like the plague. Deposit of $200 on a $75/night room and will not take debit cards without placing hold on your cash.
2 screw drivers for 6 dollars? Yes please!
Lounging at the pool  with a strawberry lemonade frozen vodka :)
The craps table has not been my friend this week.
If taking a red eye flight out of Vegas , on the weekends check into the rio for the day for a cheap place to keep your stuff!
Stay on a higher floor
World series!!
Beach!!
Summer time fun
Edc
Pool party
Penn & Teller!
WSOP
Back again one week later
Don't miss the Show in the Sky Thurs-Sunday. Its fun to catch the beads from the flying boats.
Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. It's soooo gorgeous.
Lunch - with Stephen Nowak
Ahhhhh I'm back Vegas.....
Not the Wynn!
Cheap rooms.
World Series of Poker is here this weekend...what a coinky dink.
I'm still up...whoa.
Been here only 20 minutes and already saw five blushing brides...cheers!
Defcon with my hot geek;)
Corner suite!  Very sweet:)
Gorgeous lobby!
There MUST be a Mohawk convention here...They are everywhere, even some chicks have them, lol!
3rd floor rooms smell funny.
Buffet time
Shots!!!
Here!
Hot!!!
Lunch with the fam
Thankgoodness for free WiFi...these kids would go nuts!!!
:)
3rd time today at buffet line.  Long line at 812pm
whweeeeerreeeerreerreeeeeeeee!!!!! e004 66$4
Nice spacious suite on 3rd floor.. But seriously? Tube TVs and showers with low pressure and not-so-great shower heads. Friendly staff.
Good buffet!
Free shuttle to Sam's Town then catch the free shuttle from there to Fremont.
The mojitos in the casino are divine. Camp out at a penny slot machine. Tip the girl a buck and she'll keep them coming.
Mojitos...nectar of the gods!
Just spotted Jen Harmon in the Ivey Room playing poker!
Daaaaammmmm!!!
No clouds today... time to get my tan on!
Chippendales!!
Fuck this place and their stupid dress code for men.
The shuttle sucks--100 people in line and a bus that seats 25. You do the math.
Go see Kristine for a pedicure and manicure here at Rio
Maybe get a room on the north side of the hotel.
This place was just not what we were expecting. Wallpaper was peeling of the wall, toilet was leaking, my wife got sick from the food that was served. Just a horrible stay. And when I try to call maintenance, they told me to call back later. Pathetic.
Love this place a Keurig coffee maker in early room
Eddie Griffin; great show!
Don't stay here. Worst rooms ever... Poor customer service.
After new years the rooms are so cheap
Drinks are weak except long island iced tea
if you must stay here which I wouldn't recommend them please request of the monaco tower...much more updated but slightly smaller
Ask for a room overlooking the golf course. There's a beautiful lake view. Go to Vince Niels Cantina inside the hotel for happy.hour 2-5pm $5 drinks/appetizers and a free arbrush tattoo with purchase! Rooms are clean and modern
This hotel is old and off the strip. Didn't have a smoking room I requested!  The voodoo nightclub wouldn't let me in because I was wearing Nike's and a matching warm up outfit?  Come on I've been solicited by hookers in that nightclub.
This place sucks rhinoceros cock, rude staff and front desk managers. I would recommend coming here to shit and not necessarily use a toilet to do so. If you are coming here or plan on staying here expect to be treated rudely like your lucky to be here and the staff is preoccupied by better things then helping you. I was online and requested a upgraded room and have stayed at multiple Ceaser's entertainment properties and have ALWAYS been told if an upgrade was available AND what it would cost.
Waiting in the players card line is a joke.
Dump they remodeled but as the saying says. Just lipstik on a pig
Some rooms have a connecting door and you can hear everything. Try and get a room without those doors.
It is awesome rooms are great price is affordable. The shuttle runs every 30 min to the strip. Buffet is the best. I recommend the 24 hour pass.
Checking in could be a rough experience if you're not in vacation mode.
Don't let the fact that its off the strip discourage you!
Chippendales!!
Sports bar staff is efficient. Resort fee is bullsh&t. I'm sold but only at half price...
Nice view of the strip. Suite room.
Lost 1500 on roulette, should have walked away instead of reloading.... Hopefully I earned total rewards comps?
Dirty, old , room service hour and a half (serious) get me the F out of here !!!
Wouldn't stay again not my style - it's outdated not hip plus I am a sore loser
Not sure yet
Love the hard rock jus not the rooms - always looks dirty and today mine was - yuk had to wash my feet after stepping on the bathroom floor - so what's the carpet got cookin?
Walked from luxor to here shit not again lol
The day of check out someone (I'm guessing housekeeping) takes the do not disturb signs so on your checkout day lock your doors if you want a last minute checkout.
20 fee early check in
great customer service from von !!!!!!!!! when i picked up tickets for penn and tellrr
mgm geand garden arena ufc 162 silva vs weidman  vegas. !! baby with the whole fam damly
Michael Jackson one !!!  Lets do this Vegas baby !!!
View of one of the pools !!!  Las Vegas !!!! Happy fourth !!!
Membership has its advantages !!! Lol
Last night here .... great week !!! Back to the grind !!!! Continually improving !!! Look forward to coming back next year !!! Picture pool # 2 and 3
Looking for a great timeshare co ... Check out world mark were in the way up !!!
New pool furniture.. Updated room nice 3 bedrooms
The shuttle between the Rio and strip is stupidly tiny. Not enough capacity to support carrying people back and forth. I will never stay here again.
Make sure you're at the Ipanema Tower. Masquerade tower is like going back to the 70's
Manny fight later
Try pho at the Rio
Rio stopped the mardi gras parade!
Great meeting space for events.
Great hotel!
Get rooms and food!
Terrible experience. Rude staff, dirty outdated rooms, not at all as advertised.
My wife likes the video black jack here.
Majestic lions pay out like crazy
Got here in 3 hrs weeee!
Ghetooooo hotel!
Pickpockets. Roaches in my room. Accosted multiple times by  prostitutes. Stay away unless you are into that sort of thing.
Free blanket with your total rewards card and I.d. today!! ...stay warm.
Penn and Teller!
$25 Craps?? No thank you.
Its a great place to watch shows(like penn and teller) but that's about it.
If going to a convention here ask cabbie to drop you at the Convention Pavilion. It will save you lots of walking and time.
Bring your own K cups and save on coffee in the room.
Won't let you check-in before 4. Has cheap rates, but high resort fees. Also, they require a $50 per day incidentals hold on your card. New HRH tower will cost upgrade fee.
Go find another place to stay! That's my tip.
My fav hotel by far in Las vegas!!!
Free pool to locals! Great hotel. Little out dated inside.
Get reservations during the mid wk for special rates that carry through the week. Park on the south side if your going to self park, lot more foot traffic to keep your car at good visibility and lighting...!
Platinum has its COMPS....no waiting in lines.....Free suites and Green Ham & Eggs!  Truly the best Hashbrowns I have ever tasted....I asked for extra crispy....G
So far not a good impression. After a long wait (and after three people cut in front of me, since there are too many lines to reception), I was first called "sir" out of habit apparently, then I was called "sensitive" by another customer service rep. I was almost not given my promised king room, but I'm sure they realized how inappropriate everything went, they gave me an upgraded room to compensate. Internet has a charge of 13.95 a night (they still do that?!) & its not the prettiest of rooms.
At least it's cheap!
Not nearly as smokey as many other casinos, and all the restaurants have vegan and vegetarian options, which is rare on the strip.
Finally, SMOKE FREE! Beautiful rooms, quiet, immaculately finished. Who knew Donald Trump could have decent taste??
Upgraded to VIP..... Yessssss
Get a room from the South Tower if you can!
Casino Looks really run down... Stay on the strip. Only reason we are here is cause the wife and her gf wanted to see chippendales. Lots of old timers and people that look like they have a gambling problem.
free wifi!
Last day :(
Samba suite 34 th floor ! Love it !
Way better than the Luxor. The hotel smelled good, clean and friendly service.  Although the pool didn't have enough pool chairs. Good overall.
Very smokey.  Wish they have better ventilation
Only one wireless device can be connected for free if you are a guest here.
Wow no free Wi-Fi??? :(  no clear communication either...
Bring money haha
Midweek rates and less crowd are worth the days off:)) No weekends for us!
Love the oversize rooms here!!!
Love using to old coin machines!
Room service takes forever. Ordered a carafe of coffee and it took over 1 hour!!
Needs some major updating! I almost fell through the floor and they have ugly souvenir cups! It's an okay hotel, I've experienced better!
Only stay here if you're willing to take a taxi to the strip or walk at night, too hot during the summer...also Chinatown is not too far if you want to check that out
Check out the free show.  Clown did chinese yoyo and there was aerial silks which looked pretty cool.
Go Go Dancers at the Masquerade gaming area. Is that why I kept hitting when I had 20. Lol.
First time coming here even though it was my 6th trip to Vegas.  Was not impressed at all.  The casino looked small from the second floor.
I didn't stay here, but my slot treated me real well--$476.00. That was half the cost of my trip.  Vegas baby!!
Great time at Rio Sports Book.  Sara our server was fantastic.
Nice clean modern rooms. Great views. Take advantage of the shuttle system.
They have an Art-O-Mat!!!!!
The Rio is a great place overall and Martorano's is a unique Italian Restaurant you have to try! The Eggplant stack appetizer is a big hit!  The Rio as a whole is professional and hospitable. Just don't play local joker poker:)
Rio's Carnival in the Sky show closed down, as of Mar 2013. Sadly, that seems to have killed off the vibe here. Only reasons to visit now are the Carnival Buffet and the Voodoo Lounge. Catch free shuttle to/from Rio at Bally's or Harrah's.
Ughhh!!!! The check in process is ridiculous!! In an hour we barely moved two feet. I hate this hotel and I haven't even seen the rooms yet!
Ask for a room in the newer tower. A decent place to stay at a lower price than a hotel on the strip. I will be back.
Be careful of long weekends booking. This place gets super packed with events and visitors!  Drunken party people will holler loud down the hallway outside your room at early hours of the morning!
Bad hotel.
Ask for an upgrade. It wouldn't hurt just to ask.
Do not stay here. Or I will curse you! Or they will lol
Seriously the slowest front desk service in the whole wide world?! Why does it take each customer 25 mins to check in?? LIKE WHY?! I'm over you
Cell phone reception sucks here :(
Completely satisfied with this hotel choice during my very first visit to Montreal two weeks ago. Review to come...
Horrible front desk service. 1 attendant checking people in at night and 3-4 during the 11 AM checkout rush. Brilliant.
Here referring in the 39th BCAPL National Championships.
OK APA National looking Good
Never never book in this hotel there is no security they don't care about your safety at all i was sleeping in my room and someone come inside my room took my laptop bag and my passport my phone watches every thing that can be stolen and when i told the security they were trying to make it my fault and they trying to makes me thing that was my friends .. Finally if you want your safety don't stay at this hotel and if someone need proof i have the police report and the security.
Finally made it to the Star Trek Convention. Looking forward to seeing Picard and Q.
Great food!
Careful when gambling. Dealer Shawn Grissom professes on his Facebook to advocate for  the death of police officers. Here is the proof
If you're not a fan of contracting hep, stay far away from this place.
So far not a great start ... I've been waiting for my room for hours!!!
Jessica from Australia is an amazing cocktail waitress
Sunny beetches, sexy beaches, kawktails & mocktails.
Great hotel. Very clean and nice rooms.
Tried to get on internet for work had trouble all evening...
This place is a dump! I will never stay here again!
Place is nasty
Furniture in my "Samba" suite is falling apart. Yuck. I'm leaving. Bellagio here I come
Just huge hotel without good service
WSOP is handled very very well. I just hate that the hotel itself seems to be falling apart and all my favorite restaurants close quickly.
Buffet so reasonable good roast beef and prime rib steak
Nice hotel close to many hang out places on the strip. Though a little expensive.
So the poker Olympics 2016 are At the Rio while the rest of the Olympics are In Rio
Great stay, clean, comfy, and great area
Horrible customer service bad experience over all..never again will I stay at Rio
Waited 2 hours just check in.    Enough said.
Starbucks on premises is open 24 hours on Fridays and Saturdays!
Fitness center located in Spa and Salon. Go towards Penn and Teller Theater, across from Starbucks.
If you checked in 12/24 or 12/25 complain about the gym was closed they give you a $10 credit.
The toilet is Seperated by a door with slots, so you can hear people taking a dump.  Only In the Ipanema tower.
Gotta love the pool!!!!
Nice price but a bit expensive.  Room was great with good view of fountains.
Cool volcano
Thank you M Life for the opportunity to expertise The Delano.  The views of Las Vegas Blvd are better then great.
Horrible annoying stupid sounding name...pls.change it A.s.a.p.
So pretty with all those sparkles!
Oh man......
Craps tables bitches. Keep it classy.
takin your donations 'til 3:30 this afternoon
Check your bank account.  Make sure they credit your deposit back.  We had to call. But the staff is very helpful and apologetic
No working wifi! So finish business and personal calls before you go there.
Great. Service and the food is great too.
With the family.
With the family...
Great gumbo @ courtyard cafe!
gorgeous hotel with lots of shopping!
Nice suites!
Lunch is on :-)
Zumba with Dale Baca
Dinner is served and we are full two ticks
Jazz at the park
Vegas!!!
Killing this buffet!!!! Prime rib is BOMB!!!!!
This casino is really nice.
Skip it. For the price there are MUCH better places to stay on the strip.
Super staying here. Super going to Vesper bar.
2 bed suite for large parties! Leapin lizards, Daddy warbucks style!!!
Vegas dot com 100 buck vouchers for only 80 bucks at costco, means 20% off bookings and show tix!
Take a pic in the lobby that changes colors! Designated camera whore's job. Theres one in every group :)
Great location on strip.  Friendly staff.
30th anniversary with my beautiful bride
Blvd pool.
Fun place for locals and tourists alike :)
Late breakfast/ lunch early dinner --crab legs and crepes yum!
Steele pulse
Power nap pls! !
Fast pick up at airport. Don't take a cab. Call for shuttle.
Midnight premiere of TITANIC!
Party!
What the...
Lounging poolside before flight back to reality.
So sad... Another institution in Vegas is saying "Goodbye" :'( Thanks for 59 years of service!
who will be the one!!
machine blackjack~
Clean and comfort~cheappppp!!
Royal
I work here in the spa , and love it love it love it!!!! And also they have one of the best steak house, oyster bar and buffet in town!!!!!
Valentina's special: 50 min massage and 50 min pedicure both services for only $140 from feb 4th to 17th...
California residents get 2 for 1 on any massage till August 31....
Black Friday weekend special, spa mio buy one service get one free from Friday to Sunday !!!
New year special , buy one service get second one for only $ 20.14 on jan. 1st , 2nd and 3rd!!!!!!!!!!!
$3.99 steak & eggs!
You can't get into the hotel from the parking garage...
Studio room sleeps four-- awesome room at the palms place !!! But don't order the shrimp Cesar salad- yuk!
Europe in Nevada :)
Love The Joint! & Johnny Smalls! Looking forward to hanging here for my 30th B-day! Yea!!!
#MDW
Checkin in with my lady :)
Getting ready to watch "O".
At the liquid pool! Come down! A lot of hottie chicks
24 seven restaurant. 7.99 prime rib from 10am to 10pm
Feel free to contact me for Free VIP Guest List entry, table reservations, or any questions about your party in Vegas. Free is the way to go... 702-810-3311 Please plan ahead.
Feel free to contact me for VIP Free GuestList Entry, table reservations or any questions about your Vegas needs. (702)810-3311 Text only. Free is always the way to go. Please plan ahead.
Feel free to contact me for VIP Free GuestList Entry, table reservations or any questions about your Vegas needs. (702)810-3311 Text only. Free is always the way to go. Please plan ahead.
Animegacon
Close to Strip; 24 hour shuttle to casinos, grocery store, and airport. Concierge is great.  Pool area very nice and comfortable
The 2 Bedroom Deluxe w/queen size beds is the best.  Also, no elevators.
Pool area at LinQ Hotel you must be 21 & over. Under 21 you use pool at Flamingo
It's definitely a Hot, 21 & over spot
Remember, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas :)))
Geo holiday,vacation resort,"free gifts" SCAM SCAM SCAM BEWARE!!!
Lions exhibit for Shiloh
Home for the week.
Home for the night
Nap time
Done for the day
All you eat country fried steak!
Look at the game tape
Got my shuttle pass
Love those comps
Great scene
Worst hotel in Vegas! Do not stay here! No water pressure, bed bugs, bad air conditioner, and hookers everywhere (you can hear them in the hallway while you're trying to sleep). Don't stay here! Go to harah's or el cortez if you want a cheap room.
Star Wars event
Nice hotel for those who enjoy strip life but want a more calm scene to sleep in!
Make sure you don't bring anything refrigerated due to the refrigerator is full with hotel things that will charge to your room. Also, no microwave or blow dryer for the ladies. Sorry!!!! Be prepared!!!!
Dont waste ur time at the spa it sux
Villa pizza in food court has some great pizza
don't. ever. gamble.
Fire volcano is making me sober... Must... Get... Away.....
I totally ran forehead first hardcore into the glass doors cuz I thought it was open. It's gonna leave a bruise I'm sure
Still wasted... going to dip in the jacuzzi in my suite. Damn this room is spacious
Ballys las Vegas I love this place! Awesome value and 24 hour buffet pass here I come!
occupy vegas!!!!
Studios are very small.
Morning after mr belvedere
No Smoking anywhere in the hotel, even in a "smoking room". Tiny balcony off room, okay to smoke.
Great location at a good price. Convenient stores nearby to stock up the full kitchen.
Love it.
Nice but old geezers everywhere!
Amazing and definitely a pleasant surprise!
Sweet service !
Here for the Buffet!
Good location and a balcony with a view of the strip
Just right off the strip, stayed 5 days. Nice, clean with a kitchen, perfect. Fatburger next door which now has a bar. Stop complaining about internet, you're in Vegas,you should be out!
Great customer service and housekeeping!
Studio room is perfect for 2 people. Very clean, and has microwave, mini fridge, coffee maker, and dishes. Bed pulls out of wall, but turns into couch. Perfect location on strip.
Checking out this whole vacation ownership thing
Awesome service & the room was cute. Very family oriented.
So much fresh air! Something you can't get walking on the strip or going to casinos :P
If you come here while it's snowy, the reception/check-in is near the bottom/near the blue building with orange jeep.
Free WiFi if you are a resort member, for sure. Maybe so for all now. Ask.
Will update review upon check out. So far so good.
Be brave ......be very brave
Don't ever go here
Day 2, we found out the coffee maker is broken.  Only two more nights....
I read someone say something about $5 parking. Free Guest Parking on the lower levels SON!
Comfy and affordable. Friendly staff and nice location.
I hate them. Thieves
If you were wondering what it's like to live with a telemarketer stay here. Have literally said no to bullshit timeshare presentations multiple times a day, they even call your room!
Go for the $25-all-you-can-eat-ALL-DAY-LONG deal.
Stayed here over 10 years ago and it's still the same. It sucks! Rooms smell, carpet tacks stabbed my GF and the staff attitude sucks!
Do not stay here. Plain and simple.
Do not stay here. Plain and simple.
Ballys, great hotel on the strip for a great price!
Been staying here for years!
Nite nite
Just waited 2hrs in line for the roller coaster and were next to board then it got closed due to high winds!!!
I wonder if this place is pager friendly...
Yeah Baby!  Freakin Vegas!
You pay for what you get.
Are people f-ing blind?? This place is a dump.  The Capri building looks like a ghetto alleyway.  I can't believe they charged us $500
I'm getting married here today 10.10.10!!!
Only downside to the rooftop pool is the glass surrounding the area isn't sturdy. The height isn't as tall as it should be.
This place is amazing!!!  Review to come.
Customer service is excellent here.
Starbucks at Excalibur doesn't yet accept Starbucks card. Lame.
It's seen better days. Time for a refurb IMHO.
Those inclinators are trippy.
It's the epitome of Vegas!! Plain and simple. It's got everything. And I mean EVERYTHING
Awesome modern architecture everywhere.
Most awesome hotel on the Strip!!
Lobby is on 23rd floor. Great bar too.
Trash-tacular.
If you want to avoid the summer heat, take the walkway connecting the Excalibur, Luxor and Mandalay Bay!
Cheap, clean and fun!! Gotta go to Dicks!
FINALLLLY here and now like 45 min wait to check in even blehhh
Lakers playing softer than gelato. Step up your game son!
Stay classy San Diego!
They have heaters!
The escalator to the entrance is still not working.
They have the Fun Dungeon in here.
The middle escalator is still closed down =(
Really crowded with little kids everywhere x.x
Very nice place! Classy looks.
Very nice place.
There is a big arcade!
The strip is closing down soon.
So crowded here!
Woot for monorails! =D
Not a lot of people here.
This place is huge! Italian designs everywhere.
The lions are not in the exhibit.
Not really that great.
Long line!
The line is long...this is crazy!
Lots of shops in the forum area.
The parking lot is under construction...
So cold right now.
Bridge closes at 6:00 p.m.!
Time to go eat! Too bad there aren't any good places here for lunch.
They have door openers here.
Not too crowded right now haha.
Lots of people here!
Thunder down under for a-Ron!
Damn, this place suxx!
Sunday brunch. Mimosa, pendeja!
It begins now...
Cathouse!!!
Ahhhh! Just arrived in style!
Damn, check in line hella long! :(
For Haze afterfight!!
Here!
Pay the extra $ and stay somewhere nicer. This hotel isn't any better than a motel 6
Hello, Vegas. I missed you too.
Don't stay here
Home got the night...sleepy time =}
Good hotel for the price, only bad thing is timeshare salesman. Just say out loud" OHhhhh Nooooo ". a lil rude but they won't bother u again
Weigh ins.
Good deals and fun machines.
Very cool. It's all decked out for chinese new year.
Bring a 40oz in a brown bag so you fit in.
Sweet prices for a Sunday!
Spring break. Cheap hotel, but who spends that much time in their rooms on Vegas anyways??
This place is a wee bit dirty...oh well, it's Vegas baby.
The tables are hot!
Nice night in Vegas
Just a quick trip
Wish you were here!
Spring break!
Book rooms in Tower 2. They've just been renovated an have flat-screens, if you plan on sitting around watching TV.
This place is so old.
Wow major upgrades to the shop and food area...
$1 beers
They need to do some major upgrades quick!
Upgraded room in Tower 2 was worth the extra money.. Even my wife liked it!
Smells like sauerkraut
Fake fucking sky.  Oh me oh my
Rehab end of season party.  Wow that water looks foul
Go to the midway if you have kids
Tower one is disgusting. Always stay in tower 2!
Stay in west tower. Nicer rooms, away from pyramid, and recently updated. Everything was clean and private.
Ants in bathroom. Dirty and old lobby.
Not the best place I've stay in in Las Vagas. It is clean, needs to be up dated!
:)
Craving buffet
Happy hour
LOVE the Crashers!!
I'm going to the less high end casinos today.  Just lost some money at tropicana.   Roamed through imperial :)
Time to stop slumming
This hotel is sweet!
7;00am buffet dont sleep
smokey casino but nice "widescreen rooms"
this place is a lil seedy... but brings out the kid inside :)
Staying here next visit... they have so many affordable food options :)
Nasty. Avoid. Trust me.
Having the most epic vacation of my life right now. Best 21st birthday present ever! Three more days and too much to day.
Dude if the Luxor is shaped like a pyramid and has a giant sphinx. Why isn't it more themed this is lame. I want some mummy strippers.
I just wanted to thank the Excalibur for the best 21st birthday ever. And the funnest time in my entire life. No joke, hands down.
Woke up to the sunset
hipster hotel! art everywhere
$5 black jack table!
Luchie...awesome front desk staff
Closed circuit event..let's go Pacquiao
Grabbing a cab after the race... it's CRAZY here
Not as nice as Bellagio
Party time, kids!!!
Rooms have decent beds!
Slots section not all that smokey, unlike TI
French toast and mixed seasonal berries - carb up!!!
This place rocks... check out the sale at Barneys NY
Tons of great places to chill, including Espressamente Illy, Otto and CUT lounge.
nicely remodeled rooms ^^
One of the best rooms we've ever stayed at ;)
Finally arrived after all the traffic
Kind of divey!
What. Gorgeous day out. Pool is open!
Pretty quiet after last night! Plenty of Zumanity tickets available.
Huge line to buy tickets for BODIES/titanic.
Great live band outside Lupo and Red Square.
Only 2 and a half stars? I think it's pretty nice and clean, great for the price
Box office to pick up tickets opens at 9am
Pretty big rooms
They offer massages while playing
Blue Man Group
First time!
Has lots of $5 black jack tables
Cow and fish game!!
Last day
Hello vegaaaaaaassssss!!!
Checking in after winning $150!!!
First time!!
Widescreen room not bad.
great, cheap craps
Cheap craps, great people watching, terrible smell...
This place is legit! It puts the United Club to shame.
C
Vegas baby let the part get started !!!!
Getting ready to check out
poker tourney is only 20 deep for $50. 4th place $87
Undergoing renovations.. messy frontage
The tram has two stops here..when you're coming from Mandalay or Luxor, the second stop is closer to the strip.
The tram isn't running today because of the strong wind.
Happy hour 2-6...the "chicken tenders" includes fries and three chicken strips and should be listed as a kid meal.
Uncomfortable beds!!!!
Shower has amazing water pressure!!
Ask for one of the remodeled rooms! The difference between the two is quite noticable!
Its go time!!
Non smoking room more pleasant than smoking. No fridge
don't book through a non-direct method (ie a travel site). they look down their nose at you for it.
Sitting through a 3 day ' discharging taxes in consumer bankruptcy cases '. Wish it was a different hotel but at least the the material is good.
Sat June 8: 3-4 hour wait in check-in line, business fail!!
Beware of the vacation village idiots
1 last chance for fun before heading home
Horrible waste of time.  Steer clear!
Simply fun and comfortable
Tower 2 floors 18+. The view is amazing! Good price for a few nights
Checking out the Kardashian Khaos store. The things I do to keep my lil one happy.
Love the comfortable beds! The blackout shades do wonders! Slept until 10am thinking it was barely 6-7am.
Love this hotel/casino! Rooms are always clean and very well kept. The slot machines seem to be generous (then again I was playing the penny machines) definitely coming back again and again!
Walking around and being tourists.
Sunday nights are cheap!
Got a southwest fare of $28.  The room is ok.  Need to update linens in bathroom. Bath mat its falling apart and a view of top of the roof. Wow!
Night 2 check in.  salmon appetizer, bbq wing appetizer, fish & chips are Da bomb!  O yea & the Guinness
Tournament of Kings!
Beware, brides & grooms to be!!  If you leave any meaningful items in your room, Housekeeping will THROW it in the trash- including your top layer of wedding cake! Even if you haven't checked out yet! Guest services will check you out of your room without your consent!!
Me and hubby like it here! Great location and homey!:)
Waste deal
Dirty ... Spend the extra money and book at a cleaner hotel. Even though they have housekeeping "clean" the rooms, the sheets are still not changed. So gross. It was too late for me to change locations but if I could have I would have.
parking lot is not attached to the hotel
wow mgm properties suck -- cant cash out your sports bet across their properties -- caesars lets you
long registration lines! at least they give you water while waiting
classy joint
$25 resort fee ... no wireLESS internet ... called guest services to double check
30-min valet pickup
i love pina coladas
horrible cell phone reception for Verizon :(
The Hotel is oversold tonight, wtf! Downgraded to Mandalay, no suite.
Resort fee includes in-room wifi for 2 devices for 24-hours
didnt realize they moved the room away from centerfuge
free wifi in the entire property - no password needed
ask the concierge for dinning recommendations/reservations and nightlife guestlists!
paid wifi and $15 valet booo
no parlay on superbowl prop bets
Not pleased. Paid for an upgraded room and was told it was updated with a memory foam mattress. Immediately noticed the bed spreads  are worn the decorative pillows are ripped. Our beds are cheep hard mattresses. The walls are dirty and the tile in the bathroom is out dated. No coffee maker a
Buca di Beppo is here!!!
Better check in now in case I check out on these rides!!
So far I am enjoying this place...free parking, rather private, and the bathrooms are pristine! I think they named it the wrong state, given these qualities!
New "Chance" card for eventual NY-NY monopoly game, inspired by tonight's events: toilet pipe bursts in your bathroom, advance to free room upgrade, collect $200 for damaged hair appliances.
Lose here more often so they fix the escalators one day!
Two encounters with MGM today, 1st being a detour from a closed sidewalk, 2nd a necessary evil in order to find the Ka show. This is by far the most Labrynth-like resort, too frustrating to frequent.
Stop here for offloading of feces only. This is my new toilet for all future casino hopping trips.
Nice newer hotel/casino with unique shopping and an EA Sports bar.
First time visiting this enchanting castle-like hotel & casino. We did a 24 hour trip, and this is a good and cheap place to crash. Depending on the time and year this place can be as cheap as $40 a night!!! Please keep in mind resort fees. It is what it is though for the price.
Cheap room. Flat screen. One night stay.
If you dont care then this is the place for u ... If u want to feel at ease and relax go somewhere else. Shower sucks!
Don't play here. Stupid chink dealer guy is very discriminatory and manager doesn't give a fuck. Basically asked only me for an ID (I'm 30 stupid idiots) and didn't ask ID for my other friend who is 28 a looks older cuz he's non Asian. Fuck you ill never return here
Worst hotel ever, VERY CONFUSING hotel layout and design. Don't make this your honeymoon hotel or else you might get divorced the same day you check in as you guys will fight trying to find the elevator and your way through the hotel. No wonder it was cheap not to mention run down and dirty
Bad experience with Excalibur buffet not recommended! Worst food collection and not fresh either crab legs are cold and cut in half I don't know for what reason
More the buffet @ Luxor wasn't all that as compared to bellagios the only good part was at one price u can eat all day which was $35 food I think wasn't that fresh either. ... The only reason I paid for it because of the crab legs in the dinner which will worth the money.
My final check in at the castle :,(
Please renovate! I love this place
Arcade prizes are such a ripoff!
Arcade prizes are a ripoff!
encountered rude casino dealers, but not surprised considering all the reviews
Quiet and luxurious. Staff are very friendly and accommodating.
Very rude service!
Here on EDC weekend. All rooms were sold out!
This is a pretty good casino. I was playing roulette and I was up 200 until I was asked to "keep it down" because I was being too "routy." Carol should find another job if she doesn't want to deal with loud people wining.
A Game of Thrones tie in here would be amazing.
You should only stay here if  A) you are bringing children B) you are on a budget And C) you can tolerate motel 6 quality
Parade in lobby around 6:15
If the elevator has an arrow pointing up lit up, it is going up. A down arrow means it is going down. This arrow can help you decide if you should enter a particular elevator car.
13th floor on tower 2 was delightful!
Nice room, too many "sharks" time share sales people in the lobby
A beautiful Resort!!! Saw Garth Brooks here!! Great show!!! And the Lakeside Restaurant is worth a visit, did pretty good on the slots too :)
Beautiful hotel, nice rooms!! Enjoyed the the gondola ride
Love staying here!! The only thing is I think the pyramid inside is Mayan in style,no big deal, the Titanic exhibit is a must!! Seen it twice!!! :)
Ate at one of the restaurants, think it was the Mesquite  Grill but not sure :( any way had the best burger I have ever had. The kind where you tip the chef , now compare all burgers with it. All fall short :(
Have to say, staff has been very helpful and courteous.
8PM poker tournament
Late night snacking at earl of sandwich. Open 24/7!
Best poker in town :)
Wish they had more signs leading you here. Hard to find unless you ask for directions.
Manger and staff were very helpful when you remain nice. They helped me out with a difficult situation with Orbitz.
Came to check out the games for the kids.  So far so good!
Stay somewhere else.  Not too expensive but not worth the level of service provided.
Parking available in the compact zone behind the hotel.
Beautiful Chandeleir bar!
Here with the ball and chain ... And Gabi and mark
Avoid this food-court
Go somewhere else
Lots of old loose slot machines. won $900 total playing 6 different machines. yayyy!
Roam around the hotel/shoppes after midnight for good picture taking. Hardly any people, no photo bombers. :) yayyy
Dead celebrity art frames in their rooms never fails to creep me out
Good rooms and nice pool area. Couple of cafes open till late
Huge clean rooms. Bowling alley and movie theater in the hotel.
machines are tight here and venetian :(
Gotta love the smell of the hotel. Makes you wanna not leave
Nice to come here on thanksgiving, xmas & new year's day for amazing decors and great holiday atmosphere.
Fireball!!
Loving the food court, so many choices too pick from that are inexpensive!
Not going to be in the room a ton. We got a whole strip to see!
If someone ask you if you want a free show, I think youll have a better time in your own room...
You can hear everything that happens in the bathroom!! Except for the blowdryer cause ours was broken
If you wanna see a show, we saw Zumanity and ended up saving about 35% by using our players card (MLife). The ticket office is right in the front by the main taxi drop off.
Surprisingly not bad for the $28 a night im being charged
Avoid salespeople - they're the ones offering free tickets and a free stay next time.
Avoid anyone trying to offer you anything for free!
No!
Grab ice before you go to your room-ice machine is only on the 1st floor
Shower in tower 1 floor 27 room 47 smells like sewage , the on site plumber even said that and they did nothing to get us out of the room.  STAY AWAY FROM ROOM 27147
Outside sources are not always the cheapest way to book. Got an AMAZING deal booking directly on the website this time around. But I do days upon days of researching before I book ;)
It's horrible
The only good thing about this place is the price. It's really dated. There is popcorn ceiling, nasty carpet, and old light fixtures.
Cheap gambling and jousting, what more could you ask for?
Best cocktail waitresses and gambling in Vegas.
Yasss bish yasss
Quick Getaway
Peaceful weekend and my room was very clean.
Check in early if possible.
Exquisite rooms
Exquisite rooms, beautiful ambiance, a must do without the kids.
Have the registration desk connect your Wifi
Wow check in only took ten minutes
Leaving a review for checking  in. Julius was awesome! He was fast and courteous, making sure we were good before we left the check in desk. Exceptional  customer service!!! Hope everyone gets julius when you check in!
The Walmart of Las Vegas hotels. You get what you pay for.
Not the nicest rooms but super cheap. Makes coming to Vegas easier
Do not ever stay here. Just don't. Horrible.
There are a lot of families and kids here so stay away if that annoys you.
Avoid the timeshare vultures that jump on you as you walk in and after you check in.
The valet here is excellent. Always fast and easy to use.
If you're going to any of the clubs like Hakkasan on a weekend night be prepared for huge lines.
Be prepared for a long wait at the Valet as it's not set up as well as other Casinos on the Strip.
Don't take a room overlooking the pool if you want peace and quiet.
Book early and you'll have a good room.
Newly remodeled looks good
Be grateful for what it offers. That's a starting tip. it's a great hotel for a great price! Sure, it's not the freaking Caesar's Palace, but it's very great! Give it a shot.
Super pushy staff in the walkways trying to sell show tickets. Very annoying. Act busy and rushed to avoid being hassled.
Don't rely on the pathetic "free" Wi-Fi in your hotel room. More often than not, Google can barely load, so forget about using Facebook or Gmail. YouTube videos take longer to load on 240p than the actual video duration. And don't forget, they're charging you for this sad excuse of a "complementary" service with the daily resort fee!
Don't rely on the pathetic "free" Wi-Fi in your hotel room. Google  can barely load, so forget about using Facebook or Gmail. And don't forget, they're charging you for this sad excuse of a "complementary" service with the daily resort few!
Double check your bill before checking out! Be careful anytime you're around the minibar, including the items on top of the counter that can be easily moved by accident. We had to get a few erroneous charges removed from our room bill because the weight sensors were accidentally triggered. However, to their credit, the front desk was helpful and prompt.
Come say hey to bartender Bob at Sherwood Bar by Johnny Rockets.  Get a double lol
***NO WIFI IN THE ROOMS*** Just a wired connection, so if you're not here for gambling, you're going to get pissed at having to trail to the casino every time to check your email.
Give yourself at least half an hour to get to the airport on the shuttle. It goes to multiple hotels and costs $8.  Multiple companies operate in the drop off area.
People complaining about shuttle service. You have to actually call them to get them to pick you up.
EVERYBODY is here right now. For the budget & kids, this is the spot!
Great price and kid friendly.
Fun casino with lots to do for the whole family
The food is really this big!
The castle really gets me excited
Houston Heiress Anna Nicole Smith and best girlfriend Heiress Alice Walton HATE comparisons between Texas cities
The choice of fast and nose bleed fast wifi was a smart move for those who work in the rooms. Superlative desk and a propper adjustable office chair
Fauna and Flora
The outstanding value and the Egyptian motif.... that basically screams Art Deco!
The incredible and amazing Twin Towers
The authentic onyx bejeweled chandelier in the room foyer. REAL RUBY, EMERALD and other REAL stones isn't in Milan Italy and fabricated in Berlin Germany. LUXURY
Scrumptious authentic Egyptian artifacts from the River Nule (geuflect) adorn every nook and cranny. LUXURY
I dig that light on top,
It was just a once in a lifetime experience....but I did get to go to the top of Luxor and power on the 36 lamps, and six car sized bug machines.
I love waiting for security when I locked myself out of the room.  But never waste a chance to capture AUTHENTIC ONYX artifacts....priceless!
Three fat rans taking a break and chewing the fat
Still at Excalibur! Hello Kitty squeals with GLEE as the supper treats like shrimp and ribs appear!
The Art Deco meets Egyptian artifacts and lighting effects have transformed me into CLEOPATRA.
Prestigious gold encrusted dog enjoying morning Joe. It is fuck in freezing outside
The glittery EAST tower rising thousands of feet tall.
Random Art
fabulous furnishing
Glittery and expensive!
mgm complaints go to lpastor@mgmresorts.com  Update: measles outbreak at Mgm who owns Excalibur.  Be careful!
Send your complaints Ceo James Murren at murrenj@mgmresorts.com
Be prepared for a bunch of screaming adults year round. The crackling under your bed...well...just don't look.
Omg.  This place is owned by MGM Resorts. Lol!
This casino will topple and be replaced very soon.
Email complaints to lpastor.com
mgm complaints go to lpastor@mgmresorts.com  Update: measle outbreak at MGM who owns Bellagio.  Be careful!
mgm complaints go to lpastor@mgmresorts.com  Update: measle outbreak at MGM who owns NYNY.  Be careful!
mgm complaints go to CEO James Murren at murrenj@mgmresorts.com  FYI measles outbreak at MGM which owns this hotel
mgm complaints go to lpastor@mgmresorts.com
email complaints to the CEO James Murren at murrenj@mgmresorts.com  Update: measle outbreak at MGM who owns Mirage.  Be careful!
Mgm does write to apologize as Social M.  That's Lori Pastor.  She's available on Facebook.
Social M sure makes grandiose promises based on hot steam and smoke and mirrors.  Like a bad Copperfield Show.  Fix it MGM or go out of business.
The CEO is murrenj@mgmresorts.com.  That's James Murren.
Measles at MGM.  Karma.  http://www.cnn.com/2015/02/27/us/measles-in-nevada/
Told you so.  Mgm is filthy. http://www.breitbart.com/california/2015/02/28/measles-penetrates-mgm-grand-las-vegas-hotel-with-4-new-cases/
Mgm never responded so the social media war commences:)
complain to lpastor@mgmresorts.com
mgm complaints go to CEO James Murren at murrenj@mgmresorts.com  FYI Mgm has a measles outbreak.  Mgm owns Luxor
mgm complaints go to lpastor@mgmresorts.com
They provide an email address on yelp to resolve complaints but never respond.  Yelp for them is purely PR, not about their guests.
Still zero effort from Mandalay Bay to reply despite their team of social media deadbeats.
Ok they upgraded us after much goading to a huge suite. Love it. It will take work but you can get bumped up to a suite
Never leave the hotel...say for a buffet. MGMGrand is the new Circus Circus among buffet cuisine. Update: measle outbreak at MGM.  Be careful!
Beware bed bugs!
email complaints to lpastor.com
mgm complaints go to lpastor@mgmresorts.com
The owner will do anything to block February stay report when I paid $295 as a single parent while couples went free.  HUD violation.
Time share scam.  You can buy a timeshare here on the net much cheaper...but you shouldn't.
If you are a single parent that had to pay to stay at this time share report it to:  http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/topics/housing_discrimination
David Renzi moderates Yelp.  When he cries to yelp about a negative review try ripoffreport.com
David Renzi did get my review removed.  Don't bother with yelp go to www.ripoffreport.com
Old and played out. From your room its an hourly barbecue.
mgm complaints go to CEO John Murren at murrenj@mgmresorts.com  Update: measle outbreak at MGM who owns this hotel.  Be careful!
Complaints? email Lori Pastor at lpastor@mgmresorts.com  Update: measle outbreak at MGM who owns Vdara.  Be careful!
mgm complaints go to lpastor@mgmresorts.com  Update: measle outbreak at MGM who owns this hotel.  Be careful!
Beware the bed bugs. Bring your own pillows too.
Avoid staying here at all cost ; Bed bugs
Love this casino
Like this place
MY review after my stay
Humm
You have to pay $7 for the airport shuttle
Spacious and clean rooms. Become a Hilton rewards member so that you can get a room on a higher floor. Ask for a room with a view. The rooms with balconies go fast. The bed linens are incredibly scratchy and cheap. Modern furnishings in the rooms. Sadly, there's only an indoor pool.
I
Casino is truly like a dungeon.
Love it people are nice , very clean
This is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in even worse than circus circus.  Yikes
Great for kids.
To many prostitutes in the lobby.
Krispy Kreme is located here.
Thank you Lori P. We may give it another try in the future.
Beer Pong, awesome hip hop mixes, dancing and alcohol. What else do you need?
Beer Pong, awesome hip hop mixes, dancing and alcohol. What else do you need?
$25 resort fee and $3 tax on that fee... My tip - stay somewhere else. No in room fridge, old roulette tables, terrible (unfriendly) dealers...
Never ever waste your time & money gambling here!  Shady
$3 Blackjack!
Very good prices and nice Rooms
Bed bugs
Bring a cooler or stay somewhere else if you want a fridge. There IS WiFi and it is fast.
Upgrade to a remodeled room!!
$300 fee if you smoke in a nonsmoking room
Uber and Lyft pickup is at the tour bus drop off - On the side of hotel
Uber and Lfyt pickup is on the Valet side
Business center is currently being renovated so no computers to use.
Shower available
Dont do it...
I did not stay here but ate at their buffet for lunch. It  had a nice variety and was good.  Oh the price was OK not over priced like others.
We were told by Lori in guest relations that she would make our visit special...I'm super excited
There are no coffee pots...no full length mirrors and no bathtubs...
No coffee pots or fridge - can hear even minor sounds from neighboring room.
When you check in, they now charge $8 per night for a self parking fee.  This is above and beyond the resort fee, and will lead to the bill being higher than what their official online booking site will claim your bill will be.  Shame on you Excalibur!
These stars are jus for Jim with valet. Awesome
had to get their
Their customer service is horrible!!!
gHar-bah-gee
My poor Ebony turnt up too much!!! Patron no more!!! Happy 36th Birthday Love!!!
Lots of newer slots. Good verity in food court. No bathtubs :'(
Ok hotel. Well worth the money!  I would stay again!
Hey 40 a night to stay on the strip not bad
By far the best its a must
Go somewhere else. Seriously. It's Vegas. This is an embarrassment despite its history.
Don't stay here! Valet parking takes minimum 30 minutes. Terrible!! There are 2 lanes but 1 lane is blocked off! Not worth the wait to get into the casino.
No free show anymore. Tickets around $80
Make sure to get your parking tickets validated
Don't sit through the timeshare presentation.  Not worth it at all
They charge for parking 8$ each day and there is not enough parking !!
This was my 2nd time staying at the Castle. We had a resort room and a great view from the 23rd floor. Our room was CLEAN AND UPDATED! We didn't wait in line more the 10 minutes at check in, we didn't have to strong cigarette smell, and our bed was so comfortable. We will continue to see you every 6 months or so..
$5 craps tables! Enough said.
Fabulous Time.. Quality Time With Quality! Thank You! Xo
A week in Vegas, visiting three different hotels and this hotel is definitely the worst - a glorified motel 6 at best. Yuck!
Not cool - this entire place refuses to give you drinking water. There is not a drinking fountain that I can find and a purchased water is 4+ dollars. Bullshit and unhealthy - even the strip casinos give a cup of water.
The small poker room here is a good place to start playing if you're learning. They also offer free classes daily at noon - to teach table etiquette and rules.
Check in early if you can. Lines get really long around 6 pm, especially on Friday.
Use the rtc bus. You will see the machines to buy tickets at the bus stops. It goes up and down the strip until really late. 6 dollars for a 2hour pass.8 dollars for a 24 hour pass. 20 bucks for 3 day pass. Watching cheaper than taxi and easier than walking. If you are walking, use the over head bridges. A lot of the hotels are connected.
Check and scan your room if it is clean to your liking. Avoid all solicitors.
Resort fee's that were never mentioned. Shame on you scum bags
Terrible parking !  Starbucks not linked to rewards card  Pool not open
Finally made it
Good morning. Time for the pool
We are here....
Condos are going down fast...can't keep up with all the new hotels being built.
It's not as crazy as the commercial shows...
$25 resort fee and the wifi doesnt work..this place sux!
Stay in the main pyramid building
Go to the Jean Patisserie in the Aria lobby! Amazing pastries! Yum
Pool time
Chateau ;) free drinks with wrist band
Damian Marley n Nas @ the boulevard pool!
Where do the diamonds so I can sprinkle it on my food
Zzzzzzz...
Wow..90's hip hop tonight... Yeah boi!!!
Long check out line! Very slow
Smooth check in
Make sure to have your resort key ready to show security if you're going up to the guest rooms! Don't hold up the line!
This hotel was just imploded this morning at 3am! Clarion no more
If you can't feel the heat, you arent close enough!
With Meliner's and marco
Center strip. Ground floor. No casino noise. I'm on business, no need for the party. I approve!
Upgrade! =)
Came back from Cosmo. 8drinks of Jin n tonic won't get me drunk. But ill save it for tomorrow. I mean tonight.
Good night!  Big day tomorrow!!
Breakfast buffet!
16,000 people take-over of the MGM GRAND!!!
Je t'aime.
Getting a crepe!
Checking in!
decent prices,
A bit off the path, but a clean and cheaper option for staying in Vegas.
6/23/12 Construction next door that starts at 445am.  Ask before you book to make sure your room is not on the side of construction
Valet only
Rooms great. Buffet is superb but lines always long
Wrong AZ Charlie's
The Augustus Tower has its own free valet right at the bottom of the (super smooth) elevators so it's not busy. Nice!
Old school casino with newer feel. Ten mins from Las Vegas strip, different feel but still good times depending on what you're looking for.
Great spot for a mini vacay from Vegas, nice hotel, great amenities and fabulous restaurants!
It's good to be home haha :)
Resort fee is $26 a night. You'll get internet and gym access.
Early check in fee is $15 if you want to do It before 4pm...
CES badge
Relaxing and only a slight hint of cigarettes in the air.
Love rhe atmosphere, currently  featuring the Titanic exhibit.  Great location.
Many, many shops.
If you need a late checkout, ask them to charge you the $50 fee to extend your hours. It's good until 2 PM, but they will usually accommodate a bit longer.
Motown tonight!
Great service
$3 all u can drink champange lunch at the buffet!
Reasonably clean room. Comfortable, overlooking roof of casino. No complaints. Good deal for what I paid.
Tech guys didn't have 5 mins to Answer question!!!
Good dive bar.  Stick to simple foods.
Check out the Lobby, pretty cool!
Amazeballs
Stay at the Cal instead.
Use uour MLife card regularly.  I havent paid for my room at Aria ever.
Ask for a room with a tub
Don't park just yet..  Check in first and figure out what your room number is.  You may be able to get parking right in front of your room!
Only true Gay Hotel in LV - not a "we want your Gay money" Casino with walled off Gay Section, so "we" don't touch the straights...
Sensory overload... Amazing
I won $100 cash on the promo slot machines!
Has good cheap tables
Try to find the secret pizzeria in the city center
Beer pong is $23.50 here. Enough beer for 2 games
Staying here next time such a beautiful hotel right in the heart of the strip!
"O" cirque du soleil is worth every penny! Make sure you watch it! 5 stars all the way!
Gorgeous hotel I love it!
Would definatly stay there again nect time!
Another hotel I'd love to stay at!
Clean lobby. Busy. Parking lot is a ways away.
Madame Tussauds is here!!
My favorite hotel on the strip!
Oh Bill's... I can't wait until they tear you down and replace you with a better casino!
Beautiful hotel and never very crowded. A little pricey though!
Burberry, Louis Vuitton, Louboutin, and Ferragamo and then we're headed to Cheescake Factory...good Monday
Money CAN buy you happiness...
Bloomingdales, Louis Vuitton, Audemar Piguet...I'm in #heaven
Gorgeous inside and out.
Check out the beautiful indoor garden.
Don't forget to get your Eiffel tower souvenir cup!
There's an Eiffel tower ride!
Classy hotel! Gotta get on the gondola next time.
They have gondola rides here.
An old beauty.
Honestly the worst hotel/casino I stayed at.
Stay away like the plague.
Don't come here if you're looking for individual video roulette.
Way better than Caesar's Palace.
Hot hot hot!
Free and hot.
Super comfy beds!
Comfiest bed award goes to Aria!
Very trendy hotel!
Trendy and all around lovely.
Don't forget to get a picture with the shoe in the foyer.
The $20 "trick" worked! Our check in operator couldn't accept the twenty for upgrading our room, but she could accept it if we thought her customer service was superior.  We were upgraded to 18th floor with a fountain view!  She earned that $20!
Staying here instead if elara next year.
This hotel is awesome; however if you are not the walking type, do valet or have someone drop you off because have to walk through the miracle mile shops to go through. It is walking distance to The coke bottle or to Paris. To go to treasure island, you have to loop in and out of casinos.
Ask for room away from elevators  with a strip view. Check in at airport kiosk to get room keys to save time and avoid the mass of people in the lobby at check in
FYI... No coffee makers in room. Ref costs $35 so call ahead to add to room. Cardio room now included with resort fee. Yay!
Did you know their in room WIFI that you pay $25 resort fee for will NOT allow you to visit other area hotel websites. CRAZY .  You will have to use your 4G to do so
First time here. ...cheap room,  so we shall see!
Only go if you mistakenly brought your children with you to Las Vegas !
Tightest slots in Vegas,  stay away from them!
They have a Starbucks in the lobby. For you addicts lol
If you have a death wish, definitely come stay here and hang with the regulars.
More or less hell on earth.  I feared for my life walking around there.
Basic rooms cost +$25/night for a frig in the room....
Happy wedding to Joel & Renee Dumagan!
Magic show lol
Free WIFI everywhere!
Got picked for a free upgrade to a huge strip view suite! Sweeeeeet!!
Let's see...
Thanks Joe! Love it!
One of the few casinos that ive seen $5 War tables!
Dinner Time!
Checking it out!
Fat Tuesdays and shopping! (:
Not pet friendly
Extremely rude woman at the cashier cage
Wow the renovation is amazing.  Smells like coconuts in here and our room our is huge!  Club Nikki tonight
Stayed here in May, surprisingly it was better than I imagined it would be...we got a free upgrade!!
Seems like its a big casino but not enough roulette tables!
This is one of the more family oriented casinos it seems like but I do like the theme
Fun place but more of a tourist destination...i don't feel special coming here
Fun casino and hotel!
Fun place to be at, shops close early though :/
This is in my top 3 places in Vegas, I love the atmosphere!
Executive corner suite, I loved my stay here in September...everything was perfect!!! I'd stay here again and again!
Love the ambiance, the air feels imported, definitely in my top 3 Vegas spots!
Here again!
Friday night check-in: fast. Impressive.
Buffet!
Anddd, we're back at Vegasss!
EDC weekend!
Hugeee rooms
Complimentary 4pm extended checkout. Peace Vegass
Spring Break and the close down 3 of the 4 pools. Room smelled like sewer.
Smell the rooms before you decide to stay!
Check in on time or they might give your room away- obviously don't know the meaning of reservation.
Casino floor filled with smoke. Barely able to breath. Don't know how they ensure the health and safety of their workers.
The Linq promenade is the best part of the Linq
aSleep
Somebody's smoking in  Tower 1 2nd floor...very annoying!!! Pls help! These other guest are ignorant & illiterates.
Saw a cockroach...yikes
Nice resort...5 pools...awesome condo unit...very clean
Oh boy, more white archetype
Sleepy time for Paul
Best poker room!
Check out the foodcourt and shops downstairs. It leads to the spa and pool.
Casino tower rooms poolside let's you peep over the pool. Open the doors leading to the pool and listen to the music.
If rehab pool is not ur scene, try the west beach pool and the new sky bar pool for a chillin pool day.
Trump does glitz and glamour right -- without any of the Vegas excess. You are NOT fired.
I can't believe they raised their prices!! It's now $6.99 for steak and eggs #cheapasian ;(
Suntanning all day is hard work! Hydrate with a Bombay gin cucumber cooler...yeah, water is over rated ;p
Let's do this!
M Buffet!!
Finally
K, I used to like this hotel more a few years back!
Home sweet home
Ummm.... What do you mean you don't have shower caps???? NOT winning
We're Hereeeeeee
Time to say good bye
I'm baaaaaaack!!
Best hotel ever
Got one of the premium, newly renovated rooms for only $75 a night.
Home away from home for the next 6 days. These places come fully equipped, NICEY!
Love these suites!!! Now if they could only have ice dispensers in the rooms...
Home for today
Love the airport checkin service - makes getting to your room a breeze once you transfer to the hotel.
12.5 gallons of gas from San Jose to here!
Beautiful suites..
A weekend at the Cosmo..
Late night douchy. Nice pool. Awesome room service lady!!!
Yeah pirates!
Sweet place
Complimentary WiFi is a joke.. 3G is faster than this crap!!
Upgraded to a room with a view of the Wynn golf course.. Love it here!
long wait!
Yay for Sunday morning workout!
Enjoying the poolside cabana!
blingy casino
$75 get an autograph from Dennis rodman from art of music. But I got this photo for free ;)
Happy Memorial day!!!!
Our hotel!
Holy crap. Best hotel EVER
Vegas baby!
Ballin' ....
Onto the next!
First impression, small, stains on the sheets, odd layout and not worth coming back...  We'll see if that changes.
Well, second impression, the pool area is nice.  There is only one jacuzzi so it fills up fast.
Really big, nice, and a TV in every room!
This place has great deals and a good location.
Home sweet home! My favorite smelling hotel lol
Drinkin with Kamies boo thang
RECYCLED PERCUSSION! And valet is free... Tip em a couple bucks and you're good
The Garden is one of my favorite places
Actually checking out
BRMC minus 1 min!
One more time!
The Strokes!
Defending the caveman = paleo jokes!
Your face is a mirage!
Eat club eat!
Oh roulette you're the best
Found free wifi here. Just at this spot between the hollywood theater and starbucks. Surprised because its not from the coffee chain.
#smdaylv Steel Panther party!!!
Here to make "donations". ):
Love this hotel!! Got foie gras, Porter Robinson and major fist-pumpin on the mind!!! \^.^/
Some work and all play :D
Refreshed and renewed!!! Ready to wreak some havoc!!!!!! :D
One of the top hotels on the strip! Modern and clean!!
I loove this beautiful hotel!
The water temperature is great. The water is clean not like some say cloudy. However, it's a bit small but sufficient for weekday LV crowd.
From front desk to pool staff, all are very friendly with a human smile.
Craptastic! Avoid at all costs!
So far not my favorite hotel. Rooms are great. Mid priced dining not so great. But check out the view from Nova!
Wow super smokey. The buffet is dirty cheap, super crappy quality meat but the flavor is actually quiet delicious!
The conservatory changes 5 times a year; Autumn, Christmas, Chinese New Year, Spring, and Summer. It takes around 7 days of crews working 24 hours a day!
It's faster to walk from Arias self park, through the casino, to Vdara than to take the tram!
Stay in the towers.....so much better than staying in a pyramid room.
Pool side, chill hotel off the strip. Convenient and friendly staff. Working kitchen. Home away from home.
Very classy. Wide open and nice meeting place in the lobby.
Rooms are replete with accommodations - fridge, stove, micro, sink - and the staff is incredibly attentive and polite.
Nice place but 10am check out?? Yuck! The earliest I've seen!
Do it
They serve red bull here, just tip the waitress!
$20.00 rooms!!! Make sure to get a club card!
If you use foursquare you can get a free appetizer at Toby Keitha grill. Don't know how long it will last though
home for the rest of this weekend ...
hmmm poker or roulette?
Pool time! It's 104 here! Arghhhh.
Trying this out because supposedly the best seafood buffet in Vegas .
Finalllllly hereeeeeeeeee .
Why hello Vegas , we meet again :)
meh for $80/night
Upgraded to a suite fo freeee
3.99 steak n eggs!
Buffet: use the restroom before coming in the buffet area. no restrooms here.
Yup, here @ my 2nd home. Well really for Pete's moms bday :)
Vegas Wedding!
You can hear everyone's toilet flush around you. Not cute.
Get the world's best Bloody Mary from the most amazing bartender, Natalia, at the Central Bar!
Get the world's best Bloody Mary from the most amazing bartender, Natalia, at the Central Bar!
We're home @Cosmopolitanlv!
Buffet of buffets!
They have live Keno!  ;D
Monday and the Raiders lost. Don't F with me or my inner Gordon Ramsay will come out today.
Great slots. Pays well.
Nice hotel great kino
Smells fresh inside, not stuffy and Smokey like most casinos
Gambling my life savings away at this awful place
Old hotel that let's people smoke inside. I guess that is good is you smoke, sucks if you don't.
Request a north facing room.  The view is much better than south facing. Windows are small and they do not open. Nice flat panel TV's (if you get the upgraded room).  No fan in the bathroom, but good water pressure. It sucks that they charge $12.99 per day PER DEVICE for Internet.
The 23rd floor lounge is the exclusive place to be if you are somebody or know somebody.
Kahunaville!
They do not let you check in early.
Nice place off the strip.
The 23rd floor lounge at the Palazzo is the place to be if you know somebody or are somebody.
Rooms are great except that they do not have curtains, just shutters. Thus there is too much light day or night if you are trying to sleep.
Definitely a place for people that are young and looking to have a good time.
The Bond bar is a must see.
Small but nice place to stay for the area
They have this $8 dollar chip the year of the dragon look awesome
It was great
No wifi what hotel in 2012 has no wifi? Not available at any price. Harrahs sucks.
Love Comps!
Went there to gamble... Felt quite trashy and they constantly checking Ids. everyone looks  super young looks like high schoolers
At the piano bar watching Mike work!!
Game time :)
One of the goals that my kids have for this trip!
Mmmmm...dinner :)
Blue Man Group with Amy & the family!!
Love....
Home sweet home for the next week!!!
$1 Margaritas!
Roulette tables!
Hotel check in. Resort fee is about $22 here.
Rapid roulette time!
Love this casino!
Cute boutique hotel!
Very loud in here!
KGB burger bar
Don't come here...it sucks, plus no internet
Tip the taxi flaggers a little extra coin and they can make stuff happen from finding special delights to getting you to any part of the city ASAP.
Worship nights at Tao are the best if your looking for Asian eye candy.
Free shuttle from the property to Harrahs on the strip from 830am to 10pm. Kind of a hidden gym.
If a poker player, the the poker room is probably the most easiest room to get to from the hotel being right outside of the hotel elevator doors.
Look for the promoters walking around the property in the day time for 2 for 1 drink cards at The Deuce Lounge. It will save you some serious coin.
Wicked Spoon is the buffet at this casino but unlike any buffet I have ever had in my life, this one blew me away. Well worth the 30+ dollars. It is a must try especially of your trying to treat your date like royalty.
If you have the coin, Rehab the poolside lounge is your poison. Just make sure to have a lot of money for a really good time. Get the tropical punch.
great hotel. loved the Wyndham professional staff.
Gambling one time before leaving
Another Vegas adventure! This time all thanks to Steven Wynn.
Day 2. We're definitely wynning!!
Comped rooms at the Venetian! Ready to start my weekend!
Day 2!
Free mystery tickets??? Ok! Why not!
The Cosmo is my fave!
Starting my Vegas weekend what!!?!
Day 2. (:
Last day. Honestly one of my favorite hotel in Vegas!!! Everyone stay here at least once in your life!
Loveee this hotel!
Gettin fucked up or "white girl wasted"
Lesson learned
Poolside
Last day raging
#adios
Inexpensive room..no view, but only paid $24/night...close to fast food restaurants, across from Caesars palace, next to Venetian so that's a plus
Stay away
Bar and design are great here
Great place.  Modern and clean.
Here we go...
2nd leg of the journey down. Tomorrow L.A. Tonight beer.
Do not stay at Harrahs, unfriendly with bad customer service
This place is old. The layout,  the decor, the pool, the guests. But the rooms are big and clean. Nothing extra in the rooms: coffee machine or  Wi-Fi.
Disgusting rooms and poor customer service...  Find another place to stay!
The buffet Flavors is not handicap friendly.
Have a rental car and go downtown to play cheap.
Spend the few dollars more a night for luxury room, view of strip, comfortable beds nice rooms. We have stayed several times, we love service, luxury room and toby.s I love this bar, best fried Bologna sandwich. Great portions, bus right out front $8 for 24 hours worth it rather then cabs.
If you sign up for players club and get the playing chips $45 for $30. Plan to play it all it took us an hour to get the balance back as we did not like the tables. They say your $30 has no value. Never going back turned in our player cards.
This hotel DOES NOT have wireless! They do have complimentary shuttles to rio, a couple other casinos, and airport
Super deal and no resort fees to boot!  Rooms are as nice or better as Hampton Inn
Pleasantly surprised,  wasn't sure what to expect from previous reviews.  Had room 3454 in the carnival tower, not a great view but the room is great.  Very clean, updated.  Service has been spectacular.  Had a member of our party slip in the bathtub, harrahs staff all over it.  Would definitely return, great location.
Nope, nope and nope. Do not waste your money here. The rooms are tiny and have a faint smell of must. I would say if your 50 this is a place for you, especially if you remember it from the good ol days as it probably hasn't changed a lick since then.
Check in BEFORE 4 is such a hassle! Already disappointment and I just got here
Resort fee of $18 and no comp play, no worthy coupon book or no free show ticket. Hotel room was a joke with the AC automatically shuts on or off depending on motion sensor. There is no wifi, only uses Ethernet cord. Parking garage was very tough to find. Avoid at all cost.
Early check-in before noon is $40, or before 3p is $25. - Shuttles fr airport are a plenty for $8/pp.
Avoid long line when check-in by joining Total Reward membership beforehand (it's free). There's a different & shorter line for Total Reward member. Also it's very hard to find parking & no direct access from hotel to carpark, it's a littlehard when you have to drag along your luggage.
Redeemed $43 in machine. Got 43 one dollar bills....
Front desk was so rude. Only one person was willing to help figure out what was wrong with my reservation. Even the manager was kind of rude with a 'no can do' attitude.
Avoid at all costs!!
Holy... 25mins to check in!!?!? WTH!?
No wifi in this joint unless you're staying above the 30th floor. Want free wifi, go to McDonald's which is adjacent to the hotel on the left.
Worst customer service ever
The rooms aren't as bad as I thought. Just a plain room minus the wifi (weird).  It is located well on the strip.
Sign up for the rewards member card Thursday - Sunday, you'll get to try the million dollar pull :-)
They're doing construction right now, so if you're taking the deuce you'll have to get off a ways down if you're heading south, and then when you' want to head back north, you'll have to walk all the way to planet Hollywood to get back on unless you first walk south and cross over to the right side up the street and get on the stop down there instead of further up the strip
If you heard about the siren's cove show, it's no more, discontinued indefinitely. :-(
No Internet in this damn hotel room! Reminds you of the 80's!! There is not even Internet in the lobby!!
Crappiest hotel ever! I rather stay at a haunted hotel. Not sure what I was doing here. Must be drunk off my mind to stay here for the weekend. Lots of old people. Decor needs major work. Extremely cheap and affordable room rates for poor college students or underage kids who's partying in Vegas.
Decent hotel. Not the best, but not so bad. What I really like about this hotel is that there are a bunch of restaurants and shopping stores downstair!!!
They have the best bed I have ever slept on!!
One of the best hotel to stay at if you're in Vegas. They're center of the strip so everything is in walking distance. Popular club downstair so if you stay here you don't have to drink and drive. You can walk across the street to the mall. Very nice pool! I like the mellow side better, very relaxing. The suites have washer and dryer, and loaded kitchen. Free wifi for VIP members.
The check-in desk did not have very good service. The ladies acted as if we were bothering them or interrupting their conversations to check in. The service every where in this hotel could really use a pick me up! Everyone seems tired and irritable. The only good things about this hotel was our bed was very comfortable and it's conveniently close to Toby Keith's bar and the Carnival Court, which are out favorite handouts! Overall, most likely won't be staying here again.
It's a good place to stay, not great, but good enough!
My favorite hotel in Vegas hands down! Best rooms, shopping, food, clubs (Tao), gambling, design & architecture.
Room Service was friendly but food could've been better
Might as well use Total Rewards for comps, points etc.
Bet big to win big
The hijack WAS the new cutoff
Bluff me
There's hand sanitizer all around you.  Use it
Do not come here
40 min to check in. Crapy hotel. Will never come back!
Great location and the staff was friendly. No complaints !
Nice room, and good service. Would stay again.
Li from San Fran is AWESOME for blackjack.
Don't stay here
No free wifi FYI
Bus takes u between the rio and harrah's every 30 minutes and is next to the new Ferris wheel called the "high roller.l
If u get a players card at the rio & plan to go on the new Vegas Ferris wheel, you can get a free drink voucher  from the rio players club.
Good music playing throughout the hotel after midnight. Madonna, Annie Lennox, David Guetta. Can't stop listening.
Cake boss's Carlos bakery!
Take the tram from the back and forth between the Mirage and Treasure Island!
Wheel of fortune!
Zarkana tonight!!!
Posh, dark, modern: James Bond-esque! Maybe I'll stay here next time! Zarkana, Cirque de Soleil's newest show on the strip=Artsy acrobatics!
Connected to Bellagio with a walkway mext to the tram frol Bellagio to aria. Just a spa and hotel but probably super nice rooms!
Home sweet home....for now!
Smells like money and soap! Ahhhh!
Take the monorail in the back of Ballys all the way to MGM or all the way to SLS hotel near stratosphere! Saves energy instead of walking in heat!
Go through the air conditioned connecting breezeway from Bally's to Paris to save you from sweating in the heat!
If you like newer and modern room, stay in the Carnival tower.
No wifi, might as well leave your phone at home.
Park your own car and photo the level and location as its MASSIVE!
Don't leave a cash deposit when you check in. They'll give you the run around when you check out and leave you hanging at the front desk because they're "Confused".
Casino smells like cat pee
Make sure the sheets are changed. We got bed bugs.
Just confirmed they have a fitness center!! Looking forward to seeing it soon. 4th floor in the Carnaval tower. Only open from 7-7pm
Mini sampling from the pinball hall of fame
Don't get on the wrong elevator...you'll be lost. I found it humorous. Luckily our room was very nice when we finally found it.
Fitness center is INCLUDED in the hotel convenience fee which is rare for Vegas.  More will be in my review.
They have the deal or no deal slot machine. The good one!
Poker tournament Feb 25-March   7
They provide a pack n play for the babies AND it was clean! No stains, no smells.
Checking in after midnight equals horrible slow service. There is about 20 ppl in line and only 1 person to check in. Terrible!!!
They sincerely apologized and refunded me.
Shitty wi-fi policy, shitty wi-fi.
This hotel and casino is just an absolute joke! Wifi sucks. Service sucks. The casino is terrible! And the staff DOES NOT apologize for what they knew they did wrong!  DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU ARE PLANNING TO GO TO VEGAS!!!!!! YOU WILL WASTE YOUR MONEY FOR NOTHING!!!!!!
It's honestly a waste of money staying here unless you're only looking for a place to rest your head. Spend your hard-earned money somewhere else...
Go elsewhere! Stayed at the Carnival rooms. Cell reception is horrible (I have att and only get one bar in my room). No mini fridge. Power outlets are loose and drops as soon as you plug it in. No vent in the bathroom.  Arias is so much nicer compared to this. Staying at a motel 6 will be better when compared to these rooms. The room is small.
It's like a fu**ing prison !!!
Been a valid customer for 3 plus yrs... a diamond member and only stayed at harrah's hopping for a good hotel. But I couldnt be any more wrong. This is the worst place on the Strip for customer service, I will gladly go to M life after this trip I want nothing to do with harrahs and total rewards  after this trip. See ya later harrah's sincerely a valid customer what will find a place that values there customers
Don't gamble here host are standing around talking !
Old dump.
Lobby WiFi works great 6/9/16 - just requires an email. The Fulton st food hall is a great spot to grab some quick bites, charge up the phone/ laptop, and use the wifi
They have a $20 free play card. Sign up for free. During your first $20 worth of betting, if you go bust, the house money kicks in. Basically they give you an extra $20 to lose. My wife won, so we didn't get any use from it.
Ginger and Nat are the best!!
Four words: do not go here
New improved room / NO WIFI
Friday night fun boys night !! Let's win that money everyone!!
Long wait to check-in. Literally almost an hour
Fat Tuesdays is right around the corner and they have the cheapest 48 Oz yard alcoholic slushies you can get on the strip. $18 and they are strong and good! Refills for $14.
Security Officer Dom is very rude.
Stay away this place SUCKS!
I just walk around checking out like any other casino nothing special
I love ny  and this replica is awesome  I wish one day reserve here
I love ny  and this replica is awesome  I wish one day stay there
I just walk a out side taking pictures of it
Yeah it's a dump man its starting to go down hill fast.... Time for implosion!
Best Christmas decorations on the entire strip!
Really loving the no casino hotel environment. Will definitely stay here again!
Vera, the lady
Vera, the lady who answers the phone for housekeeping, seems bitter and angry! Sheesh!
Located directly next to the Las Vegas Convention Center. (2 minute walk)
Pool area is great!
Where Drais is
City Room! View of Bellagio water show!
Definitely visit the sportsbook. One of the best in Vegas.
Brandi at the Chandi!
Seeing Le Reve tonight!
Up Parasol, always my favorite place for the first drink of the weekend!
Upgrade to stay on top 10 floors for epic panoramic views.
Just for the Showroom...one drink is comped with ticket, don't expect that cocktail waitresses to hustle to get you a drink. Just sayin'.
My favorite pool area, order the frozen grapes.
States on Internet they accept dogs...make a phone call & only accept 25# or less. That's not a dog. That's a rodent. #sizeism #breedism DNW
Great beds with excellent linens. Lots of creature comforts en suite, but public spaces are a little lacking. Nowhere to watch sports events in a casual communal manner. They should do better.
Website says dog friendly and they only accept dogs of 25#. So only dogs that fit in purses. #breedism #sizeism #guessingGMhassmallpenis
Finally here! Holy shit this was a fucking mission!
Treasure HO!
Surrender here we come!
.CHEERS to the freakin weekend!!.
here. i. am!!
Home sweet home for 3 days!!
2nd night!!
2nd night!
I heart
Waiting for everyone to wake up!
Home sweet home =)
Home sweet home
Spazmatics!
Cell reception eats shit every time I come here. Besides that, it's all gravy =)
Hire shit, you're gonna get shit and shitty service...no wonder they're suffering a loss
Home sweet home =)
Beautiful indoor conservatory and botanical gardens! Go go!
blue man group!
Beautiful hotel but beds are uncomfy
This hotel has 2 mountain bikes that can be borrowed and used for a couple of hours during your stay at the hotel
Fresh, imaginative interior spaces-great restaurants, pools a bit crowded, but we'd return...
Take the tram and check out the old school resorts !
Ask for a strip view and high floor! The rooms are very large and super nice! Best place to stay. Everything is right here - including a tram! Only thing is that a King bed request is not a guarantee - check in before 2pm to secure it!
Eat it Toxic Waste spill - we're here.
Awesome!
Free parking. Free airport shuttle. Dog friendly. $50 a night. No complaints here.
Valet parking full!
Taxi line is disgusting, but Mike (i think that's his name) saved us. He grabbed us out of the line and brought us to the front and got us in a taxi ASAP! He even apologized for not spotting us sooner!
Cabanas have a TV AND FRIDGE!  Cozy couches and louge chairs in the sun.
A awesome suite rooms! Spacious and clean.
The place we saw KA with Edna & Todd. Edna impressed with seat selection!
Gotta love Caesar's. Classy poker room.
Checkin nightmare.  Takes 7 minutes to check a person in.With lines six long and very few aisles open, prepare to stand an hour.
One of the bigger casino in Las Vegas
This place is luxurious!!! Every room is a suite.... Great place to stay...
Casino
Plumming issues at the Excalibur so they sent us to the Aria. Let's check it out.
shopping ? :D
xmas time :D
Their mermaid show is pretty cool.  =)
I love this hotel!
Our hotel room is beautiful!
We were able to check-in early...awesome! =)
Checking in =)
Back in our hotel...
Enjoying our last night here...
Nice.
Finally made it
Just arrived.... Party time!
2 bedroom suite
Leaving tomorrow
It is kid friendly, but choking down smoke in the antiquated casino is rough. It hasn't changed in 20 years and that's not necessarily a good thing.
Wowsa!
:D Yes
Our home! For the next 3 days that is. Hehe.
Home for the next 4 days
Leave your kids at home!  Kids shouldn't experience Vegas. It's an adult drinking and gambling area!
Always ask for a room on a higher floor...
Always use your club card
Always ask for a room on the upper floors.
Always ask for the later sessions during the slot tournements.  Then you can sleep in.
just waking up from a great Saturday night
The bell hop change shift at 6pm and they are late so don't expect to check bags at this time.
ask for an upper floor room away from the nightclub
If you forget your razor, they will give you a nice shaving kit with a razor, shaving cream, and moisterizer.
Always ask for an upper floor room.
The best rooms in Vegas. Go during non-peak times with rooms starting at $129/night.
Sign up for their Grazie card online to receive a $15 credit for slots or tables.
I found Star Wars Droid Hunter slot machines by the roulette wheels.  These are the droids I was looking for! #Venetian
This place manages to stay relevant despite its long time presence on the strip.  No trip to Vegas is complete w/out visiting Caesars.
Good night
Nice sports book.
Another work day. Do dis.
Work time!!!
Eh, overpriced for the food.
Just saw One Republic at a private company event...they ROCKED IT!!!
This place is fantastic! Great view from the pool!
Incredible customer service, friendly
Super customer service attentive to guests I mean outstanding
Nice decor and lighting
Beautiful interior & chic rooms!
Gorgeous Hotel
Come early to get a chair poolside
Cool luxury hotel connecting to Venetian... Ask for the strip view.. It's amazing
beautiful ceilings& many restaurants!
lounging in our poolside patio :)
My favorite place to stay in Vegas!!
I love this place!!
My favorite place in Vegas to sleep..
I'm here!!!! Bbma show this weekend
Skip the buffet, For the same money, Aria offers more options.
Forum shops, superb. Biggest H&M check it out
Excellent staff, new clean very modern and minimalism and European 5 star.. Best hotel in Vegas
Don't make any long distance calls. I called Chicago and spoke on the phone for 2 mins and got a $15 bill.
Breakfast time !!
Spa room upgrade is worth it!
Bell service is useless
Love it all... Except the wifi is impossible to connect to!
Great showwwwwww Pit bull
We noticed we forgot our brand new iPad charger hours after we checked out... and they said nothing was found. BS! They suck!  Will never return
Free Wifi in the room
There is a free shuttle that will bring you to the near by mall for shopping and cheap food.
Dirty Rooms. The casino is nice but the hotel isn't as nice.
Check out butterfly exhibit 24 hours
A hop away from the monorail and bus both cheaper ways to get around the strip. Great location
Late check outs rule. Ask front desk via phone for late checkout (ie. 12 pm or 1 pm) no extra charge.
Leave bags with concierge if you have time to do some sightseeing before heading home.
Free WiFi in rooms for guests. Nice.
Nice hotel, kitchen is fully equipped with utensils and pots/pans. Staff was friendly.
Nice rooms, great bed, friendly staff. This is a great hotel for the price.
The studios are big
Lobby lounge has 50 percent off food and drinks from 10 pm to 1 am.
Great customer service!
Justine is the best bartender ever. Better hope she is working!
Just arrived at hotel ...checking in them doing some exploring before my first session at 3!
Watched the pirate show, it was very Vegas
Wow! Great room with a great view!
Back at the room
At the Foodie Fest. Line to get in is crazy.
Nicest timeshare/vacation suites on the strip! Request a renovated floor (all rooms are still relatively new) but non-renovated rooms have the former Planet Hollywood Towers 'modern contemporary' color scheme aka Hard Rock Hotel. The renovated rooms have the traditional Hilton less flashy color scheme and are slightly newer. Elara location can't be beat! Next to Planet Hollywood & the Miracle Mile! Awesome resort!
I got lucky and made 700 in only a couple sessions. The dealers are happy to help if you happen to be a beginner
Nicolas is the best bellhop!
Holy crap. Am I on "Hotel from hell? '' Switched to 3 different rooms tonight upon checking in. All 3 rooms, there is hair everywhere!!! Bedsheets, towels, etc. What. The. Actual. F*ck?! It's past midnight and I'm sick of dealing with this bs. Will deal with it in the morning. Here on biz, otherwise would have never chosen this hell hole. STAY FAR AWAY from this dump!
Only place to stay in sin city
Only place we stay in Vegas
Garage 1, 3rd floor will take you straight into the Adventuredome.
Very inexpensive rooms but there is a "resort fee" you pay at the front desk instead of when you book.
Vegas baby, vegas
It's big. It's loud. It's Vegas.
Fright Dome is awesome!!! Gonna see Dan Sperry in a bit can't wait!
Decent hotel staff was ok accommodations were deceiving from website. But had a beautiful view.
With a dollop of cheez whiz.
Ghet-to
The buffet ROCKS.
Oh yes.
Cheap place to rest ur head and save $ to spend else where! Hmm $55 for a Ferrari T-shirt@encore! 100$/night club visit ( cover+ drinks)
playing some games and watching circus acts... :) I remember when my parents would give us $$$, drop us off, and then go play slots lol
Favorite arcade
2nd night@ LV, Kids thing!
Las vegas baby
Strip las vegas
AKA Clown Rape Alley
This is the worst place I have ever been. If I owed the mob money & this was the only place that were hiring, I'd turn it down & kill myself
ces!!!
Just stopping by and seeing what these "clowns" are up-to!
Chinese New Year at the WYNN!
Wow, kinda empty.
Surprisingly not that packed
Bodies exhibit
Helpful concierges.
Sponge Bob 4D is funnnnnn!
Upgrade to a "Signature" room- all remodeled and a bargain!
April 2011 - fitness area under construction :( not cool!
The pool is lovely! Love to see all the families have a good time together!
Pool needs music. (not really a tip)
Large clean, inexpensive rooms! Pool open late, 10:00pm. Now get your swim on!
Home of the black man circus.
Party time!
Just Valet'd the Caddy.
I've got a "D" for ya....
Adventure dome :)
Make sure to book a room ONLY on the West Tower as they are the newer rooms.
I wonder if it smells like feet like everyone says it does
Don't worry. We aint sleepin' here. It does bring back a lot of childhood memories tho.  :)
Cuz you're never too old for midway games :)
Love that they always change the look of the garden inside and their fountain show outside :)
Vegas time! :)
Finally here!!
Let's party!
Nice room, not "ghetto" or noisy. Seriously not fancy but it'll do.
What a dump, stay away! If I wasn't so tired from driving all day I would check out and go some where else.
Pai gow!
Woooooow! The guys' suite is niiiiiiice!
Like being at the Circus.
Stay at a nicer hotel.  Lousy service awaits u at the Riviera.
At the Riviera.
To shut these children up!!
Too many people waiting at the bus station in front of this place. It's always like that during early afternoon.
The newest hotel on The Strip (as of July 2011).
Where little kids are in Vegas...
Courteous staff....
The reason why the kids LOVE Vegas-Fun and Games in the Midway!!
Let the fun begin!!
Pay a little more and stay at another hotel/casino.
Looks like Chukie Cheese smells like the fair.
They bring you Guinness for free while you gamble.
No free money money when you sign up for their players card.
cuz I have a little sister, sigh.
ball, in.
No bed bugs, but plenty of blood stains. Thankfully I carry my Mylar solar blanket in my BOB
Seems creepy for kids
Oh the humanity!
Baaaaaaaad karoake
Watching the show here.
Here for brunch
Ppl r loud very early. Dont expect to sleep in, even if u got in at 5
Is this the real ceasars palace? Like did he live here?
1 word: UNDERRATED. Stay elsewhere if your not about family fun in vegas. We love it at cc. Book a westtower room, nice.
Great place
The elevator system is crazy!
Nice rooms at a great price.
Vegas is packed for spring break
Ahhhh Smoke.....
Done for the night .
Heading to Utah
Great Suite!
Heading home!
I wish I wasn't here
Old
Dash Berlin and ATB!
Worst place to stay bathroom smell shower was dirty and I found a ball of hair next to my bad
I loved it ! The lazy river pool was great my room was nice and clean
Fun and nice hotel.
Had a fun night! Sleep now.
NICE
Awful hotel! Room broken into during our stay! Hotel staff & security did nothing! Be warned!
Fright dome
I am thankful we were only staying here 1 night. The hotel is extremely out of date. Wanted a cheap hotel for 1 night. They don't tell you they have a "mandatory" resort fee of $10. We found an employee sleeping at the check in counter. If your looking for a 1 star no frills place to stay this is it
It's alright ...i guess... We're staying in the newly remodeled  rooms... It was a last minute choice that was available for a decent price for the 2013 CES event...
Food is SOOOOO GOOD here!! Especially their Creme Brulee!!! MMMMM YUMMY!! (in the pic is 2 creme brulee and tres leche cake)
Circus acts
Swimming
One of the Classics in Vegas
Cheerleaders from all over are taking over this Hotel for the weekend! If you "ain't" about that Cheer Life.... keep it pushin'!!! LOL
We absolutely loved this place!!! Home away from home
Very nice Casino
Not bad as some reviews contend. Stayed @ West Tower. Only negative is that we were in non-smoking area & smelled of cigarette. Buffet fine for the kids. Just fine if not looking for luxury.
Pay attention to the signs for the elevator they separate them by floors, we had a couple of people ride up with us not knowing that there on the wrong elevator. LOL
Avoid this place for everything other than the steakhouse.
Bring hand sanitizer.  Lots of sanitizer.
Do not stay here!! Even at $89/ night I did not feel we got our money's worth. It has a very strange odor and strange clientele.
Magical, beautiful hotel connected to Encore. I would like to hire this decorator for my future home!
You probably get this a lot...
Home of XS - best club in the world!!
If you play the mid-way games go to the office next to Mc McDonalds and ask for change for a hundred. They will give you coupons for pay for one game and get one free.
Free shows are always good for the kids!!!
Warm and chewy, gooey chocolate chip cookie, yum!!!
Kid friendly spot in Vegas...lets see how this goes.
Horrible. Don't stay here unless you really hate yourself and feel you deserve to be punished.
Avoid the manor at all cost! This place feels like it has not been changed in the past 30 yrs. yuckkkk!
We didn't stay in this hotel so I can't review most of the amenities, but we did visit the adventure dome. It was old, run down, and in need of an upgrade. I could see it being entertaining if you have kids, but if hanging around kids isn't your idea of Vegas, stay away. Kids were EVERYWHERE. Plus the location was WAY on the north side of the strip. If you do make it to the Circus Circus though, ride the roller coaster. It was worth the 8 bucks
The kiddos love the Midway shows and games here.
They have Nathan's Hot Dogs.  No more 99 cents hot dogs anymore.
The Conservatory is not to be missed.
Next best thing to going to Paris, France.
One of the best hotels in Vegas.
I like the different flavored waters near the Check-in line at the lobby.
Valet parking only
Easy walk from Venetian to Palazzo.  No need to walk outside.
Awesome location!
Breakfast, lunch, and dinner buffets are fairly priced and one of the best bargains in town. However in general, a very rough environment, whole place smells like smoke. Came to this specific location 15 years ago and has only gotten worst.
Need more valet assistant after midnight
Very convenient when you have kids
If you want to get sick and get a bunch of germs..This is the place to be! Diiirrty pop!
Never again. Disappointed.
This place fucking sucks, if I could rate a zero I would.
We stayed in the manor motor lodge part of circus circus. Its not bad, but it is not on the strip like the casino tower is. And the motor lodge smells really bad in the hallways. The rooms are ice though. Lots of kids running up and down the hallways. But what else would you expect from a circus themed hotel? Next time i will stay farther down the strip for sure.
Free wifi in rooms.
This hotel is okay not the best in my opinion.
Nice rooms and its big [:
Breakfast tip: the buffet is okayish, I'd give it 2/5 stars. Go across the street to Denny's and have a better breakfast for less!
Warning: The 6,99 buffet costs 16,99 + tax! Huge ripoff, the 6,99 only applies to people with the players card, they can "win" 6,99 buffet tickets.
Kid-friendly!
Very small room! Pool closed by 9:30 pm, and they kick you out promptly :(
Pelican feeding at 2 pm! Bring the kids :)
Customer service is top notch here!!! Go to the free buffet breakfast for fresh hot waffles, eggs, and so much more. Excellent hotel!
Great free breakfast... One of the best we've ever had at a hotel! Very spacious rooms.
Best hotel in Vegas for kids
Circus Circus still a great hotel to visit while in Vegas, the circus acts are fun.
Midway is awesome! The best part is it's FREE! Different acts every 30 to 45 minutes!
A few of the staff are rude so prepare yourself
Don't stay here
Dirty
They have bed bugs as of 13 days ago, read my full review
Photo booth at the park - Lying to people stating the package is only $30, charging $31.46 asking why they charge more after they just told me it is $30, Katie (the manager) and Mariah told me the 1.46 is for "tax", but they charge additional tax... She then explain her boss was asking her to lie about it - unbelievable
If you have kids with you, it's a must visit.  If you don't, RUN away.
Ice cream shop right next to the coffee shop!
The rooms where not clean.
The registration  people are rude and they don't care about their guest.
The only thing I can say is be prepared for a bunch of little screaming kids all year around.
Never Again!
Construction noise at 6:30am.  When I complained, management would only offer a different room.
Nice place for our kids
-To get to the higher floors you have to take elevator from lobby to the 2nd floor, and then to your floor. -Check out is at 11am and you can't postpone it! -Go to the arcade upstairs! Bunch of carnival games with cool prizes and even an acrobat show!
-Check out Dale Chihuly's colorful glass blossoms on the ceiling in the lobby! -The botanical garden is so cool! Filled with jellyfish, mermaid, & fishes!
Check out the rainforest gardens!
-Convenient & reliable hourly shuttles -10-15 min taxi ride from the strip ($15-20) -Pool hours: 8a-10p daily -Fold out bed in living room & lots of utensils in kitchen. Very clean!
Hotel needs to be renovated. But, the free circus acts that they have every half hour, starting from 11 AM, is definitely cool and a must see.
Sign up for the rewards card. They will send you deals through the mail.
Free tram to Aria and Bellagio located in Street of America (near the food court)
Sign up for a Mlife card to get points.
Last hotel on the strip. Make sure to take the trams, which are free
If you have a AAA card, make sure to stop by the concierge desk at the Forum shops to get a free coupon book.
Make sure to sign up for their rewards program. You can accrue points and they give you Free play upon sign up.
If you are staying in the Skyrise tower,  park in the Skyrise parking deck and you'll find an elevator that takes you up one floor to the main elevator bank; it'll keep you from lugging your luggage through the Midway.
Celebrating my 20th. Anniversary. Love this place.
Celebrating my 20th. Anniversary. Love this place.
Oh, & the pool is.a joke. This place should re named "circus circus motel"
Do NOT back in to the parking spaces in the parking garage! I blew out the rear glass window of my car because I was looking at my rearview camera while backing in and didn't notice the cement slab sticking out over the space. The front of your car is supposed to fit under this thing. Yeah, it's painted red, but it should also say in bold white paint, "PULL IN ONLY." I want to find the idiot who designed this garage and beat them over the head. Safelite AutoGlass Repair Bill:  $322.84
There is a raw sewage smell wafting through the pool area again this morning. SO GROSS and unacceptable for a pricey 5 star property.
Great experience and nice room at Casino Tower with a gorgeous view on the Strip!
Never once to you mention anything about the dirty exterior
They raised the price of all the popular games. :(
I got a room in the Manor building. It's a very filthy smelly old building.
You win more on the penny slots here!
The bed bugs have haunted us for about half a year!
Smell is terrible, everywhere!  We got stuck on EL LOCO 1/2 way up the 1st big hill! Our car slammed to a stop. It felt like we were hit by the car following ours.   We waited what seemed like 15 min. for 3 employees to climb the stairs to us. They helped us both down the stairs to get off the ride. Both of us with bad headaches & my sons neck is very sore.   To make matters worse my Mom & sister ate at one of the casino restaurants while waiting on us. 15 minutes later they were both very sick.
One of the only places where you can put actual quarters in the slot machines!
It's a good place to stay in Vegas if you have kids
I was unhappy with my original accommodations  but the Staff went above and beyond to make it better!
Avoid the batman maze
Don't let the negative reviews deter you. Yes, it is an old hotel but the rooms are clean and maintained well. My advice is to get a tower room, they are nicer than the manor rooms and are actually in the hotel itself. If you are looking for a comfy bed to rest in after a night of gambling and drinking, this is the place. if you don't like kids, go elsewhere because this is a family friendly hotel.
I'm planning my next trip soon, so excited!
Worst hotel the room smelled like meat as soon as you walk in very disgusting  hotel .There was money missing from my room . Had no lack of interest in customers . Very poor staff and very dirty room it seemed like someone slept in the bed and walked away and they didn't even change it .Never stay at that hotel again worst place to go to you rather stay at a better hotel on the strip for more money
Worse hotel in vegas!!
Great hotel family atmosphere great restaurant "fancy" but not the best for me...
Terrible. Smelly and shady. This place is a cesspool. Motel 6 rooms are better. The rooms are far away in their compound and no shuttle available so you have to walk for 10 minutes or so. The atmosphere was horrible. I wish i had paid 50 extra for better rooms in other casinos.
The hotel is very old by Strip standards and poorly maintained. It is cheaper than most but that's what it has going for it.
You're better off at a motel
Ghetto run down hotel.  I was staying at Encore & walked here to check out the arcade - what a depressing place.
Steve Wynn is a genius & perfectionist! I love The Wynn & Encore.  Decor is beautiful & the food is great here.
Best hotel in Vegas.  We had a gorgeous room & I had tons of fun playing slots here. Cocktail waitresses are nice & make their rounds often.
One bedroom corner suite looks good :)
Beware of the glass doors in bathroom!!! I hurt my foot pretty bad from those! Sooo dangerous!!!
One bedroom suite, the tub in master bed is good! Bubble bath with views each night :)
Smoking FREE hotel n spa, perfect for someone who hates smoking, executive corner suite with amazing city center view
Weekend stay :)
Very very nice service! Beautiful hotel, they offer water and wet towel at valet, cold tea at check in!
Love it only hotel guests have access to guest rooms & suites floors! Very private!
They have charger inside in room safe! Sooo convenient, charging our mini iPad :)
Wraparound terrace, amazing view of Vegas skyline!
They changed our suite to wraparound terrace , cuz I wasn't happy  with our terrace suite, great job to accomedate us!
I was very satisfied with our 4 days wraparoud terrace suite hotel stay, all staffs were very friendly, accommodating and efficient! Service was as good as Mandarin Oriental, just hotel is not that as  over the top luxury as Mandarin, but it is a more affordable hotel for longer days stay in Vegas.  Ps. Wraparound terrace suite is still chic, comfy, fun and lunxury.
Penthouse sky suite this time :)
Penthouse shower is a steam room too!
Best in Show...no doubt
Can't beat location, looking a little rough around the edges these days.
Aria skyline is the bomb. Higtech, geek wet dream with all their ipad like tablet that control everything in the room.
Free watershow every 15 minutes
Complimentary valet, beautiful sculpture outside, but the weekend is invaded by EDC! Help!
47th floor w a beautiful view of belasio.
Getting some sun, listening to Alex Clare pool side and studying for my training coming up... Water station saves ya...
Will definitely come back.  In-house restaurants are great.  Friendly and courteous staff.
We are here
Having lunch with V and G!
Lunch with V and G!
Gambling with Sinatra
You have tower certain requirements to enter the lounge. Not sure what all they are but you and a guest can come in with a platinum Amex card.
Valet service only, nice to know you can drop off out front or in the back by ge biker bar. Be prepared to wait at the rear location however.
A favorite hotel when in Vegas!
New players club cards
Awesome!
Closing may 15, 2011 @ 4:00 pm
Black Jack !
No casino, non smoking
Get the eifle tower drink!
What the hell takes so long to check people in to their rooms!?
777 brewery was awesome. Didn't stay at hotel but the brewery beer and food was good
If you have a players card here, make surw to keep it away from your room key and credit cards.
Pooling
Very smoky. Difficult getting a waitress while playing machines. Hotel room clean. Room is big. On 18th floor.
At Subway  for breakfast. It's okay. Was desperate and didn't want to keep looking for someplace to eat.
No casino. No self-parking.
Quiet hotel. No casino or restaurants. A small marketplace to buy prepared food or food to cook. Room service for other meals. Pricey.
Love this casino/hotel. Nice and simple. good amenities and location.
Boo for paid parking =( $8/day self park and $13/day valet
Awesome 2 bedroom suite w/ a view of the strip!
Stupid place, don't go!!!
Family reunion time!!!!
Really close to the convention center
Very Nice budget accomodation.  Good looking pool!
Great vibe at the bar, 2 nights in a row!
The molly ringwalds--80's tunes coverama fun with a UK twist...!!
Too expensive. Two double baileys were $46.00 at the no name casino floor pit stop bar.
Central air, no noisy box!!
Here we go...2012!
Pure profit
Ignore the bad reviews! Large compfy, clean rooms with a fridge, decent pool,and cheap drinks at bar! Best place in Vegas to stay on a budget! If you bitch about a $40 room pack it up and take your azz over to the Wynn and shut the he'll up! I love this place!
Should of slept in my car! Waste of $$$! Gym was above our room so at 6am we hear POUNDING. My GF thought someone was getting it on, but it was the friggen trradmill! I called the desk and they basically said " deal with it".  Then housekeepers next door cranked the mexi music at 9 am! AVOID!!!!!
I booked a one bed room for fairly cheap on Expedia. It was much nicer than I expected - the room was large with a separate living area and bed area, a mini kitchen with a sink and mini fridge, a closet, and a bathroom with a roomy bathtub and a nicely lit sink on the outside. Overall a good stay!
Nice place good parking for larger vans with trailers and at night it's as quite as it goes. I will manage to get booked here again.
Lil creepy, but for that money not bad at all :)
De shuttlebus van dit hotel brengt je ieder uur naar de Vegas-strip! (Van 07:00 tot 22:00)! Topservice!
they charged my card multiple times. And I came home with a rash from the dirty hot tub. Sheets look about 15 yrs old. The hotel was pretty decent especially for what we paid. It's driving distance to the strip and it has its own casino.. you get what you pay for
her name is Brittany. fire her
Para solo quedarse un da esta bien pero jams para una semana el hotel no es 3 estrellas de broma un lucero nada que ver lo peor los que limpian las habitaciones no respetan una Sra estando dormido a las 9:am me abri la puerta no hay respeto por el husped reclame y al da siguiente pasaban golpeaban la puerta diciendo checkout y me faltaban como tres das para irme no lo recomiendo el hotel ni un caf es gratis cara la comida para ser desayuno la puerta bao ni papel colocan
All I can say is Roaches Roaches Roaches
The Susie from desk is very rude she need customer service please.
This place is da bomb.
Don't get married here until the construction issue with the Juno Garden is cleared up.
Nice and everything is close by.
Lazy ass service
Great affordable option south of the strip.
Check in early and ask for a room above the 20th floor. Take advantage of the bellhop and valet services....why not, you are in Vegas.
Thermostats in San Remo rooms (had two rooms) only go down to 68 F. Have to push hard on thermostat buttons if dont work otherwise call front desk.
Concrete is hot in pool area! Protect your feet!
Reg room- two queens, no view Red room- one king $30 upgrade View room- $40 upgrade Prices updated a few days ago  Self-parking in back, not as convenient as NYNY   Close to fountains, strip
Pet friendly; cheap,
The water is fixed today, thank the lord!
Free popcorn in the rec room
Holsteins is legit!!
Pretty big place with lots of shopping areas. Much more of a mature crowd too
Nice place but the cable sucked! If kept going in and out with a weak signal
I love this casino!
Smoke free Zone! :-) Feels great after being in a smoke filled Casino the whole night!
Wow! Got an upgraded suite!
Everything about the Bellagio is perfection.
The shops here connected to Bally's are great!
This is a totally different place than it was on my last visit here a few years back. A fantastic remodel - clean, fresh & bright.
Select rooms are worth the upgrade. Nothing fancy, but clean and comfortable as of Mar 2011.. Tower is worth visiting, just don't eat there!
You can bowl go to the movies gamble and more. I like
Skip desert it was not good!
Amazing rooms!
Cccvvcvbbbbvcbx
Absolutely adore this hotel !!
Yes!
so beautiful
Wow! This place is huge! Pretty chandelier bar.
Broke even and played for a cold hours :)
Viva las Vegas!
Morning drinks!
Watching the race
Great hotel front staff
Still here
Another great stay at vdara clean quiet and smoke free
Wow great pool great rooms
Home away from home!
Country music blasting!  Ugh!
As a major GLOW fan in my youth, I wish they had any sort of memorabilia . At all!  Casino isn't bad.
Generous happy hour drinks
Always beautiful and lovely!
Terrible parking!! Parking structure is in the back street, way far from the lobby.
The party is over ... Vegas bday 2010 is complete, tomorrow begins the detox, hahaha, I'm joking tomorrow we so the same thing we did 2day
Cool spot
Nice newly renovated rooms even thoughthe casino is old.
Love love loved it. A must see. The girls are so cute and classy. Only one thing add some color to show meaning more diverse girls black girls....
Weekend getaway starts NOW!!!
Here is Vegas baby!
Visiting all the Chanel stores to find one
With Yelp Elites
Ahhh... Let the fun begin!
Tao...? I guess......
This hotel is awesome.
Zarkana
Text me at 631-792-3821 to be added quickly and easily for XS or Surrender nightclub here at the Wynn and get in free on the guestlist! :)  Fred Loguidice VIP Host 631-792-3821
Text me at 631-792-3821 to be added quickly and easily for Hyde Bellagio, our waterfront nightclub on the fountains!  Free Entry girls/guys and Open Bar for girls 10:30pm-1am on my guest list :)  Fred Loguidice   VIP Host   Hyde Nightclub, Bellagio   631-792-3821
Text me at 631-792-3821 to be added quickly and easily for Chateau nightclub here at the Paris and get in free on the guestlist! :)  Fred Loguidice VIP Host 631-792-3821
Text me at 631-792-3821 to be added quickly and easily for Hakkasan nightclub here at MGM and get in free on the guestlist! :)  Fred Loguidice VIP Host 631-792-3821
Text me at 631-792-3821 to be added quickly and easily for Light nightclub here at Mandalay Bay and get in free on the guestlist! :)  Fred Loguidice VIP Host 631-792-3821
Text me at 631-792-3821 to be added quickly and easily for Omnia nightclub here at Caesars and get in free on the guestlist! (available most nights*) :)  Fred Loguidice VIP Host 631-792-3821
Text me at 631-792-3821 to be added quickly and easily for XS or Surrender nightclub here at the Encore and get in free on the guestlist! :)  Fred Loguidice VIP Host 631-792-3821
Text me at 631-792-3821 to be added quickly and easily for Jewel nightclub here at Aria and get in free on the guestlist! :)  Fred Loguidice VIP Host 631-792-3821
Text me at 631-792-3821 to be added quickly and easily for Marquee nightclub here at the Cosmopolitan and get in free on the guestlist! :)  Fred Loguidice VIP Host 631-792-3821
Text/call me at 631-792-3821 now to be added free to the VIP guest list at SLS or reserve a table this weekend!   Fred Loguidice | VIP Host | Customer Relations | SLS Las Vegas | Foxtail Nightclub
A close 2nd behind the palazzo
My favorite hotel of all
The shops and river are so cool!
Love the sirens show!
Love the beer pong and drink specials
Hell yes venetian rooms are amazing
Great hotel with great restaurants
Hotel Hopping...
Belvedere and black jack
Getting rich
Smells like heaven, time and time again! Buy the ScentSticks at their Element gift shop!
Aria has THE BEST BED and PILLOWS bar-none! Your body will thank you after a long Vegas night!
Coheed and Cambria!
A young vibe mixed in with class
Elegant!!!!
4 babes
Bring the family and splurge on a fun day by the pool...there's even a small beach!!
This HGV is older, smaller & not as clean as the one on the strip. The pillows were uncomfortable.
Here for a meeting ... Great location right off the Strip. Downside - no valet but convenient parking.
Wrong hotel. Was supposed to post this on LVH. Can't figure out how to erase it.
Off the strip!
Smoke free, close to the strip, and amazing suites. You can't go wrong.
I like it. Very nice little hook up.
to spa and pamper!
Save your money. Go some where else.  My fault, I only read the negative reviews after I ate here
Crepes @ Paris...
Watching the gondolas and gazing at pretty ceiling frescas.
Suites have separate entrance.
I wonder if Steve wynn flies a helicopter from WYNN to Encore??  I would.
Room nice. Gym pretty nice.  Wifi horrible.
Best room ever
Attending a wedding at the Wynn...very nice Wedding Salon
Really nice rooms here at The Venetian
check out lakeside grill - food is fantastic and sit outside so you can see the show - really cool place!
Picking up my pacquiao viewing party passes
Gonna see the mexicution: pacquiao v maragarito
Back at homebase
Calling it a night. Had soo much fun, thanks , guys!
Gonna relax a bit and watch some snf before dinner...
home for the weekend.
Up $47, calling it a night
It smells like a hackathon in here
Meta check in
Warehouse sale!
Insane hotel!
I don't know what's it's called but roller skate Thursday at the joint. Too funny!!!
Check out the buffet
Eating at my favorite wynn's buffet tonight :D remember to earn line pass by playing table games for 300ish points ( around 3 hours)
Awesome hotel.  Decor is easy on the eyes.  Clean!  Hostesses are gorgeous. Compared to other hotels, they have all their teeth.
Awesome lights!
Thinking of Tommy Girl.
Drinking a beer and trying to win a new Cadillac. Hottie looking hot.
Wings, Wynn, and Winning all my parlays....I smell victory or the after effects of tista on nachos
Great buffet!
2 queen bedroom suite on the 46th floor nice.... Thanks for the upgrade !
Back in the room nice way to unwind and prepare for tonights festivities
Going to bed in my large STD free bed! Night lol
Going to take a long bath n knock out before I head back to LA
Have nothing good to say about Vegas in general, but at least our room is nice.
holla!!
Wynning!!
SW
Buffet!
Tonia and I have officially arrived!!!
Breakfast buffet.
5-course dinner and a show... For work.
Loud noise from club can be heard in rooms on golf course side of this hotel
Nicest bathrooms in Vegas
Check out time!
@BlushNightclub at the kicks party
Beach club for free before 1 o clock!
It's loud here, so be prepared.
Tower Suites...
At 1 oak
Trump spa
It's all about white lace at the Wynn
Poolside with great friends. The funniest thing right now: a topless bridal party in the cabana next to us. Lol.
Girls getaway
Checking out the new Octavius Tower
Here to check out the bowling tournament
Love the service here, always giving drinks while gambling.
Ftw!
Excellent hotel with beautiful rooms!
Wynning
Wow!!! That's all I can say!
Pool time!
I would find a "Noodles" restaurant in here. Hah.
Get here early!
Open bar at chteau!
Don't stay in room 5160. The pool nightclub stays open until 4AM and due to a design flaw, you can hear the music. Up here. Loud. Very loud!
3 days in this glorious suite. Sweet!
Classy
Vegas trippin
Baller
The buffet here has ruined all other buffets for me. Best ever!
Le Reve. Yeah!!!!
Lunch buffet!
Jabbawockeez show!
Almost like a second honeymoon!
Spa suite! Aww yeah!
Deleon tequila cocktails are amazing while watching the sunset over the 18th hole
Going to see Garth!!
Home for the next 3 days
Xs
:) happy anniversary to me!
I'm working....
Love this hotel!
Here
Fresh swag
Amazing view from the 57 floor. Spacious rooms and bathrooms
Beautiful casino
Yea yuh
Tryst
Late night, early morning!
Nice really nice place. No complaints here
Beautiful hotel and casino!
poker!!!!!!!!
The Venetian/ Palazzo has everything you need in Vegas.  Love it. With over 10 stays I give it a solid 9.5
If you bring kids go the pool next to Bouchon. Heated pool and jacuzzis, no party atmosphere.
Valet in the parking garage is much faster retrieving your car than the main valet.
Not as good as it used to be since it was sold.      :(
Fantastic rooms, great location, great food, and great shopping throughout the Palazzo/Venetian complex!
Palazzo / Venetian.... No need to ever leave!
WYNNING! lol
Finally here!
Finally here!
Comfy beds!!!
Forget being sick....Spontaneous trip to Vegas with my girls!!!!
Nice staff, friendly dealers, classy clientele.
Been at the Wynn less than a day; already my favorite hotel on Strip. Though I'm disappointed in the lack of vibrating beds.
Bathrooms are nice!
Beautiful and awesome!  Very nice condo with a full kitchen and flat screen. 24 hour hot tub....lemme say that again 24 hour HOT TUB!!!
4am but taxi lines are horrible! 30+ min wait but over 2 dz people cut in by slipping money. Bad karma to them!
Wifi is by free for guests?!
Yeah baby!
The best hotel
The best
Alo
Room service is good
Nice
Not bad
Morning
Bye
Wynn-ing
I love this place!
They water down the alcohol here. I ordered a shot of Ketel One and it was half water. Beware!
Early morning flight, so staying here!
We're too expensive for the wynn
This place steals money
Loopy and soda
$39.99 dinner buffet
Highly enjoyed my stay here! Superb service and accommodations! Exceeded my expectations
La Reve
http://www.visitwynn.com/documents/Wynn_and_Encore_Vegan_Menus.pdf
Let's just say the homophonic name is apropos.
Cards, FTMFW.
This place is still unbelievably popping off the chain, the hook and everything else at 5-fuckin-AM. Simply awesome.
Always the spot if you're under-40
Also cool if you're over 40 yet still get down
Having Wynn buffet!! Delish!!
Having the best host at the best casino does mean itll lead to the best decision -_______-
=D
Wynn Tower Suites FTW
In my opinion best hotel in Vegas
Pool at encore!!
Aching to wreak havoc in the City of Sin, but your room isn't ready when it's time to check in.  Don't expect to get the room you originally booked. This place gets by on really good looks.
Tower Suite is the Bomb!
Salon suite is fantastic!
First casino visit in Vegas!
Booked a room with 2 queen beds through priceline for $70! Great room for the price.
The room is awesome.  Nice beds.  Panoramic view upgrade although not worth the extra $$$
Magical fairy garden!!
Buffet time!
Buffeting it...round 2 after a major food coma.
Check out the garden and water show.
Day 1
Time to get away from my kid problems, & embrace my alcohol problems! Viva la Vegas!
Someone please invent an self check in/out terminal..... please!!!!!!???
Great hotel, terrible service (as in none whatsoever) at the pool. The one waitress basically ignored me the entire time even when I approached her to try and place a drink and food order.
La Reve! showtime!
Great rooms, food and casino.
Bring your checkbook!
Brunch Buffet with my special lady. This has one of the best buffet set up.
This us my 1st time staying here. Proper review coming soon.
I have to stay here for conferences every year and every year I wish they were somewhere else
Cocktails!!!
By far the nicest hotel in Vegas! We'll come back for sure!!!!
Loved the craps - machine!!
Loved the patio near checkin. Full service bar, great view, comfy chairs.
This place is junk fuck you wynn
Stay here if you're looking to party at Tryst. But if you're looking to sleep, this is not the place for you. We were on the 32nd floor and could still hear the bass thumping from below all night. Not the best if you're looking for some shut eye before an early flight the next day.
Amazing hotel ... Little more expensive then the other as the gambling to....
Play black jack switch when you are alone at the table....!!!
Love this hotel !!!! Shabat Suite....
This lit garden walkway is the chilliest
Beautiful as always!
Great place to stay!
You must try a Coney Island chili cheese dog. Delish!
What a beautiful casino and hotel!
My new favorite place to stay. Rooms are VERY clean & nice. All the lights, drapes, room service is automated by a push if a button. Room is ultra quiet which is a nice plus if you're catching up with zzzzs. View from odd numbered rooms is nice
Touch screen lights and shades!!! I Felt like royalty
New Wynn hotel policy,  We walk along the strip today planing to go and enjoy also inside the Wynn hotel. We got refused to get in with our stroller to the hotel, what am I suppose to do with my baby if I can't get inside with my stroller??? BIG DISLIKE!!! I will never recommend the Wynn hotel
Ask for a room overlooking the golf course
They'll bring up an entire unlimited supply of safety pins and band aids but charge $5 for plastic utensils? I'm puzzled.
Don't bother coming here unless your ready to blow some dollars! $$ ...... the Gold Coast is for cheapies!
Rude security
Don't use the Main Entrance Valet! It takes 25 plus minutes. At all times! Use Forum Valet
Ladies, I don't care if your feet are bleeding! DO NOT take your shoes off on the casino floor! It makes you look like Imperial Palace trash....
La Cave  wine bar makes the best  firewood pizza..
Pool area is tiny and one Hot Tub?!
Really good pool and dont forget that the Palazzo and Venetian pool decks are connected.
Check in is kinda slow. Don't know What the hold up is. It's ok though. This hotel is beautiful and fancy!
Where I got married! Whoops! Its the Venetian where I got married. They look similar to be honest :/
The best pool I've ever seen!
Viva..........meh!
Great shopping in the Miracle mile, plenty of places to eat and drink.
Lame, hallway line guards are so rude
My husband and I, often do little staycations in Vegas. Here's a tip- Bring some bottles of booze with you so you can make your own drinks in your room before spending a fortune at the bars! We always stop by a place called Office Bar (which is a half mile from the airport on the way to the Strip) and buy a few bottles before checking into our hotel. We've stayed at all of the nice hotels on the Strip and I will soon be posting my reviews for each of them.
Sign up for the Red Card for $10 free slot play.
Ask for a room on the 34th floor.  Both sets of elevators stop there.
So fancy:)
Tolles Hotel. Sehr empfehlenswert auch fr Tagungen.
great hotel
Got to shop here
Here we go!!!!!!
Beautiful! Awesome drinks in bar! I recommend the cucumber ginger cocktail. Very refreshing
Beautiful hotel lets hope this buffet is just as beautiful.
Make sur you soak everything up. Quite a place to discover...
Great Dining View and Ambiance
Check out this picture of the water falls when dining at Mizumi
Pay the extra few dollars per day for a room on the highest floors. The views are absolutely spectacular.
Awesome lobby!
Long check in lines!
Bad customer service...my tv wasn't working and the manager wasn't going to do anything...
Great shops and restaurants!
Great fitness center!
Super long lines!
It looks like Alice in wonderland, just wish it wasn't so off strip
Nice to look at and hang out at;)
Really nice place. The service people could be nicer ;/
Eh..... Not bad for $90 for 6 nights. But... Some rooms you want to avoid!! (Meaning when you walk in to a room and yoi dont like something then just ask to be moved to a different room!!!) My first room smelled like people pissed in the corner of the whole room.
If you want affordable Asian food ... Japanese, Vietnamese, and Chinese go to this place
Love the parasol! It is breathtaking!
Great rooms. Nowhere to eat casually. 30 minute wait for coffee at the overpriced mediocre cafe. Every other hotel has a gelato place now.   I don't remember casino or lobby being so smoke-filled. Don't wish to spend time in a poorly ventilated ashtray! You're dead to me Wynn!
'Sup Vegas.
Like a hunk o' gold. Aye.
Clean and classy.
Free coffee and water bottle
Smoke smell parking garage escalator.
Golf course now open to the public
WiFi included in resort fee
Beautiful hotel, they were filming mall cop 2 while we were visiting the hotel
Best place to stay on the strip! Love love the beds.
Get to the pool early!
Nice room however I'm on the 1st floor and can hear the lobby music loud and clear- they can't turn it down and the pillows suck!
I have been to Vega a lot and this is the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in. It's absolutely beautiful!!
I don't refer to this place as the Wynn, but rather the Lose. Their slots are way tight. Haven't won one single time out of 10+ times gambling there. I always gamble in the high roller area, btw. If you're looking to "win" then go to the MGM.
Careful. Once you go Wynn, you don't go back.
Walk-in was seamless at Tryst and XS, especially thanks to their official XS/Tryst host/promoter Martin. He's a must if you don't like to walk into places and feel like your time is toooo valuable to waste on waiting and crowds. Hit him up at martin@xslasvegas.com, especially for large groups of men or ladies w large female wolf packs.
Sexy people everywhere
Not a good place for families, it's too expensive for what it is and if you have any taste buds avoid the buffet breakfasr
Upgrade
Perfect getaway
You can order a chocolate martini as one of the complementary drinks when gambling in the casino! I made my bf play blackjack here just so I can order this. It's gooood :)
La Reve is a must see show!
Beautiful scenic windows
Weak buffet Rude staff  Wouldn't recommend
Checked in for holiday weekend reservation made months ago and very disappointed so far.  Staff is not helpful and in fact have had difficulty with basic things.
Don't eat at their over priced buffet it's not worth it
Don't stay at Paris unless your getting the red room. The rooms are getting a bit torn up and stains on sheets etc etc. For less price book a room at Ballys, only jubilee tower though these are the remodeled rooms and it's nice.   Park at Paris then go to Ballys that's the key. Paris has a nice covered parking structure
Only advantage to staying at Paris vs Ballys is that Paris has tons of elevators where Ballys has only 3 and sometimes they breakdown and only 1 is working
Red room or stay somewhere  Else
Yes Ballys is Classic Vegas with hotel getting a little bit old. If your gonna stay here then getting a Jubilee tower is a must. It's the new renovated towers with new everything. I really enjoyed it. All complainers on here need to pay few bucks more and upgrade or your gonna be bitching about how old and tired the room looks.
If your a light sleeper then you better ask for a room not facing Cromwell or the high roller. Drais after hour club is there and the bass from the music is blaring
Use the $20 dollar sandwich to get upgrade
Resort fees have increased it is now like $32 dollars a night which is ridiculous. This is pure profit for the casinos and a rip in our pockets for the consumer it should be an optional package. They force you to pay for something you don't need.
Weird tip but trust me. Bring some nice toilet paper with you if your staying at ballys. The toilet paper in the room is like writing paper very roughly stuff.
Ask for late check out on your last night call the front desk and they will give you complementary 1 hour. So 12 pm check out better that 11am
This hotel is so beautiful, all of the flower statues and gardens are breathtaking
Amazing interior worth to see
A room is nice and clean. The view is on a construction.
The volcano show is free and amazing hot lava is near you
Food is ok. Not worth going.  You would expect a Las Vegas buffet to be better.
By far... The best hotel n service.  The most classy in vegas
This place used to be special and different from all the other hotels, but no more!
I love the poker room
Got family in town and they love the room they have and the service
Winter in wonderland. Everything is so beautiful.
100 Play Draw Poker is a great video poker machine.
Eat wagyu at SW Steakhouse - melt in your mouth, tender, flavor packed paradise.
Avoid the taxi line on NYE!!!! We waited 3 hours and still didn't get a cab. No heat lamps provided either. You're better off walking to the Venetian entrance and getting one there.
Place is beautiful.  If you are a baller this is the place to go to and gamblr.
Best Vegan Hotel in Vegas. Almost every place has a fresh & delicious Vegan menu. Thanks Wynn.
This hotel is dope!
From our room it is so sic!
Almost every room has a great view!
Valet is the slowest I've ever encountered in Las Vegas. And I live here.
Excellent service. Bit pricey
Great hotel, a staple for upscale Vegas trips.
Absolutely beautiful and well worth the high end cost.
The robes provided are like getting a warm hug from an angel.
Free self parking.  Don't waste your money on slow valet!
Get a table at the "Lake of Dreams", order a martini and a cigar, and enjoy the ride back through time...
My favorite perk: their use of an external valet cabinet where stuff is delivered to your room without interruption. Get ice, toothpaste, water, pillows, dry cleaning, etc. brought to your secure valet door, you retrieve it at your leisure. Its like a magic cabinet. Life is Beautiful.
AT&T has terrible reception in the guest rooms (well at least on the 22 floor) & the hotel doesn't offer free guest Wi-Fi. I guess the casino is not making enough money for the hotel owners.   On the positive side, AT&T offers free Wi-Fi at the Drugstore Caf.
Elevators are really old and rickety. Good luck!
Best hotel in vegas!
Details are sick!
Don't book a suite ....
The pancakes from room service. 4 giant ones and 8 bucks... Not the best but damn lol
I had a very bad experience at the Wynn!! We were told by 2 restaurants that we were not allowed in with tang tops... We seen a white man waiting to be served with a tang top on. And they had just told us Hispanics that we were not allowed in..
Buffet is sumptuous and splendid experience.
After Venetian this ones the best.
Really cool Egyptian theme. Must try.
Girls randomly dancing on the table while you gamble. No I think I'll pass.
One of the best hotels in the world!!
If you have a American Express card, you must stop by the lounge!
Love it
Love it, stayed over the weekend. Definitely will be back.
My favorite hotel & Casino in Vegas!!!!
5 stars all the way!  Best hotel in Vegas no doubt
The hotel is absolutely beautiful and their buffet is an absolute must!
Best hotel in Vegas to stay!!
Definitely go to the pool during the day to relax. Probably the most relaxed I've been in a long time
Beautiful rooms and convenient to Encore Beach Club and XS
There are 2 different points of entry to the hotel.
Sign up for their emails to receive special promotions
They have high end shopping in the hotel and a mall across the street.  Room service is at a premium but have great food.
Watch out for frequent visitors - Javalines!!!   Caution don't get too close they can charge and bite.   Call Bell Service for a golf cart to take you anywhere in the resort or bring comfortable walking footwear. No longer a Hilton property but they are still honoring Hilton rewards.
Nice modern rooms with new furniture.  Close to the baseball field where major league teams practice preseason.  Close to Tempe marketplace for shopping.
Worst customer service hope these people change or they gonna be out of business I hope Steve Wynn has better judgement on people he hires to be in his business
Don't support a business where the owner is quoted saying "Rich people only like being around rich people. Nobody likes being around poor people, especially poor people." Scumbag!
Duck carved table side at Wing Lei
Nice hotel. Good food. Good service. Great rooms. It's a 5 star hotel.
The best buffet with an abundance of vegan options, many of which are made to order!
Buffet with Atmosphere and food.  SCORE!!!!
nice for kids
A really nice place
Ballin'!!!
Great overall experience! Vegan-friendly dining is the best feature!
You better hope nothing bad ever happens to you at the Wynn because if it does, they will not take responsibility, and will make it seem like it's your fault. Thanks Wynn valet for vandalizing my car!
Clean room and facilities matching 5 star quality, but service is below standards. Definitely not worth  the price. Try booking Aria or Cosmopolitan instead.
Love staying here every time we come to Vegas
He sure to take a snap with Popeye
This is probably TMI, but this casino has the best restrooms. Let's be honest, we all end up needing to go #2 at some point in the day and Wynn's stalls are as private as it gets!
Amazing place to be with friends...
Amazing!
Day 2!
:$
If you come to Vegas for work this is the place to stay.
Aria view.
Back again.
If you're pulling a trailer there not allot of parking so get there early if you can.
Swank.
Wow great service and good rooms.
3 day seminar
Great place .. MGM grand pretty cool casino
Be sure to print out your earned tickets/rewards, as they may disappear during the day.  They won't issue a replacement even if it shows you earned the points for it.
Wine and beer comes with dinner; having a Merlot.
Love
cheap eatsat the coffee shop
You know that place the victorian room? Place is shit. Terrible's is the hidden gem. USDA prime steak and eggs for $6.99
Awesome place!
Country fried steak! Best in Vegas!
Vegas, baby!
Eaten here once and liked it. So now to see if that was a fluke.
Rest before a big night
jacuzzi Suite party!
Not a bad place to stay. It's near everything, mall,strip,Wynn etc
They don't say it on check in, the mandatory 17 dollar resort fee includes a newspaper, suite Internet access, gym access, free local calls.
Bring your own ice. -__-
$1 high life and $1hotdogs
25-7 happy hour at Friday's
Who knew a classy place like this had $1.99 overnight breakfast skillet meals? Too bad I sleep early now that I'm a dad.
This place is a must-see! Creative, amazing architecture and design. Incredible.
It's okay...
A nice hotel on the strip, but no amenities.
Buffet costs a lot but totally worth it
$1 blackjack
Cheap beer, cheap poker, AND Karaoke!!!
I love the 1/2NL poker by the front door!
Ree is the best cocktail server in this place!
Simply the best hotel.  Love it
Lion king time.
Lounging by the pool with blackjack and fruity drinks
Pool is free for ladies!
So swanky. Gotta remember to keep my pinky high in the air.
:)
Nice!
We meet again
Amazing delicious breakfasts with excellent coffee and classical music playing in the background.
Took 3 times to get the right room. A nice 3 star hotel. Missing the 4 star from last week.
A hotwire favorite, resto-bar downstairs, large clean rooms with balconies!
99 cent margaritas!!
Water fountain show every 15 minutes
Very nice...especially for the price!
Been here forever . Off the hook as usual. No complaints all access.
Black jack..
Pretty legit I'd have to say....
Pleasure pit! Up $250 yayuhhhh!
Can't wait for some Earl of sandwich!!!!
Trying to find the secret pizza....... ..
Pool area is great. Cabana rentals range from $175-$500. Service... Not so great. We checked in at 3:00, finally had our room ready at 5:30. Rooms are decent. Won't be staying here again.
Back in Vegas again! :)
Queensryche!!!
Have to love Free Buffets!!!!!
Don't eat the sausage lol
Oh my. We just had to switch rooms cause there SO MANY roaches in our rooms. Ugh!!!!
Vegas!!!!
Hooker infestation in the early am hours.
Hidden troves of food and beverages for free if you know how to find them !
Sky suites!
Winning ; ) kicked ass at black jack!
Check in is taking forever! :/
Girls love spontaneity
UNLVino....over sold, crowded, no manners, less vendors! The reason I haven't attended in 2 years. Wife got free tickets is why we're here.
This is the best Non-gaming resort in Vegas, my 2 yr old loves the kittie pool, the activities ctr has a list of movies you can take to your room, the under ground parking helps w/the heat, the feel of the room and lobby feels like luxury, the 1 bedroom suite is HUGE. The staff is always there.
Early check in fee of $16!
Penthoise
Night cap
Great rooms
Vegas!!
Volume control for music by the pool is on the wall by indoor pool enterance
Late checkout available til 2pm nb your room card will be deactivated at noon but reception can reactivate
Great buffet!
Great buffet! Love the breaded butterflied shrimp.
Great locals casinos. Great giveaways!
A quick sandwich at my fav spot!
Mmmmmm scallops.
Sign up for the players club.
Awesome hotel. Definitely would recommend.  Best part: NO STROLLERS!
This place is awesome! Glad we stepped outside of our comfort zone "the strip".
Here to see the water show
Why does it smell like toilet in the lobby today?
Stay in one of the suites for a great view.
Get a 24 hour buffet pass.
Late afternoon lunch
Okay food for late night eatery
Everything I like here feels like home
Bathroom dirty like a 1980 truck stop
Pool is open at 7am, great way to beat fellow pool-goers for some quiet time.
Great price and near the strip.
ATM between bar and cashier only charges $1
I played Bingo with Mom here, it's her regular bingo spot, and I won!!!Woo hoo!!!
Secret pizza.....yum
Try to get in tower 5. It's got working elevators and is really conveniently located, easy access to the parking garage. No one comes to Vegas to hang out in their own hotel, right? Seriously in need of repair, but it will soon be one of the most expensive places on the strip when it becomes the Linq resort...stay while it's cheap! Location, location, location!
We stayed in a long tower suite.  The room was amazing but we could hear helicopters and the  Initials starting at 9am.
Am I going crazy, or did Luxor (and pretty much every other MGM property) jack their rates up big time over the last few months? I usually do a trip in November, but at $200/night for a basic room, I think I'll pass this year.
Phenomenal. Customer service is amazing!
Love me some big Elvis. Best free entertainment in Vegas! A must see!
Go on the pool slide!
I can't....Oh wait, I guess I can believe that after giving a reveiw "and a online Mandalay Bay survey", they would've tried to address some of the issues we had while staying there. Next time, we're going somewhere else.
Parking - Each (indoor) parking level is split between A and B.  The elevators to the hotel lobby are only on Level A's and you must walk on a narrow walkway to get there... Be aware that the path for cars are just as narrow... please be careful and use the mirrors on the wall to see if a car is coming towards you when turning the corner to approach the next level of the parking.  Wifi - instant connection and continuous when in the lobby.  Even did FaceTime with no issues.
They did away with all Happy Hours - drinks are too expensive for the area
Carpark AND valet is FULL again. It's not even 1pm. Bah.
Valet parking is always full! Self-parking is ok.... if you're checking in and self-parking, better to drop off your bags and companions at the lobby before parking. The walk through the miracle mile mall to the hotel is a crazy trek.
Late night food: Pink's hotdogs till 1am. Pin-up pizza till 4am. Earl of sandwich is 24hours. ABC for drinks and snacks till 12.30am. BurGR open till 12am. Starbucks (main) is 24hours.
I loved the Gumbo and House of Blues Salad
Walking...
Party time
Bummed that Tutti Gelati closed down!!! Still a very laid back place.....nice!!!
3.99 footlong hotdog, chips and a drink!
Rocking band on Friday nights!!!
Is this place beeper friendly??
Had a great afternooon cheap drinks and played $1 pool hot dog dispointment. good place to waste time for not a lot of $
Awesome place. Especially Geraldo .. great guy!  Loved spending time here.
Mal ein Tipp auf Deutsch: Hier kommst du vom Auto zum Zimmer ohne durch ein lrmendes Casino laufen zu mssen.
Free and fast Wifi available in all areas in the hotel, casino and the restaurants
Off to track xown the rest of the boys.
MNF at the sports book.
If you request something to be fixed expect a letter under your door the day before rent is due (with NO explanation or reason).. according to the egotistical fat bastard manager he feels the need to control the lives of others!  WTF is wrong with people???
Hackers unite at DefCon
Roller Derby.....Go Hell Louise Lilly!!!!
Value casino/hotel on the north end of strip. Top comedy club and hella cheap buffets. This is oldskool vegas.
Derby derby derby time!!!!!
Watching roller derby
Its Derby Time
Yikes! Just booked a night stay before I read your reviews! Uh oh
Check in process took a long time, make sure you print out ALL reservation info and conformation numbers!
Nothings open late to eat :-(
Never again. This place sucked from start to finish. I'm still mad.
The beds are VERY firm. Not soft and coushy to my liking
The baby lions are adorable!
Stayed Meny Tymes Here, Clean, Friendly, And Good Prices
Very Clean RestRooms
Cheap orbitz deals!
Sick new rooms. Plenty of vacancy
Foods good. Lil overpriced though
Ugh! You call this a HDTV, looks like a rejected Ikea prop that the Riviera took and made it work
Horrible experience here.  Ed Castillo treated us poorly.  Never come back here again.
Beautiful Rooms
Free continental breakfast.
Weeeeeee!
Love the riviera. Can't beat $14 a night.
Old. Cheap. My room reeked of weed. I mean reeked.
This is not a hotel to stay in. It is a hotel for laying down and avoiding.
This place lacks modern amenities most take for granted. That said, it is still a part of the old las Vegas that is near extinction. One can easily bypass the ridiculous check in line with the express machine if you use a credit card. This "resort" is also featured in many movies including casino,21
Top shelf status...LOL
Finally made it in.
The beginning of a long weekend.
Comedy club was the best part!
Graveyard. Only some senior citizens are roaming around. Go somewhere else to gamble
Service sucks really bad in bar beside pool!
Pool time!!!!!
Just don't.
Just concluded the Prospects party. Cool turnout. Kids had fun.
Partying last night. Playing today.
Got here late due to Unites Airlines cancelling our flight.  After getting stuck (briefly) in garage elevator we make it to hotel reservations to find that the room I reserved was given away.  Was put in a temp room for one night.  How inconvenient.   Can't unpack because we have to move.
Not bad for the price.  Old, but serves it purpose.  Half of equipment in gym was inoperable.  Parking was a challenge, garage filled IP early. Had to park two blocks away.  Buffet was adequate.  Didn't see any shows, so no comment on them.
The grounds are breath taking.  Very beautiful.  Rooms are nice with an excellent balcony.  Not as glamorous as some, but not bad for the price   Fitness center has potential but almost half of the treadmills were inop.    Lazy river was a big hit.  Son loved the pool.  Great place to escape the heat..  New in-house restaurant has great food at a good price.  There drinks (on the other hand) were over priced.
Kinda far from everything but nice rooms for the price!
So pretty.... parking garage is fancy but not as smart as I would like! Some sensors on spots are off so you think you're driving towards an empty spot but its a lie!
Bonding time with the daughter.
This hotel is run down in my opinion and management doesnt seem to care.  In your room, take off the pillowcases and check out the condition of their pillows.
Dart tournament
Even though my trip didn't go as planned almost had to cancel my trip. I was looking forward to staying at the riveria in the new tower! Glad I went on my mini trip after all! the casino was fun made a little $ rooms were nice & spacious, majority of hotel was clean Definitely can't wait to go back!
It's beautiful we on top floor chillin. Great service & Nice Room. Come here 3 day of having fun.
Kinda dumpy and it smells like weed
Um yeah. It's the Riviera. Think old, out dated, and the sweet smell of dirty Vegas nostalgia.
My new favorite place is Las Vegas! The Riviera is amazing! It's a great place with everything a stones throw away!
Worst hotel ever. I would rather stay at motel 6 than here. Disgusting rooms, came to an uncleared room with half used shampoo bottles, no bar of soaps, broken fridge AND lamp and HORRIBLE customer service throughout the entire hotel.... I think the people who work their hate their jobs just as much as I hated this place. Sometimes customer service makes up for any inconveniences but not this place. Don't be fooled by the pictures, they look nice but it's disgusting.
Love this place. Def my favorite now! This place made up for Riviera's horrible hotel, unsanitary conditions & customer service! Platinum has the best of everything, plus great customer service!!!! Hot tub, 2 tv's, free Internet, beautiful kitchen, Bose radio & so much more to offer... Loving it all!!
Don't stay here unless you want to get electrocuted and robbed by housekeeping
The room was not clean by the time we cheeked in and we had to wait for someone to come and prepare it for us. The price is the only thing which is convenient to go for and nothing else. no service because the thousands of people at the entrance, but the fast chek in machines helps you to speed up the queue.
EXCEPTIONAL friendly service that has gone above and beyond to make me happy and comfortable - enormous cheap penthouse - so far pleasantly surprised!
Pleased with customer service here. It's a property struggling to remain non-union, and in doing so they seem to retain some amazing employees - as all service here has been five star
The Riviera needs to be shut down honestly, it is old, out-dated, and smells of sewer and Cigarette smoke. Even for its low price ppl deserve better.  My boyfriend and I checked in on nov.24th 2013 only to check back out a hr or two later.  The pillows was covered in slob and smelled of morning breath, heat didnt wrk and it was cold and rainy that week.  Plz dnt stay here Staff was nice tho! Thats the only nice thing
Unbelievably long line at 12:51 am. Self check in kiosks are down & only two people working at check in counter. Unprofessional. See picture for proof. There's more people in line behind this very long line. Been in line since 12:25 an, not even to the quarter point.
Wow... It is 2 am and I finally am in my room after arriving at 1220 am. Wait to check in was over 1.5 hours.
Don't stay here!!!
Well worth the $60 upgrade to get two large King Sized beds! Home, Suite Home!!
Use the kiosk to check in lines were fairly long.
In line waiting to check in, 20 people in line... 2 receptionists...
Go here for clean rooms at low rates
Parking is hard to find
No coffee pots in the rooms.
Check in early
Play at the crap table
Sign up for players card and they will give you the first $100 you lose on the slots
Was just there with hubby, room are fairly clean staff kinda rude and magic show was ok not for the price though lucky I got half off tickets on groupons
Dirty, filthy, run-down, smelly, crack-hotel feel to this place! Carpeting is stained and dirty. Towels are old, stained, & dirty. Beds are old, dirty, and stained. Walls are old, dirty, and stained. Bed spread full of hair. It is almost midnight and we cannot even force ourselves to stay here another minute! Camping in a tent in the middle of the woods is cleaner
Just make sure they notice you, and it's all gravy after that!!
Dirty and dated casino and hotel. Go next door to Wynn instead.
Never again!This place is horrible!
Do not stay here. Our keys had to be re keyed 7 times. Come to find out the battery was dead in the door and they had to send a locksmith.  The bath tub ended up cracking the maintaince man told us it was old and about to break any day. .they charged  603$ fee to change the bathtub. They would not let me take pictures of it either.  The manager Anna Smith was very rude. Said there's nothing we can.do about the charges. I will never stay here again .Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money
Stay away!!! Disgusting all around!!! Cheap and outdated
Stay as far away as u can. What a dump
Being generous consisting we found two bugs.
F#%k this place! I wish I could shut them down.
Come for the pinball machines and arcade games!
Use the set of 4 elevators that say Down only when going to lobby from room. They are faster than the other set.
They give you a free box of laundry soap for the washing machine. They also sell it downstairs in the store.
Stank hotel, no parking at all vallet is "full" when I clearly see parking spots!
The WIFI keeps abandoning me. Don't leave me!!!!
Free wi-fi has become available in the West Tower! :) AND the connection here is really good.
Add a Tip?..... RUN!
Bring a clock and some light bulbs for your room. Lots of stuff is broken but they do not care because next month the place is being torn down.
Find a different hotel.
This poor place gonna miss it. Am glad I came before its torn down in May
Well there is a reason they are closing this weekend. Nice but straight up 1980.
Gonna miss this place. Had some great memories here and we were fortunate enough to stay here for its last night. RIP Riviera. Thanks for the memories.
$5.49 1/2 lb. Monster Burger WITH fries all day everyday at Marilyn's Caf!!!!
Good memories and good times!! 60 years!! Officially closed it's doors today!!
Melissa Meyer and I are getting our bowl on.
Did the real ceaser live here
Time to ktfo!
Parle ufc 129
Pool partyyyyyyy!
Got us to Vegas in about 3hrs! So sleepy, but so excited! Vegasssss!
Home again.
Start of a night I hope to remember
Home for the weekend.
Home for the next few days.
Dunzoooooooo
Gamble time and drink!
Rooms are really nice!
Fast check in! Got an awesome room with a great city view!!! Plus complimentary strawberries and a card greeting us happy anniv. :)
Lovin aria! They cleaned our room and even organize our stuff. Ddnt steal anything. They even folded my clothes and arranged my make up. :)
Checking out in the room doesn't work despite of all their techy stuff which kind of stupid. Then went to the lobby there was a long line.
O show!
Lovely smell, modern & fun!
Looks like the Matt B guy was talking about a different hotel. Haha!
Bed bug bites everywhere......not digging that
Fantastic restaurant (the Barrymore), but the hotel lobby smelled like fish when we first walked in! (The restaurant didn't.)
Only go to the pool during the day ! At night there are creepy crawlers
Dirty and dated.  Not my cup of tea. The entire building is in need of maintenance.  I'd find other accommodations.
Valet is an idiot
You gotta luv Vegas!!
Free public WiFi or use the internet cafe. Linked to huge underground mall.
Drinks are worth every dollar!
Smells good in here....flower garden
Resting...
Time to go.....
#winning
They have a Butterfly theme..... I'll be staying here next time! :-)
Best free drinks while gambling
Miniature NYC
To the room
LGBT parties starting 20 May 2012.
Great walking casino lots to see and enjoy.
This place is amazing.
Beach Club
Rock&Roll
Just left the club. There are two. Both are fun.    Back again. I'm addicted I think. Wherever there is excellence I'm there.
Go to brand lounge
Free Parking
This place charges you an EXTRA $10 to make a reservation by PHONE!!!
Try parking on the 3rd floor of the parking garage so that you can walk directly into the casino via the vestibule
FAST elevators...only 27 sec to the 19th floor, and that includes the door opening AND closing and stopping at another floor
Avoid the parking garage elevators if possible. Doors take FOREVER to open, even when pushing 'door open' button
Centrally located on the strip...nice smaller casino. Could use a few more restaurants.
Awesome! Great music! Only thing is large drink is $32.
Beautiful bar area!
Front desk is super slow
Cheap rates amazing rooms always stay here when in Vegas. Recommended  to everyone
Just arrived this morning. Once I have tips I'll post them.
Die Zimmer sind der Hammer
Attention aux frais de "resort"  26$ par jour pour accs  la piscine et au fitness.
Piscine ouverte de 7h  22h
Clim trs bruyante
Don't fall for the hype-your money can get you so much more-so many better options in Vegas.
Home for last night in Vegas
Home
Home for next few nights
Home for the night $42
Home for next two nights
Our rest stop for our trip
Blinds are remote controlled.
Good location, walking distance to the new and the old in the strip. And yes, the beds are freaking hard, but this is LV, no sleep required
North Tower is pretty nice but no fridge nor ventilation in the bathroom. The room is nice and big.
We are back!
Good Morning!
Breakfast!
Breakfast!
Oh, you fancy, huh? It is super cute in here!!
here for lady gaga tomorrow , yay
missed my original flight, but made it :)
Nice casino floor. A bit dark but clean and widespread. I love the "bourough" with all the counter service restaurants.
The pool is cold, the rooms are huge, the mattresses are terrible. Take it or leave it. But you still have to sit through a timeshare presentation. Bleh
Oooh fancy...  tv in the bathroom mirror
Gotta hit the wave pool
The concierge can print your boarding pass for you.
Great place to bring the family, the cabana was perfect for our little boy 4th bday
Love this hotel, they just need to provide a refrigerator instead of a mini bar.  If you bump it or move anything, you are charged immediately! A big epic fail on mandalays part boooo!
Fav part is that XS is downstairs :)

They have free wifi.
Air quality is thick with smoke going through the casino. Would not recommend if you have asthma or allergies.
You can get a free luxor keychain at the Mlife booth
Fight night. Can you say Hangover 3?
Definitely a place to people watch.
Lets go friday!
Work!
Love staying here! If you need peace & quiet to sleep stay in the west tower and enjoy the amazing view of the Bellagio fountains.  If you don't mind music thumping all night stay in the east tower and you might catch a few of the pool concerts from your balcony.  Like that they provide you with a rubiks cube instead of flowers.
Going to eat at Don Vitos. Up next... My review.
Make sure you ask for a room with a window.
We made it...24 hrs later lol, there goes $500 for a lost night.
After party done right at the homie's suite. Roll through rm 2357..no fat girls :P
Free water at check-in in this town??? Amazing!!!
Suite life of Zak & Cody my azz! Beautiful!
Don't come here trying to get an uber x from airport. This is still airport range so cabs have monopoly
Service sucks!!! Call for a luggage cart hours before you need one!
Book a Go-room or Go Suite. Rooms are great, beds are SO comfortable. Pool party was awesome and free, except those drinks we kept buying in those cute re-usable pink cups. I've NEVER had an issue with this place! The salon is AMAZING! The wedding chapel staff was GREAT! Overall 100% satisfied.
AVOID this place. Worst bed ever, and we were supposedly in an upgraded room. I was so drunk and couldn't pass out on that thing. Oh, and by far the WORST customer service starting with Valet, and followed through the entire stay.
Dollar margaritas and michelobs. Dollar ATM fee!! Two dollar tequila shots! How do they stay in business?! :)
20x odds on craps makes this the best place to play craps on the strip
$1 Michelobe & $1Frozen Margaritas
$1 beers
I can't believe how many people are in Vegas for Xmas.
Pirate show!
Karaoke night!
$1 frozen Baileys
Want to play switch blackjack but there are no empty seats. So crowded!
In the parking lot and already impressed.
Shit hole...love it
$1.00 bottles of Michelob light and  heavy!!!!
TGIF
What a long week its finally Friday have a good weekend TH peeps..
TGIF .
TGIF@
Pure aloha
Watching the fireworks....happy new year to everyone...takecare and God bless
Go Hawaii
One of the most UN-PC slot machines, Mr. Lucky, is back by the Subway.
When you die at the Palace, you really die at the Palace.
Blackjack!
1$ margaritas :)
Good black jack tables
Valet!!!!!
They have cigars!!
Great hostess girls bring drinks fast
Woohooo, $400 slot play!
Don't forget to tip your dealers!
:)
Horse game!
Horse game round 2!
I just tripped over a stroller on the gaming floor! Nice parenting! Apparently babies love smoke, vulgarity and loud noises! :p
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
$3 craps tables and $5 blackjack switch tables. $5 Single deck blackjack.
Love the slots here... The free play is a waste of time!
Bar sucks, bartenders pretend to forget to give change back on numerous occasions. No comp for slot play.
I'm not sure what happened to this place. The past 3 visits have been really bad. No draft beer at the bars now, food court closed, and not even enough players to get a 6PM poker tournament started on a Friday night.
Automated betting machines not working.
Stay for more than 3 nights and u will get an awesome deal ! :D - no more $1 margaritas though .... :(
No more $1 margaritas !  Still $1 Michs tho
Craps a winner!!
$5 blackjack switch!!!!! Enough said
Cheap dranks
Parking is hard to find. They are doing some construction. Call for directions.
This place is dog friendly! With the new construction it's very hard to find.
$50 free slot play and dollar beer! Casino hopping is starting to be really fun
$1 Michelob bottles at the casino bar
$1 beer, $2 well shots, low buy in tables. Love this place!
White Castle Opening Soon. In about a month. As reported by KSNV News (NBC).
Five stars just because the casino only has a one dollar fee on the ATMs!!
Terrible and rude managers running the place
Blackjack Switch $5 minimums
Blackjack Switch with $15 minimums
STAY AWAY. MACHINES THAT STEAL MONEY. This casino eats $20 bills magically somehow and the slot manager's solution is "this never happens" and literally walks away.
Great location
Do not Valet until they get it together!  Paid $20 to stay in front, said ok & parked it. #BaitAndSwitch
Since it's new being your hard earned cash because it is pricier!!
Still the best!
Checked in at 5.30am, room is lovely, perfect view over the lake. Happy :) and tired after driving all night...
Perfect location with a non smoking modern suite directly linked to Bellagio, with an amazing view too.
At the pool. It's alright. Pretty average really as pools go.
Pool party!
Nice room!
Great place to gamble!!
Not a bad hotel, if all u need if a bed.
Talk to the midget
Go in the Fall season, roomrates are much lower
12.95 resort fee at time of check-in.
Get here early when they open if u want a chair!
Having breakfast w/ tony n bea at the pool bar carribian rum French toast w fresh fruit very good!
I love this hotel!
Bellagio ballroom. Canon charity for kids.
Big ups to Cables to Go! Michelle & Kim!
Woot Woot!
I love las Vegas
Give me a 2 cuz my husband sells shoes ....
Big money big money
I'm in the negative :-(
Vegas!!!!!! I'm feeling lucky
Cruda time
Vamomos
Drunk
30$ on red !!!!
Fight Night!!!!
I am, it appears, forever in Vegas.
Surprise!
Very nice hotel! I want to stay here next time....
Happy hour 2 to 5
The free shuttle was great plus a money saver!
Live it up!
Beautiful... simply gorgeous! And it smells hella fresh to def here!
Ez walking to Paris casino and planet hollywood
Corner one bedroom suite has floor to ceiling windows, jacuzzi, full kitchen, living, dining room, & 2 bathrooms!
Ask for upgrades (nominal fee) at check in.  They're worth it.
Free shuttles run every 10-15 minutes to Wynn and Caesar's Palace.
Almost time for the first #YSB event. But first its time for food and blackjack. #TwoOhSixVegas
Not staying here this time, but it feels good to be back.
#YSB bar crawl has begun. Might as well call it the #UYBCVegas! @YelpLV #TwoOhSixVegas
Love by Cirque du Soleil is amazing!
Got to try the spa!
Bring your patience when checking in. Slow and under staffed.
Awesome awesome show!!! Tasteful, sexy and extremely talented. Congratulations to Jennifer and all of the girls for putting on such a fantastic show!!
There are nicer places to stay.
Mango with an extra shot!! Yumm!!!!!!
Nothing beats Viva Las Vegas, nothin' at all.
Wish the rooms had mini fridges! Then it would really be perfect.
Woot!
Kick ass!
Awesome awesome waitress for slots near Rok. Make sure your waitress is Won. Yes,Won.
Rooms are super sharp & classy
Fitness facilities are included!
Lisa at the jello shot bar is the best! Its at the skyway entrance facing NYNY
Highly recommended!
The elevators = death trap!
Their Wi-Fi is a joke. IF it works, it's extremely slow. And then they charge an outrageous amount to use the computers in the Business Center. Guess the Casino isn't bringing in much money for them...
Casino floor bouncers are a bunch of assholes and tools.
First time here!.... heard about good buffet. Breakfast $6.99 , lunch $8.99... line is long~~~~~
Parking fee $10per day. When you check in to hotel they linked your room key to parking access.
Season special.
Finally, something on the strip with water fountains (located by the bathrooms).
Buffet is soooo worth the $40
In and out is the shit!!
Smoking free! Considered "off strip" but it's a 2min walk to Aria casino on strip. Very chic.
wifis free for guests and hotel people as well thankfully. also they have a mini hair dryer, towels, mini shampoo, conditioner, body gel, moisturizer, and soap. just no toothpaste so make sure to bring some of that
Old ass rooms! They are soo cheap here that they turn off the ac every time they clean the room in hot Las Vegas. Our room has a view of plumbing and a wall. Look at pics I posted
At Silverado Lounge getting a drink before the movie.
The staff was great. KT was extremely helpful. A clean and welcoming hotel for those who are staying in Vegas near/for the strip.
Wifi not working and construction going on so no market to buy snacks and drinks.
Nice place plus they got free breakfast. And a friendly staff
I wasn't built for Vegas ... Oh well.
Oh yes, got our rooms on lock! Watch out now...
Comfortable!
Stopping for lunch Wichcraft yummmm
Food here is Fab.  Service is amazing. Rooms are spacious. My fav suite is Executive Hospitality... Talk about BIG!
Watching the water show outside Bellagio Hotel.
They charge you for everything. The coffee in our room cost $4. If you want a cup 27cent. I would not go back here.
Nice!
Monte Carlo- employees are friendly and very helpful.  Food Court: Subway, Rubios, Mc Donald(open 24hr.) Nathan's hot dog, Starbucks, pizza and Chinese food
Nice suite
My husbands favorite hotel. Nice suite. There's nothing for kids, to me it's more like a party hotel.
Up scale place  with good service
Right off the free way, lots of parking, and really cold A/C
They offer valent service for $15 per day
Having lunch and relaxing.
Beautiful!
Super 8 at the super 8....  haha ....
This is was one of the worst motel experiences I had.
Great place to stay if trying to save money & stay close to the strip!
Bad Brains!
Buffet was ok, unlimited wine helped a bit. Food was ok.
Great pool area!
No internet access in rooms.
Bring a fan, rooms are really warm no matter what temp you put thermostat on.
Steaks are bland, bring your own spices
Bring ur own sheets!
Delicious as always at studio b buffet
Yeee
champs block #shiazo
The craps manager is disrespectful and talks rude!
The pet relieve area is quite far from the lobby & elevators
3 bd suite
Poker room is mainly low-limit hold em and 1-2 no-limit. Good mix of locals and tourists. Great service.
Nice hotel rooms!!
Forum Shoppes! Need I say more...
Huge suites! This and the Venetian can't be beat!
Wave pool isn't very busy!!?
Loving the spacious terrace room!!
Blackjack after clubbing
Hip hip hip
... I'm back!!!
Roulette!! Always bet on black!!
So modern and clean for so little money!
Raid roach kill is a must. Follows by disinfecting wipes, and booze.
Buy water, or any drinks off the strip. Walgreens across the street is very overpriced. Must visit wicked spoon.
Beware shady internet policy: you pay around $15 PER DEVICE: I paid $$ for using face time on my phone while checking email on my laptop.
The Curvaceous Girls are rockin' it at Plush BBW Nightclub!! You're coming right?
American Glass Trade Show
Security is great!
Checking out..nice rooms large tub and kitchenette
Poorly maintained The sleeper sofa came over on the mayflower NEVER AGAIN!!!!
From the minute i walked in i was greeted by Brenda at the front desk, and she was outstanding.  She was very friendly and helpful troughout my stay. She is a great asset to this property. It is people like her that better guest's first impressions when they walk in. Overall i  really enjoyed my stay here.  The room was a little outdated but very spacious and clean.  I got more than i expected from this place.  Will definitely stay here again.
Keep your money! This place stole over $2000 from us. The least they could have done was apologize but not even that happened now we are pressing charges
Going down hill fast.
For food avoid their restaurant high price, low number if selection cooked poor to fair. Hard Rock across the street has the Mr Lucky restaurant. ..best idea
Smoke filled casion use side entrance. Dennys 2 blks away as is home depot and walgreens. When you realize u 4got something
I stayed here for two days, in room 2353. I was looking forward to the two story crown royal suite... It was a piece of shit!! The room was disgustingly filthy, and the air units were falling off the wall!  I had made arrangements for late checkout, and then they called the morning of departure to say "we cannot honor your late checkout"  This hotel needs to be featured on HOTEL IMPOSSIBLE !
Always call to confirm your reservation! And Don't use the Wi-Fi its not worth it. $12.99 per day. No thanks lol
Bug infestation. HORRIBLE excuse for customer service. Stay away.
Make sure you check the mattresses for bed bugs
Very clean and well up kept hotel. .. very friendly staff and prompt with needs. .
Last time I was here was 4 months ago and nothing had changed! BUGS BUGS BUGS!!
Great pool!
If you are leaving on an early flight, or coming in on a late flight, plan on taking a taxi...the airport shuttle runs 7am to 9pm
My tip is for the same price or less go across the street and stay at the Hard Rock Casino and Resort.
The pool in the back is not crowded, heated & has a jacuzzi.
breakfast
It was ok. Tuscany is better. I was grossed out over the carpet.
I'm in a suite and it's amazing! This place is bigger than my condo. I may pull a Howard Hughes and never leave!!!!!
bedbugs, bedbugs, bedbugs, do not stay at this so called resort..
Bed bugs Bed bugs Bed bugs!!!!!
Great wifi!!
Beware!!! I just noticed someone tried using my credit card fraudulently one week after staying here. I only used it here during my Vegas trip.
Parking is $7 for first 4 hours at any MGM property
No guest parking. Valet only.
Steak and eggs!!! Yup, I know. Its early...
Just for one night. Ballinnnnnnn
Always valet, carrying shit blows.
So it begins
Cheap hotel because of renovations. Original room was not going to have a view or a window we could open so we paid $10 each day for an upgrade.  Some upgrade...room didn't have a shower curtain, the hall light does not work and they did not clean our room even after special request
One bedroom suite with a balcony, totally worth the upgrade!
Chelsea ballroom for Super Bowl Party !
Love my view
Check out the grand lux cafe
Love Caesars, check out the forums shops, it's always nice to stay here
If you want to see the remodeled Sahara hotel. Here it is .
Check in as early as possible
faggot ass workers in valet stole my AUX cord out of my car motherfuckers!!!!!
$7.99 Steak & eggs
ohhh you fancy huh!!!!!
Bed is springy!!!!
Convenient walk to the strip.  The stay wasn't bad for the price if you don't mind the prostitutes, pimps, drug dealers and their customers lurking through the parking lot until the wee hours in the morning.
The On Site Mini Mart has closed.
#teammotel6
Has roaches!!!!!!
Excellent service. Very pleased with our stay.
It's nothing special at all but it's right at the heart of the strip. Low price, convenience, friendly staff. Who could complain?
They also will accept up to 2 pets per room, which are under 50 lbs and crated in room if left unattended. For an additional fee of course.
Slowest internet ever!!!
AAA discount works here.
The bed is Heavenly 
The bed is Heavenly 
Comfortable bed
So quiet here
finally at the room #VegasNYE @bigbuttnsmile @toolegit2twit @darealjwall
$2 drinks!
Make sure you understand the billing. They gave us one bill without telling us it was only half. Last person to check out footed the rest.
Clean, quiet & great price.
No shuttle ! Host was friendly and nice ::a total plus:: room was okay. Love Westin beds! Decor was bland and the TV was old and fuzzy.
Tv doesnt work in BR. Beds r kinda hard.
Really impressed. Nice pillows. Warm comforter n layers so u r not freezing! Simple and modern.   Bed is not AS soft as I like, but it's not bad.
Complimentary drinks between 530 and 630.. Quiet rooms, clean and modern with good amenities
if you don't have a reason to be here...don't make the journey off the strip
Starbucks open 24 hours!
Blackjacks are 3to2 payout
Save your money.  Shitty place.
In town for my sisters wedding
Not as good as other Westins.
There is a resort fee but it includes free wi fi, bottled water and more so not too shabby huh?
They have great strawberry daiquiris.
Nice hotel but old and tired carpets in desperate need of remodeling.
Bid on Priceline to get an amazing price!
Gym has free individually packaged ear buds in case you forgot yours.
Worn out. Smelly. Terrible room service. Casino has zero vibe.
Daily $20 resort fee includes valet parking and happy hour (with food, beer, and wine)!
Guests enjoy bottomless drinks in the casino bar from 6 to 10 p.m. - all-you-can drink martinis, margaritas, or beer. Bottoms up!
Didn't know about Westin Gear Lending. Only $5 (for your entire stay) to use New Balance shoes and clothing so you can pack lighter. I'll remember this for my future business trips - I only bring my suit and dress shoes and can't utilize the exercise room. Oh, and you get to keep the socks!
Day one has been a success. No problems with rooms and Bryce at the front desk made us feel so welcomed. Sending us positive energy as we're tired from our 6 hour drive!
Free WiFi at Starbucks
Jubilee tower is where you want to stay. Nicely renovated
Don't miss their daily happy hour from 6pm to 7pm!!!
Love staying at the Westin. They always take great care of us.
Off Strip and pretty nice inside, but don't plan to sleep well, if you are light sleeper. People never sleep in Vegas: loud talk in hallways until 4-5 am every night!
No microwave or mini fridge in our room. So you can't bring back leftovers, which is crazy. The "Casino", pool and jacuzzi are all VERY small.
The standard rooms are really nice. Very clean comfy and modern.
good
Stay away this resort sucks - not even clean!! The property is ran down!
Blah
The 2 bedroom is very comfy make sure you request a pool view !! Asap
Honeycomb hideaway :-)
Pure relaxation poolside pretty amazing
Omg time for buffet
Couldn't miss the seafood Buffett at studio B ! Of course not amazing !
Marquee duh
@ Javier's
Must try buffet!! It's awesome!
This place has the worst customer service. They don't care about the customer or loyalty at all. They just take your money and run. Do not stay here. Also don't believe what the website tells you when you book your room. It's a complete lie. They give you whatever is left over in terms of room type.
This hotel continues on its downward spiral. It is obvious that the management team does not care and it shows. Now to add insult to injury they are now charging a "resort fee" of $ 20 a night. All for hotel rooms that a motel 6 could beat in cleanliness. I witnessed a room service tray sit in the hallway for over 36 hours. Stay away from here or severely lower your expectations. It is sad. This used to be a great hotel.
With the crew for NAB Show.
Dinner then sleep. Tired
Here for wppi.
Buffet sucks before 3:30. They take out the crab and shrimp at 3:30. Were here at 1:30 and stuff is gross.
Oh yeah
Checked in on the 23 rd floor.  Ballin !
Ayyyeeeee
The ghost bar!!!!!
Crappy hotel :/
Checking out. Thank you, MGM! Always fun :-)
Fight weekends are crazy.  Check in will take additional time as the line is crazy long.  Staff is very good.  Friendly and professional.
More of a snack bar next to sports book, but they do serve an acceptable bagel and lox... and day old Krispy Kreme donuts.
Get to the pool early to reserve a seat
I used to love this place. Lately it's been going down hill. Last trip in December we had cold water for showers the first 2 days. This time I have no a/c in my room. It's 85 in our room. I can't sleep up at 4 am. What a vacation. NOT!!!!
Have lunch my the Gondolas and perhaps some vino !!!
Have Faith - Be Brave !!! Drew Seven (7) Cards to get 21 and Beat the Dealer's 18 at the Blackjack Table - So unusual they let me take a photo !!!
We're here! Vegas baby!
Cool place loved it
Pool closes at 6
Beware of the resort fee not included in the price adds 22.40 per day!!!!
Wow! They have a beach?!?
Have the concierge book your show  tickets when you check in- you'll get the best possible tickets with no markups or service charges.
The front pool is best, get Chris to negotiate the terms of your umbrella!
Very good service
The pool is awesome here
Club tower is best
Ask for a high floor
The Chandelier Bar is really nice.
Very quiet most of the time but book ahead for any service, like massage, facial or hair appointment.
4 shots of goose down!!!! Yeeeee
Cash plays.
Thank you Mr. Bango
Good food, good music, great place to hang out.
Time to make some monays
Seems a bit dated and needs some remodeling.  Don't use the tub.   Eew!
so nice that I dun want to go home now
charging for wifi in vegas? are u kidding?
Huge new hotel.by MGM. feels and looks decent.
Shop and drop
Great business hotel
Waited forever to check-in. They messed up our reservations; gave us two doubles instead of a king. Returned keys, got a new, supposedly non-smoking room, which was caked in old cigarette smoke.   Not a great first impression...
Empty box sitting in the hall for 2 days
Nice new Hampton Inn property with adjacent Marriott property being built in front. Walking distance to Primanti's, Denny's, Burger King and Dunkin Donuts.
You can print out your Boarding pass at The Business Center,  a few steps next to The Roasted Bean.  They have 3 computer's,  friendly staff will bring you what you printed :)  FREE of course!
One of my favorite off-strip places to stay in Vegas. Close but not too close.
Really close to the strip.
You better get to breakfast by 9:00 because the mean lady shuts it down with a militancy matched only by Gen. George S. Patton.
the free breakfast is great!!
Found out other people left the hotel for the same reasons I did dirty rooms and apparently there was a problem with some water sprinklers going off inside the property in the middle of the night that would explain the muggy wet smell inside but that should have been explained. I found out by word of mouth . Other families at the same event I was comparing Hotels ... Some just happened to be at The Embassy and we all agreed without a doubt staff is "rude"
Free breakfast!
Lobby reeks of smoke, poor ventilation.
Vegas wknd with my girls!!
Free wifi!!
LOVE the pole dancers at the entrance.
Great for alcoholics!
Made to order omelettes at breakfast every morning!
Self parking is no longer free.  As of Monday, non-residents get the first hour free and then must pay a fee depending on how long you park
Get extra bed sheets to cover up the sofa and chair.
If you want to shower, put your name down when you check in!
I'm here for a 2 day seminar This hotel smell's like smoke if you like to smoke cigarettes this is the place for you.
$4 steak and eggs, 24/7 :)
Pretty decent, cheap food but prepare for a verrryy long wait for big groups of people.
Close to the strip and cheap rooms. Also very big rooms!
Eat at Marilyn's Cafe!!
Has a great gelato place and an arcade for kids. The ever-changing garden is always a delight.
12am-6am $3.99 steak and eggs.
Longer check in lines than the clubs in Vegas. I don't get it.
Finally, I am here! Looking stylish!
Clean, fast customer service
I'm glad we stayed here
First stopppp: Steak & Eggs!
#timeshareee
I hope the gambling gods give me something to be extraaa thankful forrrr
Beautiful, huge rooms; perfect hot showers; very friendly staff.
I frigging love this hotel. Big room and big bed after big day on the strip = YAY!
Just here to look around, but the crowds of white trash here are astounding. Glad I didn't get a room here...
Gotta say, this is probably the EASIEST place to park and get in/out, on the strip.
Our maid didn't show until after 5pm. Had to cancel dinner reservation. The manager offered us a coupon for a free pizza.!
Beware the resort fees. They will charge even more for wifi in room. The resort fee scam is popular now.
Beware the resort fees. They will charge even more for wifi in room. The resort fee scam is popular now.more like an efficiency apt. Not a suite!  One room.
Ugh. Not one good night sleep. Schmuck overhead was moving all night and walls are thin as paper. Won't be back...ever.
Stodgy, smoky, and unimpressive.
$5 steak and eggs!
Very disappointing. Many hotel in Vegas, avoid this one. Hidden additional fees, very noisy AC in the room. We payed extra fees to get around the pool and for a balcony which we didn't had. NON smoking room had a strong cigarette smells and our key door was working one time ouf of 20. Beware: hotwire mention free Internet access but its 14$ to have it in the room. Its only free at the bar. For all our problems, the staff told us, there is nothing we can do to help , it's a not our fault.
Great hotel with all the amenities and friendly staff. The hotel is nicely-designed and looks like a good get-away.
Come early for good poolside chairs @ Wet Republic.
Dress up when you come here!
Love this place!
it seriously is las vegas' best kept secret!!!
Players Club gives you 20% off food if you are over 50!
Stay on an upper floor.
As a local, I always come here for their midnight special steggs. Definitely better than Silver Sevens. If you're nearby the strip and hungry after midnight, give this place a try.
Good service. Friendly . We can say WOW I love this place. I'll come back.
Crappy service , low class help. Management needs to learn about customer service. Over all bad experience
As much as they say you get "free" internet included in your resort fee, you actually have to pay another $9.99 to use it after a 24 hours in the hotel. Beware.
LOVE the size of the room! Nice property,  will be returning!
The hotel is really nice. The hens clucking and taking 20 minutes to check me in not so much!! Boys get yer crap together and be professional instead of bitching about your new coworker!
Not for people with high standards.
Ein vollstndiges Frhstck zu zweit fr ca. 20$, wo auer im Marilyn's Caf gibt es das im Zentrum von Las Vegas ?
Wann immer mglich, sollte man ein "Fountain View" Zimmer vorziehen. Die Aussicht ist unvergesslich.
Truly a hidden gem....
Really enjoy the Mexican food.  I enjoy the senior specials on the menu.
Just as others mentioned: cheap construction, thin walls and floors equal a noisy hotel where you can hear every footstep above and every door slam.  We stayed in C102 closest to the exit leading to the casino. There's a massive electric pump motor winding up, then grinding to a halt with a thud all night. Seriously, it sounds like a truck backing into the building every few minutes.   The front desk was professional and pleasantly dismissive. Apparently they're used to it.   Just don't do it.
We loved this hotel. It's quiet, beautiful, and priced right. We will be back.
GO Luxury room with a view, so nice ;) And don't forget to check Flamingo website for discounts!
Mais Csar Il a vraiment vcu ici?
Great experience here at Aria! First class all the way to the staff.
Expect a long ass line!
Damn this place is boojee!
Become a Total Rewards member, it pays off.
jabbawockeez =)
2 Bedroom Suite! Yay!
Oh my bad! 3 Bedroom Suite!!! YES! KCC IS IN VEGAS!
Just for the night.. Thank you Mr "item" for hookin us up with a suite instead of a standard.. Nice way to start thus far!
ka!!!!
Dinner at TheMix
48th floor, Fortunate Suite!! Too bad we got poolside view instead of the Strip view!
Yay for free rooms! Thanks mama Coffey! :)
Great hotel, awesome restaurants, great location
Lovely suites!!
For good eats and great view: check out First Food & Bar in the Palazzo Shoppes. It's right behind Barney's.
Check out the Chandelier bar! Almost better than going to an exclusive club.
Club Haze was fun now just chillin :)
Time for a weekend of nothing but SELF CARE!!!
My escape from from the headache, day1.
Folks, bring your own shower head, pressure/flow was set too low to conserve water, sinks and kitchen water flow good, also bring your own toiletries,paper towels and toilet paper as rough as newspaper. Sofa if you can, sofa is not ergonomically design, very uncomfortable to seat on.
Do not wait for TAXI service if you are located inTower one, tried to call Bell service for a Taxi and after waiting for 30 mins. and talking to a supervisor in Tower one Taxi never showed up, have to walk to Tower 2 with my luggage in tow. Almost missed my flight.
Thank you so much valet for scratching my car.
Came here years ago and remember a strange smell throughout. Its still here, lol. In the lobby and in the rooms.
air freshener smell, really strong throughout. Lol
Ask for a room w a view. We told the front desk our last stay we were forced to stare at drain pipes all week so she put us in a double queen (instead of a single King) w a view of the tower, a glimmer of the Bellagio fountain show and the mountains in the backdrop. A good trade in my opinion.
My favorite hotel I've stayed at on the strip thus far! And the only place I've EVER won money playing slots.
Wait for the Fountains at night! They're prettier!
Must use keycard to access room in evening and night.
View from my shower stall at 7am, yes you read that right. That would be 2 guys working with power tools. I hope they enjoyed the show lol
Survived the night!!
Back from EDC !!!!
Were back
Huge property, self park is freaking far away from guest towers so drop off your bags!
Just checking in.
Yup, another glorious stay in North Las Vegas...
Another wonderful day at my home away from home.
Chowing down on freebie Cheereo's.
Lounging in front of the TV, waiting for "The Call".
GASP! Didn't get my usual room. 'Full pay' customers get preference.
Nuts! Out of my fave room AGAIN!
Uh oh, out of MY room again.
Gee, I still can't check in here, even though I'm sitting in My room, IN this hotel!
MY room was occupied, so I got a spa suite. Had to lie in a tub full of bubbles for a half hour!
Holy crap! I don't get my room AGAIN! Damn those paying customers!
Wow! I got my room!@
Oooops, didn't get 'my' room again.   Rats!
Drat - not in "my' room again.
Hmmm. Still out of my fave room.
Got my fave room - finally
Wow! They Just got a brandy new commercial grade exercise .bicycle. Cool!
Wow! A new bicycle exercise machine on the hotel gym. Real pro quality too!
They've got a great new bicycle exerciser in the gym! There's also a new treadmill.
Got the a/c fixed in the gym. Life is good!
This is a/c weather.  They are quick to take care of ANY a/c problems.
I don't understand why the hard boiled eggs here are  SO consistently hard (or impossible)  to Peel!
I'm a little disappointed that I'm no longer getting 'points' for staying here. It's the 'corporate' thing, I guess.
Uh oh, I didn't get 'my' room.
Gee, not my room AGAIN!
Ahhh, my fave room!
In my fave room again. Woo hoo!
Uber late today!  But Rosalie put aside a couple items from the breakfast for me. Ahhh, I LOVE this hotel!
Cold in LV today! 25 !!
My last stay here. I start a new "daylight" run next week, headed east out of Reno instead of south.
Uh oh, not my fave room again!
Clean, quiet, nice people, wonderful pool!
Not terrible but nothing to write home about!
Hello Las Vegas! Sittin on top of the world.
Oooooh
Were back.....
Iwon 10 dollars lol
Her I like winning money
Gambling one last time
Home sweet home
Home sweet home
Hunni I am home #edc2012 goons on deck
The suites here are sweet :)
Michael Jackson Immortal..... Whoop whoop ..beat it ...pyt ...
Celebrating bday dinner
Bishop Gorman graduation! Congratulations Taylor!
Frozen Fury baby!
Staffing here are rude af. Will NOT be back
Sports book:  $300 bet = free drink (Pricey IMO)
Check out their awesome Halloween Party!!
Free Parking for events
Very clean and courteous staff.  Best for business travel.  Highly recommended!!!
Rude staff, this place is a dump stay away.
It's a small place, but good if your on a budget
Worst casino of all time.  All machines set to super tight so no one ever wins.
Tesla rocks!
Chillin RAW style!
Again, midnight bowling!
Great place to watch a movie, bowl, and grab something to eat!
The pool is spectacular! Definitely a place to visit this summer.
Dollar beers!!!!
Football !!!!
The bartenders are incredible!
The most average pedicure I have ever get.  Can't expect much at this SLS salon but the staffs were nice.
Beet salad is very beety.
Great music.  Good place to chill
Great spot off the strip and they keep this place clean!!
Great spot off the strip, but it maybe too far for some as you need a vehicle to get around..
Great rooms and great service! If you have any issues talk to the manager, they will take care of it for you!
Quite noisy this go around
Penthouse floor suite amazing!!!
Free upgrade to a panoramic city view deluxe suite...just for mentioning it's our anniversary celebration. Now that's a "suite" deal.
Ask for complimentary robes and slippers for the ultimate comfort in your suite.
don't drink at the Lobby bar. 13$ crappy Cosmo 10$ vodka tonic. wow. just wow!!
Steel Panther!!!
Comfy!
Buffet time! Best selection at a great price!!
Wedding planning!! Ah!
Aria sky suites are the best!
Yay chocolate covered strawberries!
Look into my eyeessss. Kaskade! So close!
The cigar shop in here is ligit
Picking up another free wine.
I love this place!
I can't believe all the negative reviews. Folks you just paid under 70$ a night for a cool hotel on the Las Vegas strip GEEZ.  Go stay at Trump,Bellagio or Palazzo if you want turn down service or a mint on your pillow! We had fun and a nice room. Check in took 15 minutes. Come early not at 3pm like everyone else   PEACE
Great place. Love Southpoint
Chillin
This place smells like my grandma
Use the shoe shine
The Internet connection is, quite frankly, abysmal
Sport's book had no odds for AL pennant or for Champion's league. :(
Earl of Sandwich and Fat Tuesday! =]
Bad service....
coasta cantina all you can eat tacos and enchiladas with all you can drink margaritas 10 $
breakfast and movies
at the pool
At the WCC game
Join mlife
When you're sick of the strip and need a couple of days to decompress this is the place to be!
Bathrooms are huge with jacuzzi tub.
Left slide is the best water slide hands down!!!
Ohana quality time with Sissy Jess, Bro Joelee and Tay!!!  Tryin to come home big winners...
There is nothing good to say about this place except it has an ok cafe other then that prepare your self for false promises and if your a local Im telling you right now just go to the strip locals are better  taken care of, your better off especially at the Palms! I'm just sayin!
Oh boy this place is terrible, this is a place you stay if every where else is booked and you really wanna go to spring training, sleeping in the car might be an option,at least you can keep bugs out of your car! Just saying beware
Not bad
Very friendly owners, Philippe & Nicolas! I will recommends his B&B!
Pool time!
Love it, great movie theatres, service, food, entertainment.
OMD in concert.  Bring back the 80's please! ;)
We weren't completely sure about a hotel with no casino, but we love it! Smoke-free, right across the street from fashion show mall, and the staff was super, gave us an early check-in and upgraded us to a gorgeous suite with a fantastic bath!  Update 1/6/16: back again for CES after moving from the JW Marriott out by the golf courses! I still love this hotel, comfortable, convenient to everything & smoke-FREE!!
Pool slides closes at 6pm.
Rude servers don't waste ur time!!   If they're treating Las Vegas locals this bad I wonder how they're treAting the tourists.    Waiter actually yelled at us for asking for drinks (after sitting & waiting for 10 minutes).  The slamming the drinks in the table
Please see my review of yesterday for details it's a great hotel but they've let the cleanliness and maintenance fall away...
My Yelp pals in LSV:  Check out my friend Jerry Lopez & The Fat City Horns in the Lounge Bar on Monday Nights.  ber hot show band!  Wear your dancing shoes!
The Red Rock is affiliated with Preferred Hotels.  Preferred represents only the highest quality hotels and resorts.  The casino is upscale and you don't have to worry about the negative aspects of the casinos on the Strip.
Wow! What a view!
Oh he'll no!  No speedos at the pool!
Don't check in at 3pm on a Thursday. Check in line must be 100 peeps deep. 20 min and counting
Wedding party!
Always busy.
Great place great treatment. Every time.
Best hotel to stay at
Beautiful
Fancy room
Having drinks with Patti Deux
Checking in
Fat Tuesday or just get fat in Buffet!!!
The closest you can get to Paris, France in the states if you're unable to make it to Europe.
McDonald's upstairs in their food court is open late! So when you come back late after a night of clubbing/drinking you have a place to get comfort food.
Buffet has many options especially if you like seafood. H&M had great sales too!
Omg so many blisters on my feet!
Love tix weeeeeee
Time for another show
Xs tn!
I love the smell of here n vdara
I love this damn hotel!!!
My fav hotel!
I will c u again! Soon I hope
Finally bye bye piece of crap called Monte Carlo
Warm cookies at check in? Plus checking in was a 30 second deal too! Not a bad first impression...
Parking is a total nightmare!
Horrible hotel! Pool is not heated, customer service is terrible.. Worst vacation ..
Of the Vegas casinos the black jack table mgr (chuck) is the biggest jackass here! He needs to chill as this casino could use the business!
ABC baby!
Goodnight
Home sweet home
Bingo!
bingo!
Coronado Cafe has graveyard specials. The food is pretty decent. :)
They have a Starbucks in the hotel
Great Location - you're 10 minutes from the downtown shopping district and right across the street from the Place Des Arts ( which is the hub for most of the Montreal Arts festivals)
Upgrade!
Delano replaced the cement bags with actual pillows. Sweet!
Vegas!! Woot!
Awesome tub!
Menu including specials is available in English.
If you don't travel a lot, but like to live large with perks, get the Chase Hyatt card.  Comes with Hyatt platinum status (confers MLife gold, when you x-register with MGM).   Meet min spend of $1,000 on card and you got yourself two free nights at any Hyatt property (including crossover MGM properties, like Aria).  MLife gold gets you a line of 3 people for checkin, in lieu of 90 or so (no joke).  Gold is just mid tier, but I'll never hit platinum.  I took math, so I don't gamble.  :-)
Away from the strip but close enough to everything
Join the Hard Rock club and get the Back Stage Pass. Huge savings on rooms, food, and beverages
I have slept in many hotel rooms, but the HRH suites tower has the most comfortable beds in the world!
Tip the brush to move up the list quick.
June 05 - July 06 alldaily tourneys suspended for Aria classic and WPT500.  Registration at poker room, play in tourney area fronting Javiar
Pack your walking shoes!
We didn't stay here but spent a lot of time in the casino: low minimums, great drink service and friendly dealers.
Bottomless Perrier Jouet for 75$ at the franklin in the Delano connected to Mandalay Bay tomorrow night from 7-10 pm!
Bottomless Perrier Jouet for 75$ at the franklin in the Delano tomorrow night from 7-10 pm!
Everything about this place is like a modern piece of art. Eye candy!
Beds are sooooo comfortable!!
Breakfast Sandwich is incredible!
Menu has completely changed
don't put down your luggage right behind you while checking in, bc apparently the bell desk will snatch it thinking it's abandoned property!
Pay $20, get $30 in promotional chips!
The suites are the best to stay in but the beds in the regular rooms are good too
Pool is awesome!
I totally support classic casinos downtown but one of the valet attendants is a total jerk. He made the uncomfortable parking so much more unpleasant than it needed to be :(
Get rooms in North Tower for renovated rooms.
Destination!
Another free night. Upgraded
Fat tuesdays for breakfast. Ok!
IPL 4 @ the gorgeous Chelsea room!
Waiting for the new years fireworks
Huge suites. Staff a little slow. But overall nice place.
Free room wifi, strong enough to do webex and stream video!
Awesome place to stay...quiet and non-smoking. An escape from the hustle and bustle of the strip.  The pool bar on the 5th floor makes THE BEST bloody Marys!!!
Pool is free entry mon-thurs!
Jabbawockeez!
$2 drinks anything you want. You can't beat that!
The rooms are great. I love the shower and tub here very relaxing (didn't not want to get out of the shower or tub). The little kitchen is very useful and helpful especially if you bring in your on food or even left overs. Direct tv in the rooms 2x television sets. Gym is 24 hours. Pool on the roof with a bar as well. My favorite thing about the place is once you go down stairs in the lobby you don't hear all this noise from the casinos. Very quite and peaceful here. Wouldn't mind coming back
Great customer service.. As soon as I walked in and got checked in.. Free wine and dessert.. I definitely felt the first class love!
Best concert venue in Vegas,  sound is amazing. I've seen some great bands here over the tears and never disappoints except Danzig the show a few years before there 25th anniversary show which was awesome
Flamingo...dirty, (bathroom)noisy, rude staff, trash and food left in hallways from early am to late night. Elevators dropping 2-3 floors... Oh and let's not forget the ridiculous Internet fees for Internet that never worked, RESORT FEES tacked on when u check out and construction going on from 7:30 am to 11 pm at night. Spend a few bucks more and stay at better hotel!! Oh and the unexplained fire alarms too!
Great venue for concerts but over priced concessions  prices
Amazing experience of Brazil
Got a free room upgrade tonight, asked why and was told it was because they were sold out and we were only staying for one night of the weekend. So, stay one night and arrive ridiculously late  ( we got here about 1230am) and you might get a free room upgrade!
Baccarat bar for some tasty beverages!!!
Seeing J Edgar movie. Waiting at the bar before movie time staff time staff are pleasant,
The Verandah is awesome to dine at.
2-1 Martinis at Le Central Bar 12-7 every day
Decided to leave.. the wait was too damn long.
Love south point movie nights and best place to get stake and eggs
Our Friends for Life
Jay the dealer is the best. Made my time at the table so much fun.
Get your drink from Martin Janica!
Gonna go wary Chris angel!!
Our home away from home for the next few days...
Lunch Buffet at Aria...after our chocolate cake couples massage for our anniversary!! ^__^
Rooms are Pimp!
Love the showers here
If you are staying here try The Filling Station just around the corner for food.
Lovely!!!
2 pitchers of Coors Light for $11.. Chyea
Paris is hot this time of year!
Poker poker poker
Donks galore
Don't stay at the HRH tower unless you like shitty service and it's a real shame since the rooms are nice.  The house keeper here are the worst!
Zombie walk tonight!
If you are a centurion cardholder, they have a bottle of Johnny Walker blue for tastings! Also Veuve.
don't stay here
Free valet
Omg O!
The Lion King!
"O"
Its by the dumpster.
A waiting line for check in. Wow! Huge hotel!
Don't get the so-called Premium Internet. Connection drops every couple of minutes anyway, even when tech-support reboots the routers.
I come to Vegas 2 times a year. Love the view and privacy the cosmo gives me! Wrap around suite fountain view
Gotta get a lakeside view room
Ok parking garage was an experience. Hotel room is nice with comfy beds.
At Diego in the MGM enjoying the classiest Nacho bar ever.
Hello las Vegas
Good times
20 oz drinks at the pool are doubles in souvenir cup. 12 dollars refills for the rest of the trip!!
Vodafone has almost 0 connection in the guest rooms. Yikes! With expensive internet, it's a double bummer.
If you had to pick a hotel to do the whole conference thing, the Aria won't disappoint! The rooms are state of the art, check-in was swift and the staff has been stellar so far!
Surprisingly good food! Had the po boy sandwich and my husband had the jambalaya. Really like the love music.
Wow the food continues to be great and we've been here 3 times in a row... Service is a bit slow though
#justcuz ;)
Phantom of the Opera
If you book a room, make sure to have a credit card that's not linked to a checking acct or a $200 security deposit will bite u in the ass.
Great buffet
Ask to stay in the Honeysuckle building. It's the newest building.
Made it safely
Great bfast! We called the cook the angry chef because he was not in a good mood. But he made a mean omelette.
Free shuttle service to the strip and the airport!
Kids love the beautiful swans!
Dtr enjoying pool
Terrible place
Test
Management not very bright: why would u drain your hot water tanks eliminating ALL hot water for your guests W/OUT notice on a Friday at 4pm
Malo muy malo
First annual foodie festival, come try Kaba curry!  Delicious!
Only 2 pai gow tables
Good buffet here.
Great service from Mercedes at the front desk! Friendly and offer good tips!!!!
Watch the blue moon group.
Wolfgang...
Marquee was awesome!
more spacious less smoke and good service. wanna enjoy real fun time with good quality? Encore is the choice.
Beautiful!
Just rehersing for our strip show.  Are you our friend on facebook yet?
What happens in Vegas...
Vegas!
Berry nice
By no means a great hotel. Definitely passable. If you get a better deal at any other hotel go ahead. Again am not sure how the other one might be.
Parking is intense tonight.
go to the poker room!! its amazing
Walking and talking
$1 bowling at midnight!
Happiest place on earth #lasvegas
thanks aria! til next time!
With ness and trish! Happy new year!
Yay
10pm and they tell us there's only one restaurant open in the entire hotel?!?! WTF?
You must go on the rollercoaster at least once in your lifetime (preferably at night)
The room is roomy and so clean
The worst place to stay at!
Very clean hotel.
Always stay where aircrew stay...airlines want their people rested, so normally they put them up near the airport but far enough away to not hear it...describes this place. 10 min to check in lines at airport. Friendly service and cold water at check in. Just about perfect!
Breakfast and dinner with shuttle's to Mandalay and the airport. Worth it!
Was here a week. Staff was awesome. Only 2 minor things and will address those in full review upon my return home.
The cookies are awesome!! Warm & free :)
Excellent service, professional staff, very clean, great price. Even at 4am.
Don't come here stay away
One of the nicest hotels I've been to.
Great price. King bed, jacuzzi, kitchen and fold out sofa bed! Valet only.
A cool arts and crafts session.
Setting up our stay.
Nice pool!
Attending the Mastermind Success Summit.  Good gathering
Could do without the smoking but this is a cool environment to place some bets.
Time to do work.....
GO BRONCO'S Monday night football at da bar....
My part time job....
After check in the room and the pool, so far so good.
Movies
Avoid the people that offer time shares
:-)
Scariest garage ever! Park somewhere else!
Do not stay here. You will regret it. Crack heads and Craigslist whores take up residence here. Did not feel safe at all. No working laundry or ice maker. Pool closed. Room reaked of smoke and who knows what else.  No HDTV and tiny toilets.
I really enjoyed my stay in this clean friendly staffed motel, I did not have any problems with the room (granted the tv is out dated but who goes to Vegas to watch tv??) the room I got was spacious with 2 queen beds. There was no hookers or crack heads anywhere near this motel I would take my family here again - the security guard patrolling the grounds made me feel safe and secure each night!!  Oh yeah if you don't want a smoking room then you must request that you'd like a nonsmoking room.
Worst motel I have ever stayed at, air con is on sensors so if your not in the room it will shut off - beware if you have pets they will not keep the air con sensors on in the middle of summer that's just plain dangerous!!!!   The room is dorm room size no amenities nowhere to put your clothes nothing!!!  The area surrounding the motel gave me the creeps I expected to get mugged any sec!!!
Paid wifi. Didn't use but from experience their paid wifi always sucked.
Bad service
Lowest priced Motel 6 in the Las Vegas area...
Steel panther concert
Ill drink to that.
Checkmate
The valet staff members are excellent. From getting the car door for you, to recommending routes to avoid traffic, to making sure you're comfy in the vehicle, etc. Service is fast.
Trees block the hotel name from the street. Blink and you'll miss the valet parking only entrance.
Friendly staff. Clean rooms. Lots of room in the princess double queen suite. Two person jetted tub, walk in tiled shower, large closets, full ironing board, full size kitchen, small stacked washer/dryer combo, double sink, balcony...great place for a family to stay. Love the non gaming, non smoking atmosphere.
He is making me a cucumber St Germaine drink! xx
Great restaurants, bars and staff. Checkout: Sage, Bar Moderno, and View Bar
3 stars seems appropriate....
Maybe they should have more than 1 person checking in guests during the first hour at check in?
Make sure to stop for a picture at the fountain by the main entrance. SO pretty!
Very old hotel, dont even bother
They charged $18 per day mandatory for Internet ...
Ice cream
Nice 4 diamond establishment the spa is amazing
Bruno Mars! Getting out was tough.
A mall smashed into a casino!
Concert
Fantastic decor! So retro, but so cool.
One bedroom rooms have a bathroom with a shower & 2 sinks. The jacuzzi tub is in the bedroom.
Don't forget to leave your parking permit on the dash!
Spyonvegas concert event with Toots
Gonna see #gleetour #gleelive @mandalaybay_lv
Zappos all hands
If you need VIP services at any venue inside the Mirage, please text me at 917.848.5330. VIP guest list, bottle service, or dinner plans!
Wifi is $4.99 for 1MB and $9.99 for 10MB, smh
Closet is in the bathroom, lol
Just saw Julius Irving!
Check out the water show it's awesome
Taking the Effiel Tower elevator up, up and away!
Staying a few nights :]
Mo5iac is amazing!!!
Top garage has plenty of parking.
Best lobby on the strip.
Right next door to the Inn-N-Out.
The front desk are very good but the accommodations are a little lacking.
blueberry vanilla mojitos all day every day here.
Old on the outside, new on the inside. I really love my room.  Free upgrade to a suite!
Graveyard...
......
Got a job!
My hot spot for comfy rooms. Love the rooms here.
Work trip
Super stiff beds, late 80's decor, freeway is adjacent and loud, no refer or microwave, no amenities.
Check out b4 u check in!  Restaurant is probably fine but skip staying here and go across the street to the Holton Garden Inn...MUCH better!
Best Airport hotel in Toronto!
Nice place. 2BR Suite has nice kitchen. Pool was cool and clear. Cocktails are expensive and not all that good. Plenty of soft, comfy pillows. A/C works well.
Smoke-filled casino, pushy maid service, and hard to find someone who could give directions to parking lot B. Confusing information on Internet service cost. Half the items listed on mini bar menu were missing. Beds were comfortable and shuttle driver, Tony, and employee, Sergio were very helpful.
They will price match any site. Plus give you a bottle of champagne when you book directly.
Love the atmosphere and the food here
Dinner and bowling with the fam bam!
Mother's Day dinner with the family!
Picking up me cuzzo :))
GNO with the cuzzos!!
Christmas Eve dinner with the fam!
My boys' birthday dinner.
Dinner w/ the family and NANAY!
Dinner time!
If you have kids with you,this is a great place to stay! The pool is both kid and adult friendly!
If you're staying in a 1000+ ft suite, the Cheerios you saw when you first arrived in your supposedly clean room are probably still under your nightstand. Classy.
Everything is extra. Internet is an old school per day charge, they want $3 to use the in-room safe & their coffee place charges $6.50 for a bottle of water. Yikes.
Kitchen is extremely small as if to discourage cooking so don't plan on it! Of course this is regarding the 1 bedroom suite.
Subie Invasion 2014
Water slides!
Going tonight for three days me and my buddie! Ladies meet us at the pool !
Nice rooms and great pool.
Ummm, it's raining in Vegas, what's that about?
This is a really cool place. Very clean and the staff are all really nice.
Do not sign up to their Diamond resort presentation when they promise you to get a free  three days two nights stay at Cancun resort!  When I tried to use the certificate the Diamond resort told me that they will be sending me to a comparable destination and I get to choose whether the Golden nugget or Stratosphere.  Yeah those are comparable all right! The presentation is a waste of your time and money if you invest!   Just book your stay through travelocity for example to get an awesome deal!
To cancel your vacation package purchase: 1)sent them an email to cancel@yourvacationdestinations.com      2) call your credit card to dispute the charges if you think you are not getting any response from this company and 3) lastly have. your credit card block this business from making future charges in your account since they have all your information.
Had an amazing stay from start to finish will definitely come back.
This is the life!
Feels like Cancun, Vegas style! Minus the casino sound
Be prepared the is more a family place than a Vegas strip party place .
Pool is pretty small
The pool is only open from 0900 to 1800, so if you are staying for one night you have about 30 minutes in the morning to use it and two hours in the evening, of you check in right at 1600.
Two words: bed bugs
Great place for families. If you're looking for a place to "party it up" this is not it.
Great resort definitely staying again when I visit Las Vegas
Bring a hammer, nails, and a black out curtain for every room.  They have horrible 1810 style blinds with no shade covering them and a bright light shining outside every window (for security I was told) so you cannot sleep without light in the room.  Just when the lights shut off, the sun rises and the room is filled with light.  In a town where you need to sleep late, this is a horrible design.  I am here now and completely angry and exhausted and will be calling for a refund.
Get a good data plan or you won't have wifi
4 stars, everything is near perfect
Beware caribe lounge over charge for drinks and service is beyond slow.
Great time share. All under one payment...also in Cabo, Santa Barbara and in Palm Springs.
I would never stay here again, I'm mad I wasted my points
Bed bugs. Pubic hairs in the "clean sheets". So gross.
Concierge Desk personnel are idiots!! Who does the hiring? A bigger idiot I presume!
Choose another hotel
Lions and dolphins time
Feels a bit dated already....or is it just me?
Valet area is terrible. They really cut some corners when they expanded and left the valet as a glorified section of the parking garage.
Nice rooms
awesome hotel rooms! so modern n clean
Best Ever
The line takes forever! 15 min every 2 people. It's the weekday too! SMH.
Too dark at night when you turn left om Volunteer  Blvd to go to the garage but great place.
Ask housekeeping for slippers!
It begins
Check out their garden!! AMAZING!
There are a couple of Emerald Suites here in Las Vegas, so be sure you're going to the right one!
The suites here are very spacious, especially with the living room and couches. Perfect for a trip with friends!
The free wifi here sucks. It makes it very frustrating to do work.
Looking for the drink bitch.
Vegas!!!
It costs $3 each time you use the safe in the room and $12.99 per day to use their wireless Internet.
Avoid William at the check-in counter. He's rude and super slow. The girl next to us helped 3 people in the same amount of time.
Drop mom off at the O show.
Very nice in side.
Show times for sirens of ti 530,700,830,1000.
Late dinner.
Nice in side.
Nice room
Wifi wasn't very good in the rooms but the public area on the  ground floor speeds were  good 13mbd 16 mbu
Great free entertainment.
Buffet time
Dicey but entertaining
Play bingo
Tropical smoothie sucks at this location. They can't make a decent drink, they tried twice, first too sweet, then, no sweetness at all
Victorys Cafe inside Cannery Hotel & Casino
loved the look of the 1BR suite we booked.  But Locals be prepared for a $500 deposit that isn't mentioned anywhere. The balconies also are all locked down for "security reasons" Be sure to ask before paying extra money for a balcony.
Dublin Diamonds all the way!!! $200 on my second max bet spin!!!
Holy cow fix your parking structure it sounds like a dog whistle
It a cool place to chill with friends
Cool casino i just don't Campbell I got to play blowing at a one dollar a game why not
A quite place in a crazy place
Get a players card and you get free $5 slot credit and free buffet!
Is this place pager friendly?
The Silverton is officially my favorite place to stay in Las Vegas.
vegas
Beautifully crafted areas on the casino floor,amazing Twin Creeks restaurant,beautifully redesigned rooms!
Bingo baby !
Bout to light it up at the gun range!!!
at the 1st annual foodie fest :)
No betting on NBA or NHL? Wtf!!!
Mermaids bar has five dollar pitchers.
If your here for rock n brew be prepared to wait. Disneyland long lines!!!!!
Check out the show absinthe if u have a chance. Honestly one of the best shows I've seen so far.
Make sure to check out the aquarium near Bass Pro Shops!
The place is a little bit of a maze, but there are a bunch of directories scattered around.
Close to home and fun!!!!!
Close to home and fun!!!!!
You now have to bet $400 at the new sports book just to get a measly drink ticket? Whaaaaat? I'll take my business back to South Point.
WORST place for sports betting. No refunds on postponed games and no drink tickets. It looks like this casino is only good for hosting festivals. Take ur business elsewhere.
WORST casino for sports betting. No refunds on postponed games and no drink tickets. South point and red rock will treat you better than the silverton.
Not a happy camper!
Good drinks
Get 80 points in your players club card on your first day playing ( easy as hell to do) and get a free buffet. It's a 20-30 buck buffet.
Be careful which room you stay in. Currently staying here now and the bathroom pipes gurgle whenever the room next to us uses water. We are stuck in this room and they will only adjust the bill $50. Insane!!! So much for my 3 year old sleeping. Cant wait to leave this place!!!!
One Drunk Puppy is the place to be!
The buffet is good the slot won't give you any winnings I already spend 100.00 dollars and gotteng nothing in returns I've won more at wiskies Pete's the rooms are ok but they still use box TVs it's time for an upgrade to a LCD you get better TVs at motel 6
I do not like that they use the pool for back to back weddings and guests are not allowed to use the pool. Do not go if you have kids!
The Lazy River is nice.
Low key and a slower pace.
Make sure u sign up for players club.  Good incentives and buffet and grill are good too. They have Sin City microbrews at some bars so come one and enjoy
Freezing cold water in pool, very little shade
Music by the pool is awful day 1 was great but day 2-4 has just been annoying!!!
One of my fav casinos
favorite place to go in Vegas
Pools bomb
Nice place to stay.
No breakfast buffet :(
If you do the buffet, definitely have the chef prepare pasta your way. Delicious! You get to pick all the stuff you want freshly cooked to go inside your pasta dish :)
I've stayed in enough off-the-strip casinos so you'd think I'd remember to not get a room on the first floor ... The smell of smoke is horrendous!
Being a former employee I will never step foot in the establishment again.
Sign up for their players card before gambling for future goodies! Also, newbies earn free buffets after earning 50 points!
I came for the Con Funk Shun concert and I loved it!
Out and about ! Waiting on Public Enemy to show their faces!
Bring headphones....the walls are PAPER THIN. The people in the room next to me have a baby who was crying all night. I'm currently listening to the mother play peek a boo with them. You can hear everything.
I cannot get phone service in the casino their wifi sucks
Looks great, but why is it so empty. Maybe i came in at the wrong time.
Get on their email list. $40 a night!!
Get on the email list, they have great promotional deals.
Bring ear plugs and an eye shade if you are a light sleeper.
Our favorite spot in Vegas feels like home every time
Really dirty and this casino is a big rip off. I don't recommend it
They have free wifi! Nough said.
Skip outer parking, valet or use garage. Caters to older crowd
Picking up Hubby
Got my tickets to Peepshow !
Loved the room! Very comfy and great service!
There Are non-smoking sections to this casino!
Good place for a staycation. Not as well kept as it's glory days as a Four Seasons, but still a nice place to get away.
Slow, worse service ever!  You will be waiting FOREVER - SLOW!!!!!
Home auction here tonight.
Auction
Great location away from the strip but close to the Pkwy so downtown is easy. In house movie theater. Great rooms.
WiFi is $12.99/24hrs
Rent a car. Any changes in Shuttle service is hard to get them to do. But bingo ladies are very nice.
It's time for the Las Vegas Jewish Film Festival.
Awesome Cioppino !
The hotel itself is nice but cashiers cage employee Jodi is very rude. I came up to the cashiers cage to cash in my chips and instead of telling me "welcome ill be right with you" but instead she game me attitude and said rudely twice "just a minute" horrible experience.
Buffet is a major letdown!
A detour to the "9th island" on my way home from Kauai!
Buy a bus ticket. It'll save you TONS of money instead of using stupid taxi's.
Low minimums and good dealers at a casual environment. I'm digging the Sun Coast!
Upgraded to a suite...sweet!
Worst Valet service in the whole valley.
Gave room service another shot. Breakfast was less than half edible. Pancakes only good item. Ugh
Save yourself from going here. This place is DIRTY AS FUCK just like their staff! please save your money and check-in someplace else where they actually make you feel like home. After my stay here, I've never felt so discouraged and so shocked after the way the staff treated me. The staff, securities, maids are all racists to me!!!
TRUST NO ONE here! I've never felt so discriminated in my life! The securities told me to shut up and to go away. Lol what for?! I'm just trying to go back into MY room after a long day of touring Las Vegas.
The staff full on discriminated me soooo much! I'm still in shock after a few weeks/months later. Still, still in shock. I cannot believe how the management would hire such UNPROFESSIONALS and they're supposed to be serving the guests!!
I've never felt so discriminated in my life! I'm still pissed and I am forever holding a big grudge towards everybody in this hotel!
If you wanna stay in a place full of DISCRIMINATION and filled with a bunch of false accusations/assumptions, stay at the SunCoast!
management needs to terminate most of their staff or re-train them. Because honestly, 97% of every single staff member I met are very unprofessional and looooves to discriminate and harass their guests
Their staff loves to harass and discriminate their guests!
Uh, was I harassed by a guard?! Yes. He literally told me to go away and shut up when I was trying to go back into my room after a long day
This place is full with HARASSMENT and DISCRIMINATION!
suncoast=harassment and discrimination !
suncoast=harassment and discrimination !
hi Adam :)
but Adam?! Would YOU wanna stay in a place where people people harass you & threaten you? Nah, didn't think so. ;)
first thing I did when I walked into my room, I had to use the toilet. Lifted up the toilet and saw diarrhea splattered all over the toilet. Looks like they didn't clean up after the guest before me
Buffet.... The lunch 7.50... Good if your hungry. Customer service a 10 for sure.
Nice place but some places still charge for WiFi.... This is one of them. Not sure why some hotels still charge.
The rooms are pretty beat up, you would think a company that wants to charge a $20 per night resort fee they would put it to good use. Furniture, carpet, mattress and bathrooms are in very poor condition.
They are remodeling.  Betty's Diner is closed, so no ice cream this trip.  We had to go to the Casino Royale to get Ben & Jerry's.
Pay a little bit more money for something nicer. Nothing is nice about this place!!!
Great location. Far enough away from the strip to feel like there's more to Vegas than the strip itself, but close enough to catch the action if you feel like it.
Go midweek and off season if you can otherwise this property would be way to crowded for it's amenities. Get an upstairs unit to avoid the noise from people climbing the stairs if possible.BRING your own pillows!!!! Small and lumpy!!!
Very peaceful heated pool and nice jacuzzi
Movie time!!
#ClubParadise!
. it's .... WoW
Stay at palms place. All glass walled rooms. So Fancy!!
Best weekend to come to Vegas! Killer room rates :)
Super fancy and trendy hotel
Enter the contests for free concert tickets...i did and now I'm here!
Art n ink baby
Don't miss the fun swings outside the hotel, in front of the Vdara bar!
The owners are super nice, and everything was as I'd expected. Nothing fancy, but it's clean, has free breakfast snacks, is relatively quiet, and the location is perfect!
They have a Pittsburgh tourists store open till 11am!
We loved this place! It had a pool and lots of freebies: breakfast, wifi and parking. Staff was nothing short of friendly and attentive. Just a few blocks away fr the big, high end hotels and it didn't stop us from walking all around downtown
Very nice hotel! Clean and comfortable!
The room does shake when a train goes by
Best place for burgers on Friday! $5 burgers from 7-10! Can't be beat!
2 for $40 deal on Wednesdays should be illegal, it's that good of a deal. Don't expect amazing wine, but it does get the job done. ;)
Closed.
Mmm. Simi Sauvignon blanc. Not.
Make sure you get your Tetanus shot prior to your stay. This place is FILTHY! Someone puked in front oh my room & it didn't get cleaned up.
So many towers and pools, it's like a freaking maze. Took us like half an hour to find our suite.
Did not appreciate the concierge tossing me to the time-share lady before I could even check in, but this was pretty much the only building in Vegas I could actually get 3G.
Home for the rest of the week. Should I be worried that Joe is VIP here?
Immmmmm back!!!!!
Great pools.
Rooms here are SWEET!!!
**Shakes fist in air** Damn you slot machines! DAMN YOUUUU!!!
Don't stay here if a dark room is important to you as the shower door become a big nightlight, bathing the room in bright blue light, at sunrise
Collective Soul concert at the pool.
Don't go here for shows in the showroom. We went to the Charlie Daniels Band Concert but could not enjoy it thanks to an awful speaker system that pushed the bass to the max and vibrated everything. Lots of shrieking drunkards dressed as if they were going to mow the lawn.  Lots of loud talking on the side. Admin did not control them.  Wasted our $$$$.
Muy bueno
Go somewhere else.
Nice rooms, nice hotel, one bad seed named Macy the receptionist.
Just don't stay here!!!! Awful!
Check Kayak.com for cheap rates. Each time I have stayed here, I booked through Kayak. Also, buy your own inner tubes at the local CVS, Walgreens or Target for $4-$6 & fill them up with air for free at the tube shop near the lazy river. If you buy or rent the hotels inner tubes it costs between $22-$26 for a less nicer tube than you can purchase on your own.
They have their own Business Center Open 24 hours right on the side of the check-in desk just in case you need to do any printing for your airline flights for no cost
If you come here for high tea for your birthday they give you a beautifully arranged cheesecake with berries and a box of any one of their teas of your choice for free ($20 value)
Great prime rib! Terrific French fries!
Steak tartare = Mon D'ieu !
With the wrecking crew!!!
Night 6. FML!
Even better without Joseph LaBate
Construction, unclean rooms, rude management. Restaurant was nice.
Relaxing, quiet and incredible place with An amazing view. We will be back!
Romance suite is awesome
Great view of the city from the observation deck.
Chocolate mouse
Packed this week with CES!
Best Views In Vegas!
Happy hour special $20 per person from 5pm-9pm bottomless drinks (only on margaritas, selected beers, and martinis ?
Second day here. Happy so far.
This place is no better than a motel 6.  On the 23 rd floor and people yelling and knocking on doors at 2 am in the morning?  Gimme a break
Best casino in vegas!!!!
Yay!!!
Nickel slots & daiquiris.
Carded again!
Yay!
Sign up for the ACEplay card to get sons nice discounts at the buffett and other places.
Check out The Phantom of the Opera. Much better effects, choreography and stage design than in New York.
Nothing better than waking up in Vegas..
Trying a Poker tourney...
Slummin' it in Las Vegas!
Ate at the Summer Cafe, pretty much what you'd expect from a diner. Casino is like a time machine to 1984.
I just want to win Megabucks ONCE! Is that too much to ask?
Sky high thrills!
Waiting to go up the tower.
Room is huge
Try the ride X Scream. Try to get in the first row!
Black jack tables calling my name!
Get the all day buffet $29.99 you can come back as many times as you want. Breakfast was pretty decent.
Vegas baby!!
Awesome martinis 108 floors above the street
They really need better customer service also get rid of that asshole of an asst.front desk manager Matt..he is a complete dick head!...
So the bar here  at the ripped us off. Eleven at night we order a glass of wine they charge $12 a glass for wine that isn't what it was suppose to be. So watch out because they will over charge you. NOT good service!!!
Images Lounge rips you off. .. Be careful. Charged us for wine they had to actually bring out a bottle and open because it wasn't what they served us !!
Check out rates off your mobile phone. They have deals specifically if you book online through your mobile phone. 30% cheaper than websites.
Do not get a gift card here
The registration line is very slow and they do not have enough employees working to get people checked in
A smoker's delight.  The suite smells like an ashtray and the HVAC blows second hand smoke in my room.
Stayed here for 4 days and received room service once...
Very clean and comfortable. Views of walls from standard rooms.
Got last minute deal little away from strip but pretty decent hotel totto tigh
Turn around and run!! They charge a $15 "resort fee" per night that they don't inform you of when booking. Internet is $12/day and a mini fridge is $10/day, not complimentary in your room. Also no coffee maker!! Add that on and you might as well stay at a real hotel in a half way decent area.
Dude. Stratosphere was basically broken all day. But there was the coolest bartender ever. He makes the best drinks ever. And he's super awesome. Look for Dave. He's a beast. I officially don't care about the money in my machine I can't get back back.  This guy. I would take home.
Don't stay here..but do go to the lounge at the top of the stratosphere.. The view is impressive & they have a daily Happy Hour.
I'm not a super noise sensitive person, but the noise level of the freeway on the 16th floor on the even side (1602 to be exact) is atrocious. Ask for an odd room number.
This is a good spot, but u need a car or taxi to get to the strip down the way
Without a doubt the best view of Vegas
We found bed bugs the fiirst night here.    It was so gross. The male manager called us a liar. We ended up leaving this hotel. We spent the day at the ER.
Not the nicest, but a great value. If you aren't a pretentious whiner then your stay should be fine!
Where? I have eaten at multiple places here and never got charged for my to go boxes.
Now have free wifi! The cable channels selection are a lot more entertaining. HD channels!! Before  the channels were blah!
Now have free wifi
Fun times for the family happy 4th of July !!!
Small room. Layout of room was like a motel's. Won't be a repeat customer.
Love this place... Not the elite but they treat me good
#spring break boom
Be a dare devil! Don't go home wishing you would have.  "Ride it!"
Where the party at?
Great remodeled rooms. Only complaint I have is the bathroom is quiet small
Check in is sooooo freaking slow
Find yourself another hotel. There's no internet, valets will mess up your car (we had to file a claim with them), concierge does not know anything about their hotel's services, and room service does not service. They do not clean your room or replenish towels or toiletries.
When the games aren't going my way, I just yell out that classic Will Ferrell line from the movie "Step Brothers"- This is horse sh!t
My favorite thing here is their The Walking Dead pinball machine, but they've got other neat stuff and thangs.
Comfy beds, nicely cleaned, big room and big tub. Very cheap on groupon.
The worst hotel and casino
Place is a rip off
OMG!!!  Came all the way from Brooklyn,  NY and no Apple Pie A La Mode @ Roxy's Diner in the Stratosphere Hotel  Candy the hostess was Great. Waitress Loreta was nice.   Why Roxy's don't have the dessert anymore,  IDK!!  But I know I will dearly miss the Apple Pie a La Mode
The revolving restaurant Top Of The World is a must....
What I'm trying to get some...
Great place for families, I especially like all the amenities; three swimming pools, 24 hour gym, arcade, and lots more. There is lots of activities for the whole family. Not to mention the strip is only a block away.
I am a veteran. I am planning on going to las vegas and im looking at hotels. Is this hotel romantic for a couple? I hear bad things about hotel which makes me uneasy to book here....any thoughts
The fountain was gorgeous performance a must see in vegas.
There should be more than 2 people on long line for show tickets
Just booked my trip in may so excited. Is there a shuttle? Should we rent a car? Or uber it?
The shower heads should be better.
Planning a trip in May. But it seems as this is not the place to be. From the disappointments and problems that i don't want on a vacation for how much they are charging. Guess i got to keep looking. Any suggestions?
Don't stay here
Don't stay at Stratosphere. Hotel is noisy and I had a district violence issue that the hotel refused to address. There are better hotels in Las Vegas.  I had raw sewage come up my sink one morning. DONT STAY AT STRATOSPHERE!!!!  I received no apologize. Customer service is terrible.   The coffee shop service and food was excellent.
Free visits to the observatory deck with room.
It's MGM, you can't go wrong with MGM.
Nice hotel but rooms are not really good .good attractions to see .
Do not stay here. Check in lines are so long, you'll be standing in the casino. Phone service is terrible. Seems like nobody will listen to you until you are angry and upset.
If you enjoy sleeping with dirty sheets. I highly recommend
Get here early for check in (230pm). Or else have to wait hours. Very long line and slow service.
Checked into central tower 16 and 17 floor strip view..rooms are clean but not updated..no fridge no microwave no coffee maker..
Checked into central tower on 16 and 17 floor with strip view..rooms are.not updated. They are clean .No fridge no microwave no coffee maker.
Don't bring your kids and don't forget to bring ALL your room keys when visiting observation deck. Left 1 in room with 4th guest and they made us go back and get it since there were 3 of us going to deck. And on the way back, guy selling light up t-shirts grabbed my 9 year old daughter - was really, REALLY hard to walk away instead of knocking him out. Checked out early (first ever for us).
No hot water in this hotel tonight... This is a first for me in Vegas...
Gorgeous hotel and amazing view!
Don't stay here
Very nice. Probably the best hotel in all Vegas
This is for COUPLES. There are people walking/standing around the area who will approach you, ask you where you're from to start with the conversation. Or sometimes ask you if you got you're free buffet or want a free show. Too good to be true right? The catch? TIMESHARE. First they will ask for your ID, credit card, ask you some questions, and pay $20 each just to make sure you'll show up. They will invite you to join the presentation first for 2 hours. Try to convince you to buy a timeshare.
The Tower Creamery has adult milkshakes!!!
Very accomodating. Awesome experience. Nice staff and nice rooms. Good prices too. Stayed here with young kids and it was great. 
Most electronically automated room ever!  Bring your VGA/hdmi cable.
One of the better buffets in Vegas, The Wicked Spoon!
Be sure to stay on 34 or above!
Non-smoking buildings hard to get elsewhere!
If you are here to party and not to particular having things done right then this is your place.
Hello vegas!!!
Helllo vegas! =)
Hello Vegas =)
$5 Craps!
Here for a visit to earl of sandwich
Super comfy rooms.  Try to get a view of the pool if possible.
Bulls game at the book!!!
I love this hotel!! Can't wait to Go back.. Separate bedrooms, livingroom, full kitchen !
5 star all the way!!!
This is the spot! The place to be for great food, gambling, shopping, pools, and the clubs.
Whooa!!! This place is niiiice
Worth every penny!!!
Talk about looking SWANKY!!!!
Bought general admission tickets on Groupon.
Elvis would be proud!
Stayed here for the weekend. Last time I stayed here was twenty years ago. Incline elevator ride was rough and rattling. Curtain did not shut tighy so mornimg sun ray woke me up earlier than I hoped for.
Beautiful hotel
The Jurassic Park slots are fun but do NOT pay out.
Movie theme slots here are the shit! Ghostbusters! The Hangover, what!? And Grease! Can't go wrong with that.
STAR WARS Slots aqui!!!!!!
Love their suites!
Valet Parking Rates
Think ahead about retrieving your car. Mornings are busy with checkouts- evenings for dinner leave 15 minutes it can be that busy
Great location for 4 star food, Place des Artes, Chinatown and everything UQAM. Brisk walk to downtown.
Beautiful hotel with luxurious shops
Gigantic mall inside
My favorite hotel on the strip!
Service is nice, but I think palazzo rooms are so much better
Don't get why this tower is more expensive than the regular ones, when the rooms look exactly the same !! -_-
Yeah!
My review will be up in 2-4 days.
Jean Philippe!!! Chocolate!
24hr.  Was vo
3 nights Vegas!!!!  It pays to own at HGVC.
Best hotel ever on the strip!  The V suite is amazing
Beautiful and trendy casino, mediocre rooms, HORRIBLE customer service.
Watch out for the time share hawkers! They're everywhere!!
The bathtubs are awesome!
Just hit 4 Wild Dueces  $250
Just had dinner and won 60 bucks
Super slow check in. Early check in is first come.
No wi-fi in the regular rooms - only the suites.
Hands down the coolest hotel on the strip!
The constuction noise is unbarable. Jackhammers everywhere building the City Center complex. Very loud at the pool. 
The Encore's falling apart. The drapes don't work, the a/c shutters are broken and crooked, the TV won't change channels, the desk chair won't roll and the mattress is lumpy. Oh and two different lamps won't turn on. Waaz up?
$4.99 steak eggs hashbrowns!
Super posh & classy. Amazing vibe. Best in LV in my opinion.
Love the chandelier bar here
Nice hotel.  Very clean, rooms are roomie, close enough to the strip and not noisy.
The taco place next door is open 24 hrs, and it was pretty good.
Let's go Pacquiao!!!!
Here for a day. Lets leave a winner, baby!!
Time to pamper myself at the spa!
Hmm idk with the different spectrum of experiences over the last six days the review will be somewhere in the middle at 3-3.5 would I stay again? Sure...don't I always
Got here during the Billboard Awards but couldn't get tickets for it. Oh well. They are still renovating by the way.
Yay!  We got a free upgrade!  Well...from a city view to a strip view, but it's still an upgrade.
If you have an issue at the hotel, call the front desk immediately...they will send someone up to resolve the matter!  PS:  if A Internet connection is important to you...avoid the Monte Carlo-No Internet connection!!!
Tower suite !
People are waking up
Very nice rooms
Fancy
On my way home , nice room, good time
Apparently if you check in late with all non smoking rooms sold in your room class they will upgrade you if you must have non smoking.
Pay the extra to skip the line
The best breakfast deal is the oatmeal. Better for you and saves you few bucks over their breakfast sandwiches.
Vegas!!!
Go for the live music, but skip the food.
If you are staying here and driving use the valet. Trust me.
VIP check in = welcome champagne = good way to start off weekend stay!
So far the line to check-in is taking longer than my flight here...
Great deals at 3-6pm happy hour. Fried catfish & sweet potato fries $5. Yum
"Can I get a hot tub?"  Yes!
Here for the beer......well if it was later but I'm thinking more food now.
We're HEEEEEEEEEERE!!!!  :D
Yayy!!  Marquee!!
Drunk in public.
Bed. Up early tomorrow for Rock n Roll Vegas!
Shops! & booze!
Checked out and heading home. :)
If you get comped rooms, as for huge suite only $200 more for a suite with same sq ft as a house ;)
This is a Las Vegas staple in our family. Best corned beef sandwiches.
Buffet time! All you can drink wine and beer. Crab legs!!!
Great location in the best Party City in the World!!!
It's actually in las vegas, nevada...
Great location! Nice, clean, new rooms!
A gem in Vegas. Great location and surprisingly posh rooms. Ask for strip view and book through Total Rewards!
Best. Hotel. Ever.
Show your card.
Checking out.
Have to watch the fountains at night
Great decor, pools, and casino
Drinking the best cosmo ever right now
We are here! Yayyyy!! Heading straight to the pool. Coconut Rum with pineapple juice is calling my name! :)
Lush!
OMG!!!! We are staying at The Hotel instead!! My sweetie surprised me! I love love love The Hotel!!!
Awesome. Awesome awesome
Watching UFC
My home for the next 3 days
@FULLYLACEDSF has entered the building.  MAGIC here we come!
Waiting for Ms Lauryn Hill to come on...
Super thin walls :-/
Looking at beautiful things
Ghetto fabulous hotel
Celine Dion
Jacuzzi in some suites!
amazing suites!!!
Parking garage is free and perfect home base for meandering the strip. Also: Burger Bar = Delicious lunch
Inexpensive place to sleep, friendly front desk staff, best tables to play pai gow after 2 am :)
It's a nice 106 degrees today. But the real heat comes on Friday
Can't say enough this place was wonderful
Congrats Mary & Joe!
Enjoy yourself!
Do not stay here. Worst customer service on The Strip.
The West Wing rooms are cool and chic but such a loooooong walk from the main elevators. Worth the walk though.
Here for the 2012 ZCCA Z Convention that goes through Saturday.
Best pool party in Vegas, the early bird gets a pool chair!
Vegas how Ive missed you.
Here to watch the Mayweather vs Pacquaio fight at the beach!
Garage Boys and Car bombs..Woot!
Free hot apple cider at the check in lobby for the holidays!!
2 bathrooms!!
Loving the 2 bedroom suite!
Always call ahead to confirm reservations... 3rd time back and every time they always have trouble looking it up
I'm thankful for volcano waterfalls.
ufc 126: it's tiiiiiiiimmmmmmmmeeeeeee!!!!!!!
Hehe.
Upgraded from no view at Venetian 2 strip view on 39th fl at the Palazzo. I don't have to be anywhere until 1:30p; This trip is not sucking.
beautiful wedding!  :D
Gear looking hotel with comfy beds, just don't expect answers when a fire alarm goes off at 1 in the morning.
Beautiful hotel
Watching Lion King!!
If your watching The Lion King, bring a jacket. They blast the AC "based on the temperatures of the actors"... SHIEEEET
I love play poker
Yah! ASW
March madnesssss
Mothers of shit it's 102 hot here!
Home for next 4 days.
Home for the next 48 hours
Getting my inner nerd on at the Animegacon!
Jabbawockeez show!!!
Awesome suites :D
Great suites!
smells good in here!
Too large to walk in heels. You have been warned.
Free form lasagna! Delicious and perfect portion with tasty sausage and eggplant!
Double check your bill if you use a cc at the pool... Tip was included on mine... I'd rather be informed of this upfront as it seems a tad shady not to tell people about that
does ceaser live here?
They have the self chechlk-in kiosk... Easy and fast but you won't be able to negotiate the room or upgrade!
They really decorate it up for the holidays! Awesome Fall theme going on right now!
Convenient to everything downtown Pittsburgh.  Bathroom is very small but ok.  Free shuttle to anywhere you need
Really nice room. Great price. APPROVED
Rooms 200 and 202 are next to Laundry room. I wouldn't choose either of them.
Nice overall   Room is new and clean. Very comfy. King size bed.
The rewards program is complicated to activate, but once that hurdle is complete, you're good to go.
If arriving from LAS airport, checkin prior to arriving at the hotel in Terminal 1 baggage claim
Nice rooms, shame about the lobby
Holy mini bar and they LOVE dogs!
Pretty central
Room come with the capital hills view.
Nice and cozy room.
This place was terrible! The valet took forever, they tried to hike our rate so we had to spend a handful of time proving we got an email confirmation on the original price because the manager was not around. There is no hot tub even though they advertise that they have one. Finally, the valet scratched the car, denting the license plate and then denied it was them. Horrible and stressful experience - will NEVER stay here, even with their convenient location.
Make sure to walk around and take in all the memorabilia. There are many surprises.
I was warned in advance, but it's worth reiterating that this hotel is basically right above a couple of clubs. Even on a Monday night, I got serious beats coming through the window into the wee hours. Also, can anyone explain to me why the shower walls have cutouts in them?
Checkin queue was nearly out the door. Front desk staff bearing grim, stressed faces. Nice touch on offering prossecco to those waiting!
I am officially one of three diners here under the age of 50. If you need a place to take granny where she'll fit in, look no further.
Ridiculously awesome view of Scott Monument and the castle from my room!
Pool party!
Warning! If u land after 11pm there is no shuttle to pick u up from the airport...even though the website says so.
The rooms are gorgeous. Such a beautiful hotel and casino.
The worst place I've ever stayed.. This place sucks      It deserves - stars
Love the craftsman style of the place. Lots of rich history, filled with class yet understated....a beautiful place to stay.
Buffet is very cheap, especially if you sign up for a casino card with them.
Great rooms with private bedrooms and kitchenettes. Save money on meals!
Watching football
Working
Toilets stop up a little too easily for my taste.
Everyone uses the toilet near the keno area to take foul shits...there is added privacy and the paper dispenser opens up for better access.
No sun at the pool before 1pm!
Doing some mid-week Vegas with all the chusma who can't afford weekend prices.
If you are looking for trendy you won't find it in the decor here.  But if you are looking to stay/play off-strip this place may be for you.
29th floor is smoking floor.
Like most Vegas hotels, you have to show security guard your room key to access guest floors or else you won't be going up.
It feels good
Can never win here and now the steak and eggs is now 8.99 and it sucks it used to be 3.99
Learning CRAPS from Kuya Jade. Ummm Huh?!? Too much going on lol
Our home for the weekend.
Viva Las Vegas!
Dirty, outdated and the management could care less if you have a problem.
Grubbin' time.
Checking out.
2011 Liberty High Graduation
Ick!
Bachelor weekend
Magic Live!
Hanging out with the Bachelor & Bachlorette... Fun times
Partaay and ABG's time!
Last one to turn in again... Zzzzz time
B I N G O.
Lunch at the pool...
Nice Hotel, but a couple things. Ice vending machine is located on the 5th floor so if you need ice you have to go there to get some. We accidentally left a stuffed animal shaped like a pod (3 peas in a pod). We left a message to see if anyone turned it in. Nothing and we know its there!!
About to watch the Capt America movie with lemonheads in my pocket. Spotted some killer moves on the DDR game in the arcade.
I just bought a $5 art piece from the Art-o-Mat by Mona Wu called Art of the Brush.
Avoid this casino unless you want to just come to the movie theater they have.I've been here twice and had nothing but bad experiences!!
Mr. Olympia 2011
Jamz event w/ my lil luv.
Fun times
Nice hotel. But off the strip so you'll spend the $ on cabs just to get to the strip or walk till your legs fall off.
Prime rib, baby!!!!
Red meat is on the menu:)
Bring cash, have shuttle plans mapped out. BYOB.
Love this casino. Machines are loose, food is great. Rooms are reasonable
At the pool and having a great birthday so far
Yippee here for the international beauty show
Burlesque hall of fame weekend!
Comped room! Love it.
Steak, please.
Check-in was a breeze. Looking forward to a nice stay!
Great local hotel and casino!
Cute place!
Love this place! No matter Wat ya mama says!
Very inexpensive buffet, with seafood, mongolian, american, italian, mexican, and bbq.
Play roulette! ! It's fun here!!
Kid friendly
Excellent !!!
Veryyy busy Saturday night!!!
viva las vegas!
Great place.  Lots of fun here
Lots of stuff not just a casino
If you have young kids there a sinner where the kids can be watched why you gamble
Hotel is nice the garden buffet is horrible all the food was eather over cooked under cooked or have been sitting out for to long.
Last night. Time to win it all back!
The front desk supervisor was so kind and helpful. We checked in around 12:45 on 10/19. We forgot her name, but she was blonde. We hope she gets kudos for being so kind. I wish we paid more attention to her name :-(
Just visiting
They charge for parking now
Never again will I go to an MGM property. They all charge for parking and they take your license plate #. Employees we spoke to are very upset.
Heads up don't park here or stay here they charge for parking. All MGM hotels do and Caesars is next.
Here's another tip. The staff is VERY RUDE. one guy totally disregard me and only spoke to my husband. He didn't even answer my question.
First time checking into this place. Check in was quick & easy. Desk staff very friendly!
Food very salty. Wait service marginal
Don't get arrested
Check in early lines get pretty long front desk is kinda slow
Check for deals online
Go online and check for deals
Free wifi for first 24 hours
In joy your stay
Get a member card. You get the discount price for the buffet.
Make reservations early, especially on holiday weekends. It's practically impossible to make changes or upgrades unless you're willing to do some room changing in the middle of your stay.
You are a horrible parent if you bring your children to Las Vegas
Get club cards for room deals
Gift shop has some cute gift ideas and pool noodles for your pool time!
Don't order room service. The two steaks we ordered were well done. A lot of char. I know it's a Cajun themed hotel but I didn't order my steak blacken.
Never bet on black or red at the roulette tables always play your numbers straight up for the 35 to 1 odds, $5 minimum tables, and if you're at the tables for a period longer than 2 hours feel free to kindly ask the floor manager for complimentary passes to any restaurant in The Orleans, they take care of everybody here!
Clean Huge rooms off the strip! Great breakfast buffet and price
There is a barber shop here for the men if you need last min trim. My concierge at Aria recommended. Same day appt
Pizza place is amazing! Room service has delicious food and is quick.   My fave hotel
Meh!
Good
Don't bother unless you want noise, bed bug bites and paper thin walls.
Horrible wi-fi connection.  Even if you pay to upgrade the service is terrible.
Nice clean hotel, been coming here for years. Many amenities for both adults & kids
The Orleans really needs to hire more energetic and enthusiastic front desk reservation workers.  They are so slow moving and depressing.  Geez.  What happened to customer service and hospitality?
If you play with bunnies you'll be happier losing money... Go upstairs.
I'd come back
w00t!
Mother Of All Stuffed Potato = weekend recovery
2 nights
Palms pool =P
Chillin with the play mates!! ;)
Watching the jabbawockeez. So good worth every penny.
Gambling my life away!!!! LOL
At the pool chillin!!!!!
Just staying for place to sleep while driving home from burning man.  But I gotta say...the rooms are pretty unremarkable.
No charge to get into pool area on sundays
Play here dont stay here. The clubs are great but that's about it. For the money stay at cosmopolitan or MGM.
Breakfast!
Stay here when you go to Las Vegas, fantastic customer service and a great experience.
Lovely Perfume
Peep Show starring Holly Madison!!
Non-Smoking hotel
Marquee
Affiliate summit party hosted in the basketball suite!!
Pimped out suites with a killer view!!
A little grubb and champagne before the drive back to LA
Don't play the slots as soon as you walk in you will get robbed :)
The drinks by the pool are super weak!
Woo woo about to hit the pool!!
Nice rooms at the palms place
930 am with a drink in my hand
Go Raiders
my favorite coffee shop in Vegas
One tip...I came for business...don't do it. It's almost 3 am and I can't sleep due to the noise. My room is old and terrible.
Great deals on upgrades!
Christmas
Can't wait to see the view at night
Ask for Strip view. They usually accommodate if it's available. This view is much better at night or on a clear day.
The most underwhelming new casino in Vegas. Small gaming area, lousy music and bad drivers litter the parking lot.
Free shuttle from 11am - 8 pm daily to the Forum Shops in Caesars
Penthouse upgrade! Thanks Palms =D
Love Vegas!!!
Didn't get the king bed we booked with. Front desk takes over 10 minutes to reach via phone from room. Our volume on the TV didn't work for a full day because the front desk did not send up maintenance until the next morning, telling us that the whole team was "tied up with a sewage problem". The maintenance guy, Todd, told us there was NO sewage problem when he came up the next day to fix it and that the front desk LIED to us. Will NOT be returning.
Unbelievable suite for the birthday weekend. Big ups to Brandy and The Palms for the upgrade.
Sunday - Thursday check here for amenable rates. #Youdeserveit
Great hotel. Off the strip. Still convenient.
Whoo hoo. Suite upgrade!
Ufc fight week!!!
The reception is one of the worst I've ever experienced!!! It's 12:45am, there's two groups ahead of me, each being helped by one front desk person. I've been in line for over 20 mins now. Shitty piece of crap place!!!
The wi-if that's included in the resort fee is painfully slow and virtually non-existent.
Great view from our room!
Venetian
A room with a balcony!
Shuttle service to the strip awful hours
Dump
The odds aren't very good either
My girlfriend and I stayed here on a girls' trip last year - I would not recommend this hotel.
Wonderful service! Beautiful rooms and amazing pool area. Totally worth a stay.
Plans Place is comfortable..and has good rates!
Remodeled Hotel
Renovated Hotel!!
Loveeeeee the palms!
I'm in love with my suite!!!! The bath tub is to die for :)
We weren't given the room type we reserved, though our reservations were made weeks in advance. They did give us an "upgraded" room with newer finishes, but with two smaller beds, no coffee pot and no refrigerator to use.  The gym has minimal equipment.  From Vegas and having visited The Palms many times before, this is not the place that I remembered.
I have been a loyal customer since it opened but I had a fall there on a bolt in their lot which led to 3 brain surgeries, and because my statute of limitations ran out because I was having the surgeries during that time, I had no legal way to get help. They said so sorry but we would be happy to offer you a few buffets if you like! I feel so disrespected, but I almost died because of this but I was blessed to make it and happy I am alive. Thanks to God. The Palms is not a nice place anymore.
Don't come here if you plan to club. The new owners screwed up everything and everything is closed expect ghost bar
Pool time is from 9-6
Great view, service excellent @ NOVE, I'll be back.
The Kingpin Bowling Suite is amazing!!!
Ghost Bar has the best view of the Strip and really good happy hour prices!!
Their courier service was great; they brought us In n' Out Burger at midnight
Incredibly beautiful on the inside. It's simply beautiful. The amount of detail put into every single hallway, painting and aspect of design. They soared no expense and it pays off.
No coffee makers in room, nor a refrigerator you can actually use. They have a fridge but it's stocked with their own items that you have to pay to use
Incredibly beautiful on the inside. It's simply beautiful. The amount of detail put into every single hallway, painting and aspect of design. They spared no expense and it pays off.
Only good thing about this casino is the movie theater sometimes
I really like this hotel casino. Have had some the best moments here. That will wonderful memories for years to come. Yep I am smiling as I post my review and my tip. :)
Nice rooms just go somewhere else to gamble!
Ask about the spa when you check in. You might get free passes
Had a relaxing weekend here. The pool party was great and the spa was very nice
Contact the casino host! My Host Chanel took care of my reservations and my stay...better eye candy then the strip...younger crowd
The view 50 floor 701 breath taking
Stayed on the 51st floor, great view, very nice room. I absolutely loved it!
So smokey! I don't think the hotel's filtering system works
Casino-free hotel. Spacious rooms  with kitchenette (if u plan to cook, u must call and ask for any kitchenware..no coffee maker) and 'living room area'. Fridge doesn't have freezer. Test out iron bc I ruined a shirt. Sign up with M life to get discounted promotions. Would come back
Had a 10am massage appt which was great bc the spa wasn't crowded.. Able to enjoy and relax without too many ppl around! Plus! Plus! Plus!
250$ deposit for locals ouch . Ill go across the street for the night.
Stay in the Palms Place if its offered!!! We got hooked up to an upgrade because the Fantasy & Ivory towers were completely booked for the weekend!
Beautiful!
So far a great hotel!
check out the spa and rooftop hot tubs!
tired feet? tired wallet?...check out the mini massage area on the mezzanine level if NY NY. Money well spent in a town where a lot of its squandered away...
MGM has (or used to have) a vintage horse racing arcade game thats played with nickels. you don't win much, buts its super fun to play with a group.
Manager Christopher Tamaka, not much help seriously.
Nice enough, but $50 a day per device for wifi in the conference rooms?  Extortion!
Spacious room, close to strip. Clean and big bathroom.
The absolute worst when it comes to beverage service Pack a cooler or suffer
Valet parking is the way to go here
Valet parking is the way to go here
They have their own parking structure so you don't have to pay for valet parking.
first time here, hope service and accomodations are fabulous...!!
Go see the Bodies exhibit!!!
Just ate at Benihanas!!! Delicious but pricey.
Beautiful hotel!!
Playtime ...
Gorgeous hotel!
Water show every 15 minutes. Fabulous!!
Decent enough for sleeping and location for price.
Lost everywhere but killing it here.  Shelly, the dealer, just got owned.  That's how I do.  Go draw yourself some more eyebrows.
Pow!
On that video roulette
Buffet time!
Vegas :)
Whooo! North valet....winning!!!
Vegas baby!
Delux room with view of fountain and suite is only $50 difference, though deluxe room is nice but suite is so much better
waffles!!!
I brought the Fun! :)
Home for next 2 nights!!
Last Night in Vegas!
Makes me feel beautiful just to be in these surroundings!
Need three new pairs of shoes...maybe four.
Go visit The Conservatory. The theme changes every season & it's different every year! A Must See! (;
Pool: guests only!
So in love.
I hate change!
I love the smell of the beautiful garden. Gorgeous!
Freakin hot!
Watch drunks at night
10 dollah tables
Excellent buffet, but be prepared to wait awhile. Queue up by 5pm when they open for dinner.
Rockin Olives slot is the funnest ever!
no more rockin olives :(
Love love love! As always, stay classy Bellagio! Tip: go to vons to pick up some water, snacks, & necessities, as you will pay 5x more here!
Water show is a wow
Taking a ride ;)
Waiting for the phantom ;)
Volcano show
Speechless
:/
Beautiful
water show is on the hour & half hour.
Water show!
Pool!
That's what you get for waking up in Vegas.
I'm about.to have din din with Nichole
Oh late night food
Room is nice!  Hugo's for dinner and Ka cirque laterz
Strategically place urself next to an umbrella in case it gets too hot in sun..
@ Noodles.. Still amazing.
Get a members card. It is free even if you do not gamble and entitles you to discounts on rooms.
Excellent hotel staff. Poor service at Cafe Bellagio & rude casino handlers!
21st floor won't know what hit 'em. Let the birthday weekend begin!
Bit of a late start today, but quickly making up for it!
Mr Papagorgio in tha house!!
Class field trip to Gallery of Fine Arts!
Super luxury fabulous!
Get'n grub on with buffet.
Here for #ces for the week.
The fountain show is amazing!
O!
Holder of good times...
Cold night
Rainy!!
Didn't see Danny Ocean anywhere.
It's a $35 fare from the strip
Attention to detail is amazing.
Here at the bellagio for a hot shave. The best!
fountain show
trying the gondola ride
Not the undisputed #1 it used to be. But still top tier in many respects. Sportsbook. Poker. Restaurants. Show.
Our suite is huge!
Damn! It feels good to be a gangsta!
Excellent shopping.
Stay in Luxor towers as a free complimentary upgrade;no Wifi; use Mandalay bay's; DO NOT eat at any restaurant within the hotel!!
Fountain show is every 30 minutes until 7pm, then every 15.
Roulette!!!
Time to celebrate!!!
Can't get enough of Vegas! Love this place!
Nothing to do better in this heat but relax
We'll see if i can get in Cafe Bellagio....
The water show is always a great attraction.
Plush
But of course
I love the water fountain shows. Remote control blinds...oh yeah lol
Buffet!  I'm stuffed!
Titanic!
Bar hopping to the max
24 hr buffet round 3!
Big ballin' resort. ;)
Buffet time!
childish gambino baby!
One of the best...
Penny slots all night.
Day trip
Buffet
If you have never seen the fountains....I'm speechless
Vegas Baby
Fountain view is way better than pool view!
Buffet!
Hot Hot need to cool down.. chillin with  3 of my best buddies..;)
Viva Las Vegas wohooo
breakfast time,.... after a long night ;)
breakfast ,... next destination LA ;))
Stay somewhere else. Service is some of the worst I've had traveling ever.
better than Cosmopolitan
Damns the room is worse than those in Macau
I suck at this D:
Cafe Bellagio, great food.  Try the lobster omelet, it's to die for.
Bachelorette party
Penthouse suite! Thank you!!
Brunch & gardens :)
First time yet again
Free dranks! ;)
Wah wah
Rubbing the Buddha :)
Lunch :)
Empty...a sign of our failing economy. Vote Ron Paul or third party.
Smokey, non-smokers won't like it
Waitress gives out Fiji water bottles while playing slot machines
Long line to check in to MGM Grand
The Bella suite are roomy with living room.  Maid services come late around 2pm.
My favorite to stay with remote control to open tv and lights
Ask about your room first: mine had a TUBE TV if you can believe it. This is 2012, not 1998!!!!
Beautiful
Cool tornadoes and ice
Bad experience in Bellagio hotel , they gave me wrong room twice , what is a 5 starts hotel service like this , the service so slow and really bad , I won't come Bellagio anymore !! Don't come 5 stars Bellagio hotel , because u might get 0 starts service !!
The tram from Monte Carlo to here was so clean. The entrance is where monte Carlo's Starbucks is and level 3 is to crystals aria and bellagio. Tram leaves every 6 min's and is free.
Love the Bellagio for its' gardens, dancing fountains, and overall classic architecture.  Very beautiful.
Could be better for the price paid
Bacarat bar
Getting ready for CES...
They are closed at this time because they're changing from Picasso to a Warhol. Won't be open until February
Needs more training on VIP Customer Service...
Service needs improvement. Inconsistent. They need teamwork. Some great some arrogant.
SEMA
Sky Suites!
Shops in bellagio.
We ate there 2 years ago and it was    amazing. Decided to take some friends there a few weeks ago and while the service was very good the food has gone south. I would give it a three star if money was not factored in. If cost to value then a two star. Sorry .
Happy Chinese New Year!
Be prepared to pay extra for any alcohol you order at the buffet. One would think that $40.00 a person would include at least mimosas or bellinis...
Worth it if you don't mind paying extra for everything
Luxury hotel!
The $20 trick worked out well for us! Not only did we get upgraded to a room with fountain view, our early check-in fee was waived and we received a line pass for The Buffet (by asking. No shame or no gain!)
Over the top
Breakfast in the Atrium
Best Cabanas and pool service. Great staff throughout, from hotel to spa to restaurants to casino. Well worth it! Plus...my luck was best here!
The buffet seriously sucks elephant balls.  I would have been better off paying a small China man $30 to punch me in the gut.
If you valet your car be prepared to wait. 10 mins already and no sign of It.
Waitresses are slower than dirt... in 3 hrs got one drink. Booked the tower suite. Smelled like it was cleaned with a dirty rag. Staff didn't care...
Bellagio staff very helpful.  Last day of fun in Vegas.
Great place to people watch and have a afternoon drink
Cranberry vodka by the pool. Gratzie
Dont gamble here the dealers are not friendly and will laugh when you lose went to all the casinos nearby and by far worst experience
Partying in a beautiful suite for the night on the 30th floor. Nice :-)
Awesome for people watching'
Free wifi for 2 hours
QR code for VIVA MyVegas in front of mlife desk
Not really a good place for kids. Buffet is a must try at least once.
Don't eat at buffet. There is a reason there isn't a line to get in. Worste buffet I have eaten at in Vegas. Go to Belagio, Mandaly Bay, or Ceasers. Flamingo has a better one as well.
Pool closes at seven. Young crowd (kids). Wave pool isn't what you think. Try to get early check in.  It is crazy between 2 and 4. Talking hour wait.
Las week, i stay here for 6 days. Very nice place as you know except few of my own experience (cocky valet staff, suck wonton noodle soup, etc.)
Love, love, love the flowers! Don't forget to visit the chocolate lady & fountain at JP Patisserie!
Come before sunset so you can take pictures of the exterior Tudor architecture, bridge, river... and stroll through the grounds. Very lovely and picturesque.
People should learn how to flush toilets
Just a really well built hotel. The fountains in the front says it all. Classic Vegas.
Formerly the Imperial Mandarin Palace, it just recently got a facelift and that's about it. Rooms  are still the same, yet cheap for being on the strip. Hash House A Go Go restaurant is located inside.
I got to my room, and it is already occupied...
Laundry service is fast but expensive  Spa and salon are worth looking into, consider getting Mani Pedi at home.
Amazing fountain show! Must see at night!
Where is my sugar daddy?
A spa suite is a must.
Hotel switch this is the spot to be.
Definitely should check out the fountains!
#bellagioholiday
Their fountain show runs every half an hour!
Santa is at the Aquarium during weekends in the Mandalay Convention Center not that far from the pools!
Beautiful and magnificent!
Beautiful  property!
Nice room but no view from our room
Check out the Conservatory and botanical gardens!
Window shop at stores like Fendi, Prada, Chanel, LV, etc.
Make sure you check out the chocolate fountain at Jean Philippe patisserie!
No wifi in the suites. Just Ethernet :(
No refrigerator in our suite. Annoying!
Classy hotel!
Checkin took less than 5 minutes!
Cirque du Soleil's Michael Jackson show plays here
Check out the MIX lounge and restaurant at the top of the hotel
Located at the very south end of the strip :(
I loved my stay at this hotel. Our suite was amazing and the service was great.
World of Concrete here I come
First time hotel guest
Here for Nobu and Shania
Here for Mariah
Loved staying here.  Very elegant.
Beautiful resort.  Love the canal, gondolas and living statues.  Truly awesome
There were only 2 people in front of us in line and we waited 30 minutes to be checked in. The guest service representative was not very friendly.When we opened the door to our room, there was a used piece of toilet paper laying on the floor of the entrance. I order room service and when it arrived the water glass had a lip gloss mark and food particles on the rim of the glass. I am very disappointed in the level of service and cleanliness of the hotel.
It's hopping even on a Sunday night
As classy as it gets
Check in process takes a while..
Trying for first time. Quite a line. Must be good. WAS excellent. If you just have to do a Vegas buffet, go for it!
Dealers are not the friendlist compared to other casinos.
Don't be in a hurry to get checked in
Nothing like the Penthouse Suites with two bedrooms!
Service in the cabanas is terrible. Don't expect much for $500.
You can check out over the phone. Much easier than waiting in line.  Unfortunately, you couldn't check out through your TV like most hotels.
Bellagio never disappoints. My room is freshly remodeled. Great view.
Um, excuse me.  Last time I checked, we are staying in a 2 bdrm penthouse suite.  I don't know what that stain is from.  It could be blood or poo.  Who will ever know? Bellagio, you are amazing, but that is just nasty.  Housekeeping, please.
I dropped something on the floor in the dark and had to use the flashlight on my phone.  I shined the light under the bed and found what looked like an accumulation of dust and dirt from the past 10+ years or so.  Bellagio, you need to step up your cleaning game.
If you're looking for Donald Sterling.. Just saw him!
The WORST SERVICE EVER!! Stayed in a Penthouse and they didn't even tell us that we had FREE LIMO service !! And charged $1each for plastic Utensils!! Just RIDICULOUS !! DONT BOTHER GIVING THIS PLACE MONEY $$
For the Bellagio being so effing expensive, its ridiculous that their smoke ventilation system is the WORST on the strip AND their air conditioner never seems to do its job!!!  ITS DISGUSTING TO SMELL SOOOOO MUCH CIGARETTE SMOKE IN SUCH A NICE ESTABLISHMENT.
Lobster Pot Pie at Michael Mina's - best fine dining on the Strip
Avoid the lines, check out through text!
Great hotel to stay at. Located on the middle of the strip! Awesome service with quiet rooms!
Bachlorette party!
One of the greatest and most beautiful hotels in the world
pai gow poker was $50min ovr the wknd...now $25 on a weeknite...idk if it's like that every wknd or cuz it was CNY (Chinese New Year)...but heads up...
free grand fountain show every 15min nightly 8p-12a...& daytime: sun*-fri: 3-8p, every 1/2hr sat & holidays: 12-8p, every 1/2hr *add'l sun: 11a-3p, every 15min..fountains brunch @Jasmine is nice, i heard..$58, info: www.bellagio.com/content_cache_of_server_query_response/li/restaurants_10_2.html  notes: - last show begins @11:45p, heads up... - stop inside for the ever-changing Conservatory & Botanical Garden..24hr walk-thru, nxt to the foyer..alwaz interesting to see what they come up with nxt!
Early check-in? You go through the check-out lines
Bellagio Conservatory Gardens and fountains are both must see in Vegas.
$20 sandwich tip
Use your total rewards
Super classyyy ! Love this hotel and the rooms!
Stinky rooms. Stinks like the sewer.
No fix to the sewer smell, but they gave us some credit on the bill.
Picasso showing till January 2016!
They take reservations. Get a place furthest from liquid pool if you just want to relax in peace.
Going on a weekend (especially a holiday one?)? Prepare to wait for everything: to check in, to check out, to eat at buffets and restaurants, for the fountains, etc.
Bring/buy some soap for a totally fun bubble bath in the enormous bath tub!
It's not how high you are up that determines whether you see the Bellagio fountains nearby -- it's how close you are to the Strip AND whether you are facing Bellagio (of course).
Bellagio fountain.  FREE and always fun
Try another hotel
By far my favorite place to stay in Las Vegas!!!
Tip the reservation agent at check in! Usually they will give you a better room or at least an awesome view room
When in Chanel Bellagio, ask for IVAN! Such a sweetheart! Helpful and sincere!!!
Must SHOP here!!! Nicole at Celine is super sweet!
Love the hotel and conservatory for photo ops.
Love this sport book. One of our favorites
The total Vegas experience...
Calvin the poker floor boss is awful and not for the players at all. He lets his ego get in the way of making correct decisions!
Calvin the floor poker boss is awful and makes decisions that are ego based instead of correct decisions for the casino and customers. He should evaluate his decisions and not make them based off emotion! Worst attitude and customer service! The rules are always different depending on the shift.
For The Vegas experience (Bellagio Hotel)... It's a combination of luxury and classic style very affordable, great service, fantastic room space, very modern and Romantic... Great weekend we had at the Bellagio!!!
blah. so bad. So bad so corporate bad bad bad
Security deposit is very high, they hit you with resort fee as you're checking out. Ours was $130
The m life counter has excellent customer service tonight! Thanks for helping with my room situation!
If you're going to check out any of the artists displayed in their art gallery be sure to ask what time the docent tours are held. You'll learn so much more about the artist and it's only $15.
No me hosped aqu por tonto. Todo es ESPECTACULAR.
The in room service is faster than most, served beautifully & pipping hot! I got the margherita pizza & wedge fries and was pleasantly satisfied
Still a great, clean hotel. Workers are helpful and nice.
Service is worse and worse. Horrible. People working here seem miserable... Ruins your stay
Stay elsewhere! Service here sucks! Try Aria next door!
TI is cheap, but you get what you pay for! This used to be my go to spot when I needed to save a little... But it's just all down hill now... In particularly the service! Service sucks!
All inn!!!!!
Deep pocket in here!!
Tim, one of the floor managers at the poker room, is super rude!!! Horrible service, ignores people who are just asking a question and when u repeat the question to get an answer... He acts like a dick.
Free valet parking at N entrance, next to Cesars
"Vegas baby, Vegas!!!" - said in my best Vince Vaughn
Great view !!!
Early check in is $30 worth it
Fountain is a must.... It's worth every single penny. My favorite place too stay.
Check various online booking sites for the best deal on a gorgeous room!
Service
Fountain view comes with loud club noises til 4 am
Do not book resort room. Spa tower is out dated. New wall paper and carpet do not change the thin walls and old plumbing.
Beautiful water show!
Great place to watching lighting strike.
Happy birthday to me
I'm gonna need a vacation from my vacation
$14 for valet. Self-parking also costs money.  Pro Tip: literally park at any other casino and it should be free.
Very friendly staff and great rooms.
Valet parking is  $18  , and self parking is $10 . Just wanted you to know that if you park tonight at 11 pm,  and picked up your car at 5 pm the next day , you pay $36. Not cool .
Amazing rooms, amazing staff, amazing pool!
If you like coffee, theirs is the best. Make sure you try it.
Check out the live flamingos! Super cute! Also try to get early to the pool. If not, I wouldn't get in if I was you. It looks murky.
Do NOT EVER touch the mini bar if you do not want to get charged. I dared to have a look at a Coke and they automatically added it to my bill. The fridge has a scale. The fee was waived since I did not actually have the drink.
If you have a fountain view room it might be worth knowing that the current track is playing on the Bellagio Fountains TV channel.
I love how the themes of the conservatory change with the seasons or holidays!!!
Best arcade on the strip. So my son says.
No feature. Their pirate ship show has been not playing since october. I believe they are replacing it with a fast food joint???
Best friendly and helpful staff on the entire strip!!!
The best strawberry daiquiri on the strip!!
Bellagio best hotel on the strip. Beautiful.
Great place inviting clean bed comfortable
Must watch: the best show on the strip, highly valued! Classical artistic water stage.
Encore is a younger version of Wynn, interior(design/ambience/material)
Nice view!
It's your typical high end resort with none smoking & none casino inside!
$18 valet parking per day! Self parking $10 only @ Aria
Very nice view during night time
Super small gym...limited weights to gain muscles
If you're playing slots and you have less than $10-20 in the machines, the bartenders don't really come check on you. Put money in the machines and cash out later if you want, but otherwise, you won't get served.
Best strawberry daiquiri on the Strip... so yummy!
Get the Grasshopper, it's perfectly layered, minty, and green :)
Very nice hotel/casino ... it does get crowded at peak times.
Best tip I can give is not to stay here without being truly informed about how the Bellagio treats their customers. Check out the hidden reviews below, over 300 1 star reviews about their poor customer service!
If the Bellagio buffet line is far too long. You can usually get seated here quickly. 
:-)
First tequila shot of vacay :)
Fish and chips are cheaper at fultons than the irish pub.
Taking a nap before the party starts
waiting for the eruption of the volcanoes.
We're here.
So I guess we are here at last.
Vegas sure does look better from the 29th floor rooms.
No Wi-Fi service here. Crazy!!!  And it's definitely not a 4 star hotel despite the official classification.
You have to ride the coaster!
I'm heeeeere!
Time for a nap now...Sleepytown then Partytown!
nkotbsb!!
Zumanity
Free craps lesson 11am-12pm daily
Live bands all the time
Lots of under 30 folks- party central
Monopoly slots are stingy here.
no luck!!
Fletch isn't big enough to ride the roller coaster....but he sure wants to go.
We are here!
Yummy food@  gallagher's steakhouse... nyny... one of my favorite hotels!
Checking out here shortly
Let's get this party started!!
At the bar with Vince knocking back 151 and cokes on #2 now.  Shooting for 10.
Back for more alcohol abuse.
Back on the 151.
Bad luck is better than no luck?  SMH Get $$$$$$$
After Valentine's date booked for the first weekend in March.
Center bar - the coolest bar ever. Great music, fun people, great view, no cover, strong drinks....just pure fun.
Finall!!!!
Great location
Home of my favorite mango slushie!
Slushie drink!!!
Seeing my girl Beverly get hitched!
Please Baby Jesus let me get some extra cheese!...
Lucky here $20 turned into $110 :)
Let the adventure begin
Fu kin finally! ZZZZzzzz.....
Chilling with the gurllsss
:)
More jack
More jack
Great night with the wife...having a relaxing time.
Pit stop for more jack
Getting breakfast on after the gym. Then time for jack and comes
In line for the roller coaster'
Vegas baby.
Birthday bets on roulette!!
Day 5 of adult disneyland
Billboard music awards day1
Day2
Day 3 and pre-parties
I forget what day we r on but still here
Magnum billboard pre party
Leavin today...sad. Had a great time...Thanx NYNY.
It's a hell of a... Hotel!
Current winnings... Negative two dollars =(
Pretty flamingos everywhere
Winnings... Negative one dollar.
We were at the Luxor. Sit down. Get a drink lady coming by. Here, no service! :(
This is where you can find me. No, that is not an invitation. Showering with a whiskey coke.
We paid for early check-in. The room wasn't available until 4:00 p.m. The rooms are nice.
Just chillin
Time to hide.
Not ballin'.
I'm still breathing...apparently.
Time to Get the hell outta Dodge.
The toilet paper in the bathroom closest to the buffet is soft.  Not charmin soft, but still comforting after turmoil.
Loving RYAN at New York New york's check in!  Someone needs to give this guy a promotion!
Having an awesome surf and turf dinner at Gallaghers steakhouse. Excellent service and hot fresh food. No complaints
Watching Zumanity with my hubby.
A good-sized gym to workout in!!  Not overly crowded at all!!
Having breakfast at the Cafe!
Good place for fun and food
Roller coaster time!!
Boutique has cool Jabbawockeez products!!
Not busy today that's good
Beautiful strip view room. Complimentary upgrade.
The roller coaster costs $14 per ride.
You can request a Bella Suite next to a King Suite if your group has different accommodations.
This hotel doesn't have any ice machines in the halls.
This nice place hotel, always come up here for the view of ppl
Third trip to the Strip. A decent room with good space. Not quite the view. Back end of Monte Carlo for us on rhw 15th floor. Not a seperate shower. Pros lots of small deli and eateries.
Look for the "big buck" slot machine it's half slot machine part shooting game.
I love roulette!!
Ask for free water at the bell desk!!
Food looks good
Come on down to a great place to eat
I had a free room for 3 nights and asked if any upgrades were available and they ended up putting me in a worse older outdated room than my original option ! And the cleaning crew should mop the bathroom floors daily and they do not!!  Same stain areas for 3 days now ... It's a shame because the casino at night is one of the most fun ones I have been in by far !!! As a platinum member I expected to be treated much better by the VIP check in area ,,  plus the put me in a wheelchair room w no view
I like this place!
Check out the bars: good cheap beer. Gotta go see Zumanity. Amazing show! Pizza at Il Fornaio...indescribable.
Great pizza and sights.
What a change from earlier this week.  The place is packed and rocking.
Heading in to see the sharks this is by far one of the cleanest casinos we have visited
New York Pizza so delish!
We came for Irish carbombs !!
Great burgr!!
Room 2823 is clean & comfortable. Parking is plentiful. There's a Starbucks downstairs.
Great place for slots, very comfortable beds and a beautiful day spa.
I can hear the "neighbors" through the bao walls making "noises"...sooo pretty thin walls
Tip the piano players!
Check out Zumanity while staying here, Latin night at gonzalez&gonzalez on fri  and sat sucks the music isn't really a Latin night, if your looking for copacabana style salsa merengue  reggae reggateton etc.. you won't find it there.. mostly Mexican band music.
For quick food try the deli for their amazing sandwiches, and the pizza place has massive slices.
Hotel bem localizado e confortvel. Bom para famlia, casais, turistas em geral. tima relao custo-benefcio. Eu s  aconselho pra quem est no clima de balada. Nesse caso, melhor procurar o The Cosmopolitan ou Belaggio.
Check for deals on Facebook. We booked with a deal from there that was cheaper than the MLife deal and we got extras too!
Love it all!!
Small pool, not impressed, room was nice
Rooms at NYNY were a little nicer but the price was a little less
Nice and friendly atmosphere great for people with children.
Loved this place and the vibe
I won at this casino. Yay!!!
Il Fornaio is an Italian restaurant in NY NY. Make sure you check it out, it's delicious!
One of our favorite  places to stay in Vegas. Nice set up
Resort fee is too high!!
Great little restaurants - deli, pizza place, fish, etc.  Something for everyone!
Windy days are noisy in the rooms
Don't ride the roller coaster after eating at the buffet!!
go somewhere where nobody writes about no hot water.
Its an old hotel but was ok with the stay
While you're there, you might as well treat yourself to a brownie sandwich from Hershey's Chocolate World!
Get the upgrade and stay in a non-smoking spa room!
Valet service AAAwesome! Somehow got in wrong lot and they moved a car to help us get to the right lot.
14 dollars for single roller coaster ride.  Don't get lured in to paying the 40.  Very deceptive.
Don't take a smoking suite hoping it won't smell like smoke
Empire section has access higher floors. 30th to 43rd I believe. I'm on 41st check the view....
Very clean casino.
dualing pianos.  a must see
We arrived at 4:30pm and we're waiting right outside it while they finish cleaning the room. :/
Not so hot on the waitress on the slots
Pizza place inside has a New York style pizza slice and a beer for $7.77.
Please add in-room coffee.
Rode the roller coaster here and it was so fun! $14/ride!
Less high end shops, fun little places like gourmet popcorn storefront and the V theater
There's a gorgeous tea house on the top floor here!
Gonzalez y Gonzalez is a great place to go dancing. Margaritas are good.
The ride is cool but dont waste your money on an arcade card most the of the games are damaged and the card readers kept resetting
Very clean updated rooms.  So far no problems,  enjoying our stay.
Worst hotel experience ever!!! Total rip off stay somewhere else!!!!
Great
Pizza Pizza Pizza!!!!! Bomb!
Lacks casual dining options
The Big Apple Coaster offers military discount
$19.99 buffet Monday through Friday includes bottomless mimosas and bloody Mary's
Stayed here again.... Disappointed again!!
Don't stay here! Room old and now they charge hotel guess $18 per day to valet and self park $10 per day !
My tip is don't stay here! Over price and everything is nasty ! Pillows are old and dirty and smell like sweat !
If you want to rest at night look for another casino ! 2 nights with no sleep due to their stupid roof night club! Over price not worth staying here at all!!!
Sports book opens at 8am so you need to go to the cashier cage. Too bad the guy at the cage REFUSED to cash my ticket. Terrible service due to pure laziness. Don't stay here and don't play here!!!!
Only use cash at coyote ugly.  They will rip your information like they did mine!
Plenty of open spaces
The elevators at this hotel are SUPER slow.   Plan on it taking 15 minutes to get to your room once you're at the elevator.
Pool is decent. But don't bother with the happy hour poolside food. It's a cup of defrosted tiny shrimp with cocktail sauce dumped on it.
They charge $3 to use the in-room safe!!!!!!! Ridiculous.
play texas hold em at the only texas hold em table they have that's on the floor!
Here for a few days
This place blows
Mojito
Playa in the house
Get the 2 bed suite totally worth it
@ the Covnvention Center for CES
Parker Seminar 2011!
Day 2 ~ Parker Seminar!
Day 3 ~ Parker Seminar!
Very nice rooms!
Stay elsewhere. This place is a dump and has lousy customer service.
Congrats Kris and Steph!!!
Hotwire , you have failed us!!!!
Woot just got here!
Room is dirty. Afraid to walk barefoot on this nasty carpet!
Who pays for wi-fi at ANY hotel any more?! Seriously Hilton...
This place sucks.  Nothing but knocking and banging doors since 8am.  Housekeeping on floor seven north needs to go sleep with the fishes.
The men's restrooms in the casino with the pictures of girls looking at you are disgusting
Stood there a couple months ago loved the full kitchen, the washer/dryer and the hot tub feels like home sweet home
Viva las Vegas!
Ask only for North tower or the place is a total dump
Great for kids since there is a pool, movie theater and bowling alley. Really enjoyed it.
Great place to stay in Vegas off the strip. Nice pool if it's warm out!
If you find a dirty napkin when you first enter the room, INSIST on getting a new one!
Wish you were here.
The Players Club rate is hard to beat, the rooms are clean and beds comfortable. The premium room is worth it for the sake of the refrigerator. Recently they began adding the resort fee, it's still less than other hotels, but when you arrive late or don't use the facilities is a nuisance. The buffet has improved on some dishes. The added proximity to the Tram that takes you to the strip is a big plus.
Self park or tip to get your car first at valet!
Baker to Vegas Pre-Party
Awesome place off the strip. Good place to get away from the congested strip area.
Our non-smoking room smells like smoke. Not off to a good start.
Vegas!
Definitely try the buffet!! Lots of goodies for a decent price!
Clark County Fire Dept exam time!
I'm in Las Vegas bitch!
The shit, space room or lounge...hell idk I'm still faded but its on
First room we got was right next to elevators. Changing rooms so we don't have to listen to that all night.
Would not stay here again unless I was going to a convention. Our room gad no clock, bed had no blanket. The AC was broken but they did fix it within the first hour of check-in.
Better since remodel. Staff is friendlier and the rooms are cleaner.
Some problems with the check in, but they gave me a free buffet voucher.
Do not stay here!!! The rooms are dirty and the place was crawling with hookers on a Saturday night. And this is a photo of the condom wrapper hiding under my "Murphy" bed when I lifted it up.
Don't. Come here. Just don't. If you want cheap and decent quality book harrahs instead
Really? Wifi isn't free here? No mini bar? Cheapest restaurants in town! Feels like I'm staying at hooters!
Worse hotel I have ever had
When they say you get what you pay for this is what they meant. Dirty floors, dim lights no HD TV. $14.00 a day per device for WI-FI.  I won't be back.
Not happy about the only spa this hotel has is broken
Nice clean room good service I recommend staying there u will love it  The showers have no water pressure expect that it's a great place
People at the front desk are very rude! Never coming here again!
Very classy hotel.
I just checked in, but the place has improved a lot since the previous reviewers were here.   This place seems clean and legitimate.
This place is really nice. It's clean, comfortable, and they provide a big breakfast.
Very classy place.
Great place to stay, would stay here again.  Patty at the front desk was very friendly and helpful
I booked LVH on Hotwire and they gave it 3.5 stars, so I was confident it was gonna be nice, but it wasn't.  The first room was smoking and it smelled disgusting. They moved us to a non-smoking room by the elevator, which we had hear all night. Went to take a shower, the tub was dirty and the water wouldn't turn on, the knob was broken. They could've moved us the next day, but we would've had to wait all day for a new room. I already saw two rooms and they were both unappealing. NOT 3.5 stars!
Going to explore the restaurants around here. I'm hungry, I'm still on this mornings cup of coffee.
Coffee...
Made it!
Yay! Made it. =D it's 110 degrees.
Will not be returning! This place is for you IF you want old, run down, out dated, far from strip, dirty, & cheap!
Utilize the coupon book and other perks like the $8 food and beverage green slip, sign up for players card with the flier from check in to get megabucks. Bottled water, coffee costs money, be careful! Staff is friendly. Not crowded and relaxing environment. Great for the value! Close to the lvh convention center rtc stop for easy transportation.
Balla!!! Freak at the front said the place is ours till Sunday!!! Roll thru
Bleh do not go to the Bathroom here
Everyone here is either an ass hole or a bitch... hate to be racist but its hard when the voice replying back to me for "room service" sounds like a ghetto "I dont give a fuck about your feelings because I make minimum wage and I was born and raised in compton" attitude :) definitely worth your money.. yup!
Please be a where that hotel is the worse  you can see in your life no customer serves manure there you are talking to them thy walk a way with no  excuse and they trio the pepper and walk a way not only that you ask for manager no respond. After all that you get to the room the room dirty andI can't take shower the Handel in the bath tap not working  we have shower in the pool not only that after the night out we com back to are room we can't get in security take in hour to com open the room
The casino itself is not that great, but great location to Monotrail to anywhere on the strip
So far the line to get checked is 50 people deep. Parking is a bit far.
Tiffany..you have THE worst customer service EVER. Do not talk to me or other customers like that ever again. This place sucks ass. Btw, Tiffany works at the front desk. African American female with short hair and highlights.
we have arrrrrrrived
Pool timee
Checking in, my cuz up graded us to a suite! SWEET!!!!
Heading on home!
Line to check in is way too freakin long!!! :(
This is the first and last time I will ever stay at this hotel.   Although the beds are comfortable and the monorail stops here that's where the niceties end.  Everything was an extra charge even coffee in the room every single day and I don't mean room service. Room service is minimal and they shut down all the restaurants and  room service early and you're left with eating at a deli for dinner if you don't eat early.  It might seem like a good deal but trust me..... Stay somewhere else!
Mac at the limo office was very helpful in getting around town. Said at the bell desk took care of me also.
Such a dump.  I only stay here because it's close to CES - otherwise avoid it.
First time I've ever seen a Banda in a las vegas casino.....
Sin city brewery os awesome. Visot moe wjen you're there. She's the best!
Wi fi kinda sucks
Customer Service was Very Poor at the Buffet and The security was rude.
Don't take a taxi; don't take a shuttle; the monorail is your best bet if you're not driving!!
Don't stay here!
If you want to risk it try it
Don't stay here!
Great place cheap and clean nice room.
Don't expect to get room service
why aren't more people saying how great this place is?!?!
don't stay here!!!!
THE NEW WESTGATE!  Brings back lots of memories from the 60's, 70's and 80's....love rock n roll!!
Don't stay here!
Toilet leak never got fixed, room was dirty and the pool was closed. Meh!
Make sure to get your room on floors 25+ because they've received significant upgrades that a worth $40 IMHO.
So beautiful!
Foot long Eiffel tower drinks! Yeah!
I feel like such a balla right now... This hotel is awesome!
Woot!!!
Longest walk ever....
Poarty room!!!
Gettin ready!
ok we're just with Paris Hilton! :D
Yay Vegas!
Beautiful. Loving it. Hit my favorite buffet on the strip.
Back to our mini suite for some shut eye before departure back home tomorrow morning.
Buffet...yummmmmmm
Shark Reef!
The buffet here is phenomenal!!
Chateaux night club
Service is always excellent!
that's hot
Check in is at 4 if u r coming earlier try to call in advance or arrive b4 noon
Vacation time! Weather is perfect!
Is this hotel pager friendly?
Last day in Vegas.
Le Provencal is underrated.
Winner winner chicken dinner
Supppppp pimp
yeeeeeeeeeeeuh buddy
Lessssss go!!!!
Best brunch in Vegas!
Helloooo las vegas!!!!
Mmmmm really good breakfast @ their buffet. 1 plate and I'm stuffed : D
Upgraded!  View of Paris pool, Eiffel Tower and Bellagio fountain!  Lets see what this complimentary continental breakfast is all about...
oui oui!
phantom!!
Good morning vegas!
$15 for wifi not so cool~
It's not in the cards for meh T_T
Steak an eggs is tasty but $8.99.....X_X
Chilling' before an evening out
Slow service in Mon Ami
Vinny is here!
Preview of where we'll be in 9 months!
Happy Birthday Baby!!
Village buffet not worth it. Feedlot, noisy, crab legs small, plates small, no tools  to crack crab with.  Waste of
Watched Nutcracker. Best nap ever
Slow check-in, feels like LAX. Understaffed Xmas weekend.
Free wifi in suites
The bombshells penny slots can be kind of exciting...
Tv in every room except the little toilet room.
Air quality and gaming here sucks! walk to Ballys instead.
This hotel is older than Paris, but its cleaner and smoke doesnt linger around...casino smells like vanilla
When Mandalay Bay messes up your reservations, they upgrade you free of charge to the Four Seasons (:
New years 2012 is about to pop off!
It's a Small World meets a Pepe le Pew cartoon... but great location & cheap room rates.
Get the Miami Vice drink
Beautiful hotel, but not that many slots.
Don't expect amazing customer service here.
Yum! Crepes!!!
Being your own pillows!
Je suis tres joyeux! Le Tour Eiffel!!
Jabbawockeez!! Woot woot!
Smoke smell is especially bad at this casino
Clean apartment-like rooms
Yes, Butterfly is technically "outdoors" but the heaters made the desert night cozy warm!
Careful harrods loyalty points no good any more!
Girls' weekender!
Get room with view.
Nice!
Yard of alcohol...check.....gambling...check....winning....almost
Yay!!!
Guinness store & pub
Earl of Sandwich...................before we head home :(
My favorite place at PH
Last frozen Baileys and Jamesons before they close....
Attending #worldventures United! tonight is the beach party that made my top 10 travel memories of last yr!
I've always wanted to see the titanic exhibit- why wait
Full time residents of MGM signature can get friends a discount when staying at the hotel :)
Excellent location right in the middle of the strip.
Eiffel Tower ride is great in the evening!!
Smoky !
Valet, if possible.
Nice gym
Avoid the 'Upgrade,' which might get you a huge, delatidated 'Shining' mansion-room.
Elevators no workee after midnight. Except for the one where a butterscotch drink got dropped.
Buffet time!
Bday weekend=)
All in!=)
Drink drink drink
All I am allowed to say is "thumbs up" because what happens in Vegas...stays in Vegas ;)
The Pleasure Pit is sexy and fun especially when you're winning! Truly a pleasure!!
Sexy vibe ;)
Yeah I'm in Paris.
Luxor nigga!
Just parked, looking forward to a fun weekend. Vegas baby! ;)
We don't normally stay here when we're in Vegas, but we always enjoy visiting. Unfortunately, this time has been the exception.  There was an unpleasant smell in the casino and everything was really dirty. In addition, they have the slowest valet of any place we visited this week.
Not at all disappointed.
My bro and I are gonna monitor the shit out of these polls tomorrow!
The staff is exceptionally courteous and amiable for the city of sin! :]
Baaack in Vegas.  The space of the hip room, plus the oversized tub is sweet for the price!
Gorgeous interior design and decor.
Don't get lost!!
Stayed for 5 days during Thanksgiving and my kids picked this hotel. 1st impression was not good! Check in line was long and front desk person was very rude. My children were in shock with her attitude and still talk about it today. Hotel does need some updating in certain areas!
Ceasars hotels don't like early check in.  So if you insist on 3 pm check in, staff the desk to handle the rush. Paris does not, be prepared for a long wait if you stay here.
Use total rewards...get room comps!
There is a lot of security in this building- not sure why?
Jersey Boys!
Lovely place to visit. Great staff, facilities and food!
Cigar shop located in the hall "mall" which connects Paris with Balley's.
Get a room with strip view ..its fabulous!
Great place to take my parents!  Having a good time ..service is great!
Diamond lounge. ..good hot food and salad bar!
Watching Bellagio fountains from my window.
Nursing2013 Symposium
VIP lounge! Damn it's good to be back!!!
If driving it's easier to pull up into the hotel from the other side of Las Vegas Blvd. by making a left turn at the stoplight into their driveway. Otherwise, it's nearly impossible to make a right turn into the hotel with the throngs of pedestrians crossing the street (no separate pedestrian light) and the traffic they create
Uber pick-up is downstairs from the main lobby and registration area.  When on the app, you are given three locations to choose from for pick up. You will want to select Mandalay Beach.
No casino = quiet, no crowds, no smoky air :) Smells so good in the main corridor from the lobby to guest elevators/exit to Mandalay Bay. Top notch service, beautiful rooms and grounds - best hotel in Las Vegas!
To get to next door to Mandalay Bay from the Four Seasons' lobby or restaurants, take the staircase between the lobby and restaurants up and it will take you to Mandalay Bay's registration area.
The beds in the Octavius Tower are super comfortable! Had an excellent night's sleep each night of our stay :)
To get to the Julius Tower from the main entrance, head straight and walk down the path that's right in the middle between the gaming tables and it'll take you straight to the elevators for that tower.
Service was a lot slower on my second stay. Welcome tea and crackers, housekeeping, and simple requests took longer to get to us.
Pillows were fine, no stiff neck, but room cleanliness and customer service need improvement
If your looking for a nice hotel with great food and a centralized location on the strip, Paris is it.
Ask about the tour of this really old and historic building...lot of history here.
Nice hotel, false advertising with the wifi... Get with the times man... Bs...
It's ok. Nothing special for sure. Some great views if you get a west-facing room.
Fantastic French dip and service!
Le Eiffel Tower...
The pool is okay... It's more of a family friendly area... It is 3 1/2" deep all around
Nice rooms.
Great place to get away. Very relaxive and romantic.
This place is freaking horrible. Slots suck, buffet sucked for the price  and we couldn't get a drink before lossing our money.
I hope you do not get waited upon by Ryan at the Diamond/Platinum desk. Cold and impersonable. Needs to be more friendly and able to joke about technology.
Good hotel until the day we tried Venetian:) it's like a mini Venetian hotel vibe:))
Me and my kids love this hotel!!!!! Love the pool:)
Nice hotel!!!!:) pricey! Worth the money.  Get the suite!!
Oh my god the rooms are terrible can't believe I am staying here
Believe
Towels are like sandpaper stay somewhere else!
If you like towels and toilet paper that feels like sandpaper, this is the place for you!
This hotel needs to really needs to invest in new towels!!!!
Same parking tip that I left before
Get off on the exit before Sarah and you'll get to the hotel a lot faster
You can check in early for an extra fee. Paying a bit extra is worth it if you need to rest during the day before hitting up the night clubs.
Check in was quick but access to rooms @ bungalows beyond the 2nd floor required one to carry a huge luggage so be careful not to fall with your luggage.
The TV gets crappy glitchy, crappy reception.
Shuttle doesn't go to LVCC :(
Shuttle only drops you off at Caesars and comes only once an hour. Cab ride is nearly $30 from here.
Quick meal before heading to the airport.
What? Marquis ain't open tonight?
Only serves pepsi no coke
There rooms are spacious and comfy, like the pool area it was quiet large. If you can get there rooms at a discount it's totally worth it.
Long line at check in waited almost 1 hr..
Line on wed night is mad long..... what the.
Don't pay for a room upgrade. I got misled and was given a room with a so called view.  Is the fire department ever inspecting these?
Average hotel in Las Vegas. It looks old.
Love this hotel but the pool leaves much to be desired!
Opt for the "red room" otherwise you will be disappointed by the accommodations
staff at the casino are not friendly, they treated us so bad.
The front desk lady was extremely rude ..... "Carrie"
Nice (neece) suite. Over 1000 square feet of ...NOTHING.   Cons: 1.Outdated, wall paint coming off. 2. 3 towels per suite? 3. No complimentary water in a suite? Even the flamingo offers it.  4. No double vanity in master bathroom 5. Huge shower but tiny shower head and water pressure extremely low.  6. Bed not comfortable at all.  7. Light fixtures are hard to turn on or you may trip over broken power cords 8. AC/heater doesn't work  Pros: Big room   But they want to charge $350 per night.....
I recommend planet hollywood before here, they never came to clean the room! Why would they randomly not clean the room??...sad
Avoid trying to gamble during peak hours. Way too many people walking around and sitting at the tables.
My new favorite spot for comfort food
Bent my id then just said too bad. Terrible customer service and sketchy people.
Too much smoke in the casino, but not as bad as other places - the worst being Excalibur.
Don't book through Groupon. If you booked an Eiffel Tower view room, confirm with the reservation agent whether they gave you the correct room before leaving the Front Deske because we got downgraded without them even informing us and they did not compensate the difference of the basic room vs the view room.
Nice resort in Vegas.
Free parking, but the signage in the hotel and casino sucks!  Kind of hard to find your way around!
Paris Hotel was horrible. I used the self-check in - which was a BIG mistake. I was told at check out that the machine randomly selects the rooms. Just our luck it selected us next to the laundry room. So we were awaken to water continuously gushing.   The bathroom was disgusting! After bringing it to the manager's attention - he apologized (as if he didn't really care) and said, have a safe trip home.   An ongoing renovation does not replace the rooms being cleaned and good customer service.
Electricity outage right now 11-3-16 ...10am.  Outrage due to Contractors cutting Wrong Wire.... Relicating guests to Ballys for now* 5:30pm*** Back up Generators did not kick in...Reopened 11-4-16 @ 9:30 am.  Paris will cover all inconvenience $$$((=
Here's my tip to you, fellow Yelper, go somewhere else. This place is horrific. The people are rude and they don't value their customers. Rooms are dirty. You've got better options on the Strip than this place.
Use your AAA card for additional room discounts when booking
Great location across from the Hard Rock. AAA card gets you additional discount. Free parking lot. No room service, no casino.
Munsters slot machine baby!
So many Pros here
Vegas, baby!
Wow, nice full-service club for Amex platinum and Centurion card members. What a great addition to LAS.
An oasis of serenity.
Decent size of room!! Very comfortable bed!!
Located at the beginning of the strip, just before the all the craze begins... Four Seasons Hotel connected to Mandalay if you want some peace and quiet away from the casino and slot machines.
If you want luxurious full service suites, Skylofts impresses..
2nd time staying at Skylofts, and it just gets better & BETTER!! FOMO (Fear Of Missing Out)
We walked in to have a drink and just a word of caution, they don't take cash. Like a cruise. Totally cool staff though!!
Great spot!!!
Get a room facing away from the pool club, Rehab. You'll thank me later.
Come late and get upgraded
In terminal 3 gate D... welcoming 2 little blue doors - make a turn by huge Jamba Juice sign.
Great service and amazing food
Shot shot shots everyboddyyy
Jabbawockeez...
Too bad it' s not the real Monte Carlo, as that would put me in the Southern France, instead I'm in the cold desert
The hotel rooms need some upgrades, the AC is very loud
They began upgrading the old school TVs to 40 inch plasmas throughout the hotel on Valentine's Day! Much better.
Got a room with a view of the strip!
Shoving off!!
Jabbawockeez
Home sweet home
Home sweet home
Hotel is okay. For a more luxury experience go to the Wynn or Encore.
One of my fav hotels in my favorite city!
All that glitters is here!
Cvs for ATM.  Gotta love Chase!
Wicked Spoon!
Wow! Very tasty pool scene indeed
U can request feather pillows with housekeeping. The reg pillows are awful!
Checking in. Finally!
Wild Teas fek
The Wild Teas from Ignite are the bomb.com
Checking in
Sleep time
Jabbawockeez!!!!
Jabbawokeez!
Penthouse suite!
Helloooo Vegas!!
About to see the jabbawockeez!
All day breakfast at The Cafe.
Pass on this casino...
jabbawockeez
Finally here!
No such thing as an early check in for 3 room villa. Bummed trying to waste time without feeling ready :-/ I hope we can check in by check in time.
Stayed in the tower closest to miracle mile on the 33rd floor and NEVER heard construction!!! :-)
Love monte Carlo ! This hotel is always clean, classy, quiet, seemingly smoke free with good service
Jabbawockeez oh boy!!!
So excited!!!
Get a high level floor - better view.
Resort fee $20- a night. & only give you 2 tiny bottled waters when you request for some....what a rip off.
Bring ur own pillows. MC's are TOO big & fluffy, screwed up the neck pretty bad, can barely turn my head to drive.
This place blows worst service ever.
Two for one drinks
I need $$$
Lounging by the pool ;-)
;-)
We have arrived!
Lazy river FTW!
Definitely one of the newer hotels
Prepare to wait in a long line for check-in
late night. night life.
No long lines for check in!
Got upgraded to a city view room! Ask for Michael, he is awesome!
It's 11:46am and there is an early registration fee of $28!
We had no idea they had a regular pool, wave pool, and lazy river. Somewhat small, but definitely a bonus!
Wat a beautiful hotel.friends taking us away to rest, relax, and regroup. Love the service, the rooms, and the atmosphere. Thanks Hector & Jennifer you guys rock.
Stay on top of your Kuerig Pods...the housekeeping staff likes to "forget" to replace water and coffee supplies.
Vacation
29th floor is beautiful!! Views are gorgeous!
Not too shabby in a good location
My home for the next two nights.
Nice place. Clean rooms, friendly staff.
Bluemann
Bufffettt
Blue Man Group Procession at 6:15pm every night. Looks cool!
Most beautiful hotel of all... Don't forget to make it down to the self park garage B2. There's multiple wall murals of Shepard Fairey's work.
There's an amazing talented artist in a kiosk that does live face sculpturing with clay. You got to check it out. In roughly 30 minutes, they sculpture your face with clay and mount it on a frame. Amazing work for an incredible price!
If you're checking out and are waiting for the overly busy elevator go up and then come back down
Some 5th floor rooms overlook pool on the same level.
Awesome hotel. Except everytime im staying here i always find the bed sheets with holes. Last time i was here the curtain broke, lamp had a huge hole and so did the sheets. The hotel atmosphere is nice though.
Check in was easy and fast. Navigating this place (drunk) is insane though!
Hotel 32 a boutique hotel on 32nd floor is so kouch hetter then the rest of the resort
The cleaning staff and employees around the casino were the best thing about this hotel .. The food at Brand, their steakhouse was horrible .. Don't eat there, unless you want food poisoning .. You would think that Monte Carlo would be lavish with the name, look and logo of it all... But the room was small.. Smaller then Luxor.. We also ordered room service two days . .. The food was worse than hospital food .. I would never come here again .. Thoroughly disappointed ..heed my words ..
Love staying here .. Plain and simple. Upgrade to a spa suite if you can.
Ask for Alisha in VIP cabanas as your server
Love this hotel for the prices and free breakfast buffet
They have a great cafe here called cafe. Really nice, big menu and vegetarian options!
Amazing Hotel with alot to see and do!
Holiday weekend relaxation
Michael Jackson's One
Not the best!  Very dated and very has very thin walls.  You hear everything going on next door
Worst cocktail floor service ever! Ask a server for a drink she said um I'll be back later cat take your order WTF
System has been down for over 45 minutes. No one can check in
12 years going too vegas I have never walked into a room and had too look at this on the other bed in our room!  35 minutes too check in . Went too all are usual hotspots when we came back too hotel for a nightcap I sat at a small sports bar with  12 stools. There were 2 bartenders and 7 or 8 customers We basically had too beg for service in this hotel at $22.00 for a beer and a watermelon cocktail for my wife . I stupidly was going too buy another round . FORGET THIS PLACE THEY DONT CARE !
Slip the check in agent and/or box office agent a $10. Good karma. Gets results.
Gamble away! And use your MLife card.
Wifi only in the first two floors, therefore bad reception
Really comfortable suites and even regular rooms.... Relax feel and has a food court for last minute fast food runs....
Rooms are okay.
Outdated and dirty rooms! Found old water bottle and food crumbs from previous guests!
Check out the Blue Man Group parade nightly in the lobby starting at 6:15pm.
Fast and easy check in. No in room WiFi. Only available on 1st and 2nd floors.
Stay somewhere else while in Vegas
Don't stay here horrible
Monte Carlo is very centrally located food and entertainment wise
With all of the new places at city center monte remains a great place. Hospitable, reasonable rates and great location. We spend winter at monte and summer at grand.
You never have to leave the property
If you want a drink go sit at the bar because chances are you will not even see a cocktail server
Good location in the middle of the strip
always sunny on the lazy river
Faster than Valet here
They have a display here for Floyd Mayweather . Really cool !
You win some. And you lose some (obviously lol) But that's a part of gambling.
Beautiful Casino & Hotel
Not a great quality hotel for the price
You can find great deals on the internet
Impossible to find a seat on Saturdays at the pool!
I ended up not using their wifi because it was much too slow!
Pretty good hotel, clean, great view and good gambling options.
Looking up from the lazy river and wave pool at the Monte Carlo. Get your dance, tan, and drink on!
Would never stay here again...
The "perfumed air" in the casino is so flipping strong I can't breathe omg
Just regular. Nothing special. Everything was clean and staff was polite. I might stay here again.
There's currently construction by the hotel. Request a quiet room if you value sleep! We have a high floor room overlooking the pool area.
Mold in tub   No internet
Love that you don't have to go thru the casino to get to your rm!
The WIFI at this place sucks so much even ad's on YouTube won't play without freezing up.
No wifi in rooms and data is slow as mud, they have a internet "wired hook up" but who cares get off your phone and go have fun!:-)
Great experience! The staff was quick to respond to our every need.
Don't stay here! I have stayed at 8 different hotels in Vegas and this is by far the worst. I would not stay here again even if it was free.
If you plan on partying all night and sleeping in don't forget to put up the Do Not Disturb sign on your door. Housekeeping starts cleaning rooms early.
The rooms were messy, stains on carpet, and open Junction box above Jacuzzi
bring extention cord cuz they got only ONE outlet in the room.
for pool area - raise up your flag on your lounge chair n someone will come service u within 5 seconds. awesome n attentive service. amazing!
pool area - sneak in ur own drinks if u r broke cuz each drinks r $20+
Small , smoke smelly , old style room . Feel like staying in a motel . Slow checkin
Stayed in the Monaco Suite and had a blast! Loved it!
I made reservations at this with ease and they gave me a great price.
place looks better than it looks. i would honestly rate this place along side circus circus. old. out dated. and absolutely gross here are just a couple of pics from our most recent stay. almost all the metal is rusted and gross. sinks everything.
Had a blast!!! Loved are room !!!
Don't stay here until construction is completed!
Not as nice on the inside...rooms are just average. Looks aged. MC must have spent all their budget on decorating the lobby
Quick, super friendly check in staff, porters and valet.
If you want to save some serious money, take yourself off the strip to eat and drink.  Everything is 3 times the normal price you would pay for simple snacks or meals or adult beverages. I will be packing my own snacks and drinks if we come back to Vegas.
this place has moths!!!! yuck. that is all!
No internet wifi here. It will not work.
First hit and won $23.20. My bid was just 60 cents what a good start.
Newly built Park walkway is looking great and includes some fancy eateries! Bonus for the newly built Shake Shack!!
They took McDonald out the food court.
They closed down the Lick store too.
This hotel is horrible! I've stayed at better motel 6s than this rats nest.
They should NOT be charging a resort fee during renovations. Good luck using wifi. Avoid until renovation are completed.
WiFi does not work!
Very nice hotel especially the location.
The room is worse than a 2 star I used to stay in during the college year!
Don't stay here if you prefer a clean room.
Beautiful beautiful hotel.  So much commercialized than the real place but brings good memories.
The aria buffet desserts are great but scant.  Services is hard to get when you have a party of 6 or more.  Food is mediocre.  Go belaggio.
West tower suite. REAL NICE
@ buffet. poppin champagne!
The start of the bachelorette wknd!!
You smell so good
My favorite hotel on the strip!
buzzed but winning!!!!!
Early bird gets the water....
Get a room in the East Tower for views of Bellagio Fountains & direct access to the strip. The East Tower garage is harder to find and therefore it's less crowded and it's easier to find parking.
Get a room in the East Tower for views of the Bellagio Fountains & also so that you have quick, direct walking access to the strip. The East Tower garage is sort of hidden off the strip, but it's less crowded and it's easier to find parking than at the West Tower garage.
Room 47002 has the beat view
Last day :(
Great hotel and fantictic view.
This was a pretty good show. Very small venue but still a good show.
Nicest rooms I've stayed in.
Always pleases!
The suite is AMAZING. Sadly, much bigger than the Long Beach apt. There are TWO bathrooms, too!!
What a Great hotel!  All suites.
Spring break vacation!
We came early on a Sunday morning when everyone else is still sleeping and got a private gondola ride (w/o paying the "private fee")!
If you're broke don't come here.
Good for the price and they recently remodeled.
Quick recharge before hitting the pool again :)
Awesome hotel!!!!
Probably one of the nicest hotels I've stayed at in Vegas. As they say, "you get what you paid for."
This is the sister hotel to Venetian and is just as nice. I'm not staying here but I would consider it in the future.
1000 grazie points gets u a free suite. Not too shabby
Finally!!! I can friggin check in!!!
Sup cosmo...
Yeaaahhhh Baby!
Finally here! Ahhhhh!
Less weird perfumey stench than in the past.
They have wedding chapels here.
Coming from self-parking to the Venezia Tower suites felt like a maze... An AWESOME ONE!
Here for Halloween event - best night ever! Don't miss it!
Viva Las Vegas babbbby!
awesome!!!
Another day in fantasy land.
Pool is on 2nd floor.
Vegas baby!
Careful of the "view upgrade" if your room faces Treasure Island and Palazzo the view is good not great.
Had a great stay. This is a very nice hotel but as many of the reviews point out, it's not 5 stars as they claim.
Best Customer service of any hotel yet.
Best shopping ever with a huge sephora. Basically a girl's wet dream!
Kjgds Et he oh gdgj
Vegasssss
Early check-in is awesome!!!
Flippin waterfall/wall is ridiculous
Bout to either win a lot or lose a lot of money this week... ;)
Bongiorno.
Got distracted by the sparkle sparkle of.the chandelier... ooh so pretty...
Absolutely beautiful
Finally here. Exhausting drive.
Pit stop
Sleepy time
Piggie status
Waking up in vegas. Woot woot
Bye bye...
Home sweet home!
Tired... No After hours lounge tonight :(
Need to shower off that pool party water lol not the cleanest you know
Tao beach this morning, Tao nightclub tonight yeeee!
Checking out :(
Damn Cosmo is sick!!
Vegassssssssss
Interbike show. :)
Would not stay here again. I have been to Vegas 8 times this year this was the worst choice. I liked the other tower better.
At the Vouching Restaurant
Sitting with wife watching football
Love this place! Perfect for celebrating in style without breaking the budget!! :)
Are you ready for winter in Venice?!?
Jordin Sparks at Venetian!
checkin out
The rooms look plain and simple.
* Home away from home for the next 4 nights.  Christmas family vacay!
I like the Gondola singers. Cool!
Best place to stay, hands down! And it smells good in here :)
Dont stay at at the venezia,  went o visit some friends staying there and it was a journey walking from our room to the venezia towers
Ask them to rotate your mattress so you won't be sleeping on a decline.
First time (:
Hotel number 2! Love the suites
Shopping!
Take a break from life!
Nice!
Happy birthday Momo!!!
We made it!!!
My fav poker room :-)
Nice rooms, no poker table, not a lot of slots...which is probably a good thing :)
Wasn't I just here?
Hello again
Good to be back at thepalazzo
Breakfast at cafe lux was delish- staff and customer service is a+
Early morning business meeting
Another business meeting
Back at the homestead, going to have a drink. And lick my wounds from the casino.
Yes!  EMC World 2012!
We have arrived!!!
Finally here!!!!!!!!!!!
We meet again
Hello 3999
Last day here
Wow! Our room is amazing!
Pretty view!
If you eat at the Grand Lux Cafe (which has GREAT food for a reasonable price)...plan to split your dish cuz they serve big portions!!
Hotel motel holiday inn
Wonderful place ...but don't make the mistake of booking your trip through their online website! They use a 3rd party travel agency - Mark Travel aka During Travel who handled our very serious travel issues about as poorly as any company could. Seriously I have never dealt with such incompetence.
Wouldn't bother to stay here again.
Poker!
The stay was awesome!!
Hooyah hotel
This place is absolutely disgusting. There was literally a pile of shit outside of the elevators.
Absolutely stunning hotel. Only downside I can think of is that it's so big even the casino is nearly a 10 minute walk from our room, including two different banks of elevators.
Ein Wahnsin Geiles super Hotel . Teuer aber Genial einfach Las Vegas
Eating at B&B
This is just simply an amazing place !
Oh yeah!
Gambling is irrational behavior
Primi suites are primo.
Sky suites are the only way to go. Private entrance & elevators.
Complimentary free wifi
Don't miss out in the gondola ride !
Complimentary free wifi
Beautiful suites with awese bathrooms.
Here to eat before the big time countdown. Food is outstanding "Public House"
MJ is playing ball in Vegas can't beat it
Vegas Mike! Our limo driver is awesome.
One of the best hotels I ever stayed at. My biggest complaint was getting lost lol Room service was spectacular. Room was GIANT. 2 TV's, 2 huge beds, a couch,  2 huge rooms, I could go on for days about how large, clean & great this hotel was.
The Venitian is a great resort hotel!!! I felt like I was actually in Venice walking around and going on a very fun Gandola ride!!!!!!
Soul2Soul concert starts in 20mins, I can hardly wait!!!
Wow! It's bright in here. Feels like "closing time".
Always a pleasure
Just know the right ppl u can go far
Sexiest hotel in vegas
Love the city center
Went for a bussiness trip. Awesome food...the best pastries I've had. Not a casino fan, but went to the Phantom of the Opera and was really nice. Don't miss the Venice canal!
I love Venetian hotel and recommend it highly . Beautiful, spacious rooms with extremely comfortable beds , room service is on time, food taste great, many great restaurants and an amazing spa . Did I mention shopping? All kids of stores, connected to palazzo that has more shopping . St. marks square has Italian singers and amazing gelato .
Such comfy beds! :)
A great view...cool pool...and I know I just saw Adonis
The security guard brutally screamed at my fianc for saying "hold on dude" while reaching for his room key. His name is Preston. I went to the front desk and you can't file a complaint there only by the security center. I am going to write a review letting everyone know my experience
Pros -The suite has a roomy luxurious feel, with a european decor -In-suite dining was delicious and beautifully presented -The hotel in general is clean and full of life -Free wi-fi! Great reception in the whole hotel  Cons -Pullout bed is shit. You can feel the springs and you don't even get a blanket, only a thin sheet of linen... -Room service: it took 4 phone calls and over an hour to receive some pillows  Overall A lovely hotel with some small negative factors. RECOMMEND:)
Love this place! Especially Spanish 21 table and best poker room around!
Just beautiful
Really nice two bedroom condo. Has all the amenities you need. All you need to bring is you, your clothes and toiletries. There's a washer/dryer as well. Nice, clean, flat screen in every room, fire place, balcony...
Very nice suites
Great place to get away.
Lovely.
Why leave the hotel?
Toll.
The food is always amazing and service impeccable! Try any of the soups, they are to die for!!!
The casino is okay. I would think because it's the Hard Rock this place would ROCK! Maybe because it's the weekend the dealers feel they don't have to have any customer service skills. The rooms are amazing! We are staying in the Paradise Tower,  very masculine but romantic at the same time. Our view is of the strip and the pool. It's just beautiful. I love rocking out!
Shoot the dice, ask concierge for tickets to Tao and Tao beach
Rough towels &terry cloth robe, few movie channels, but the suite is still just that (sweet)!
Bikini required!!!
Famous DJ Calvin Harris!!
Checked in Thursday evening around nine-thirty and were second in line, last year we can in Friday evening and had to stand in a ridiculously long line.
The rooms (suites) are huge.
Stay away from Vegas completely.
Wow!
Taking the night tour! Vegas baby
Noisy housekeeping!!! avoid the rooms near the elevators, ice room and the housekeeping utility room. they are active all hours of the night!!!
FASTEST HOTEL GUEST WIFI EVER!!!   I've never been to a hotel where their Guest WiFi's Internet Access tops even some Data Centers. This screenshot is off an iPhone. On my MacBook, it posted 280Mbps. For a mere $15 resort fee, it's so worth it.
Great for shopping
Don't be surprised to see these cute animals in your room. Room service sucks in this hotel. Room doesn't have a single drawer. I purchased my vacation directly from Venetian and I am not coming here back again. I decided to reserve this hotel after I heard about the Renovation recently. I usually stay at Bellagio where I always stay happy. The casino in Venetian is 5 times smaller than Bellagio's casino. Casino is not as clean . Room service sucks. Sorry but Venetian is not better than 3.5 hote
I love their food courts and the style of this place is unique!
I'm here a lot.. and the suites are always nice
If u stay here make sure to stay in the Venetian tower as its super close to the self parking. I hate when parking is so far away
Just checked in. Had to pay an extra $75 early check in fee to, get to my room and there is still trash in here from the people that stayed here before me.
Great staff
At the time of reservation we were told the resort fee is included but it was a different story at check in.
We can't find a manger n this place
Lots of pool options!
Love the spa and the shows
Love the convenience of having food movies and bowling
K
Sweet suites! :)
Don't stay here. Choose the newer Venetian hotels like palazzo
Love the pool and always a fun scene and good jams ;)
Bread pudding
The decor and amenities are second to none. This Is The place to be!
Awesome show! !!!! I watched it twice.  You gotta see this, ..I could feel the heat
The palace is a little dirty it looks like it has black....
The treat everyone like criminals. Rooms are awesome but you need photo ID to charge anything. Need credit card to hold spa appointment. Pool food is a joke. No respect for the guest. Also do you expect to get food at a hotel pool like this photo.
Loved stay here!!! 1st timer and can't wait to come back
Great suite and clean which is why we like it.  Service is good too.
I like the Venetian hotel in Macau more. Though they are patterned to each other.
$25 mandatory resort fee covers the 4 pools and wifi!
Superb suite, excellent toiletries, lots of crown moldings and perfect floor plan
Walking down the grand canal shoppes is a nice was to spend a few hours. Food court is great to grab a cheap bite
Check out the romance room package online. Breakfast & dinner for two, private gondola ride, and discounts.
Touristy gimmicky and fun
My favorite casino! You always bring me good luck! Every time I come here, I win.
Literally the best rudest people. Don't go.
I like to be on vacation lol.
I was treated like a princess
Beautiful place! Check out the gondolas.
So called strip view room is so disappointed
This casino cheat, look at my photo.
called housekeeping for extra towels and was told it would be $20 per towel wtf?
LOVE the Venetian, but the hallways are super cold
Housekeeping will keep your belongings beware
We ordered breakfast and it was delivered without toast bread "although I asked for it". I called them and they said "ok, it is coming". 15 minutes later nothing happened. I called again and complained cuz our omelet got cold, and I asked for the manager and the reply was "he is in a meeting and your toast is coming". I left a message to the manager to call me back but never called!!!!!... Very poor service, not worth staying here. I guess they have enough customers and they do not care!!!
Note: the parking garage has free EV chargers on the 6th floor.
Bathrooms in hotel rooms don't lock -_-
Huge nice suites!!!
The bed was bad that I almost hurt my back and neck by the morning. King bed is almost queen size in most of other luxury resorts  Electric car charging is not available at Valet... They asked me to goto Another resort to do charging! Really
yelp claims not to remove reviews, but they quickly hide legitimate reviews about horrible service and parking at this hotel.
Manuel at the front desk knows what customer service is!
Easy to get lost in here lol
Love the bathtub
Beautiful rooms and suites. The smoke on the Casio floor is overpowering at times.
Go elsewhere.  Terrible service
Booking directly through venetian was cheaper than expedia
Stop at Basin White to get some bath bombs for the soaker tub and relax!
Same as always.
Even though I only stayed for two days, service was spectacular!
The pools aren't crystal clear despite pool boys skimming often. They're also rather cold temp wise for Vegas heat.
The casino has an alluring scent more so than the other casinos here. Doesn't smell as smokey!
One of the best hotel. Never had a bad experience here. Super roomy also.
This place sucks for not having a camera friendly policy.
Don't order midori sour drinks here from the cocktail waitress. They taste awful.
Beautiful. Friendly staff. But very expensive.
Walk from the lobby through the garage to the Linq promenade.  Saves about 75% of the commute time.
Here a tip, don't talk to this customer service lady if u don't want to get mad
Packed here
Great place for the price and atmosphere in the strip.  I love this place!
Note to self: stay at Four Seasons next time - you don't like casino hotels!
If your in town, text me.  Maybe we can get together.
Eat at Stack!  Some of the best steaks in Vegas
One of my Vegas Favs!  Great restaurants.
Finally here!!! And it's cold and I'm thirsty. :(
Home sweet home for the next few days..
Watching Love. More to follow.
Late night go go dancers at Revolution lounge!
Lovely guest rooms!
Beer pong!
No-limit Hold 'Em tournaments every day!
Checking in!
Hotel is cool but concierge is totally worthless and not friendly... Google was better in every way... F the mirage concierge
Cirque Love!
I officially rate Mirage the best chill hotel at Vegas. So relaxing here... I've been at fancy mancy 1s but this is amazing! Better for sure
Already a problem with them double charging for the room :/ check in taking an hour
Still waiting...
There's something about listening to "Naked Eye" and drinking a booze milkshake
Picking up LOVE tix..
Little Starbucks and football while my darlin' gets dolled up at The Spa for my Sister's wedding - amazing few weeks and the best family :)
Adultcon!
I hate this place. They need to learn how to put benches in the freakin lobby. Theres nothing here. cosmopolitan will always be better
Coconuts in the wintertime :-)
Rooms are very nice, had a great time at the Revolution lounge. Stay away from the deli, $20 sandwiches are so NOT worth it.
Stay away. Pricey and easy to lose money.
Beatles LOVE
!!!!!!!
Don't eat here!
Horrible wifi here. :/
Reminds me of living in the dorms in college...
Swag
Found the room w a blood-soiled pillow on the floor. Ew
Such an awesome pool!!!!!
Best entrance to any casino I've experienced so far.
Stayed here last weekend, for the very first time.....it started off pretty bad at the check-in, other than that it was pretty great! The pool was fantastic. One more thing, the complimentary shampoo, conditioner & shower gel are awesome. You can buy them at the gift shop. I'll get some next time.
Fabulous!!! The mattress was super comfy. The staff super friendly, & the mall & Walgreens right across the street, what more do u need? Lol it was great.
We love The Mirage!!
Nice room, but lots of outside noise from the Strip and hotel hallway traffic.
Very informative!
It's fine for a little bit older Vegas hotel. The rooms are old, but not bad. The price is pretty good. Love the spa.
Never get anything from the fridge they will charge you they charged us because we took something out ($500)
Bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in. Downside: iPod dock was broke and they charge a $25 resort fee for every night you stay
Spent some, mAde a lot more. I'm calling it quits
Do I really need a flat screen the bathroom (He'll Yea I Do)
If you want to hold your window open, us the guest services directory. It's the perfect size.
No bottle opener? If you take out a drawer and hold it face to the ground, the handle pops a bottle cap off perfectly.
Yes!!!
It isn't as smokey as most Vegas hotels.
Beautiful!!!!!!!
So far so good!
Would not accept my M Life players card at a $10 table unless I bet $25 per hand. This has NEVER happened at any casino. Will NEVER play at a MGM/Mirage property again!
Pounding bass in my room in middle of the night. No reasonable resolution offered by staff.  Second complaint in person at desk resulted in credit and room change.  Be persistent.
Great room. Not cheesy any more!
Tip checkin
Don't get lost trying to get to your room ;)
Mario is a great manager at the mirage.  We had a problem where we made a mistake with the booking dates for our suite, he made sure that we were taken care of and made the interaction more human.  Thank you Mario for help, and because of you, I will be staying at the Mirage every time I go to Las Vegas!  The staff there is amazing, and they have made me a devout client.  Mirage, please keep people like this employees at your hotel.  Thank you so much for a great weekend! (June 21-24)
Good to be back! You can never go wrong in the Mirage. Always a great place to stay when in Vegas :)
Don't forget to tip the staff who gives you good service...it all comes back if you know what i mean.
Must see the Boys II Men show
Slow internet. Too much construction
You better hope that there are no billing problems. I had three people working on my account and it's still taking forever
Well they are located in the strip whixh is big ++  Good room and I took the premier view which is worth   It's just been few hr in let's see how it goes , will be staying for 4 nights
Business
Nice and clean!!! They have CPK
Valet is free just tip
The pool party not so much fun. We left when we saw the size of the pool.
Absinthe amazing show, not for the uptight though!!
Great cocktails
Not bad not Amazing either... Very basic hotel. Crowd is......
Das Buffet im Cravings bietet auch all you can drink mit Wein und Bier.
Here for the Boyz 11 Men's concert.

Love the ambiance at this hotel and the suite is absolutely very inviting.
The room always has a unique clean scent.
The free wifi is not the greatest. A front desk representative mentioned that their internet is currently undergoing an upgrade.
Lobby Bar at Aria offers a great place to stop and grab a snack. It's a prime people-watching spot that now serves fresh-baked scones and tea sandwiches during the day, and country ham cheddar biscuits throughout the night.
Love that unique smell to Vdara.
Very good hotel for families and large groups. The rooms are very spacious, modern and beautiful. Definitely recommend the two story loft and deluxe rooms.
If available, ask upon check-in for a high floor room. All suites have a washer and dryer included in the room (except for the deluxe room). Ask housekeeping for the soap and dryer sheets.   Also, rooms that include a larger fridge as an amenity have an ice maker and filtered water. Definitely a plus and saves the hassle of buying water and making a trek to go get ice. Such a convenient feature.
Wi-Fi is not the best in any corner room, it appears the service is slower when at the end of the Vdara building.
Check your room bill for accuracy...
Had a lovely stay at the Mirage. Fun Times!
Gorgeous Chic and Hip Hotel and Casino on the Strip! Only Sexy Winners Here! ;-)
Clean & comfortable rooms. Join their mailing list for discounted rates via email! They are pretty much sent weekly.
Pool tip - 2 strawberry daiquiris cost $32.50. That's Vegas for ya!
Clean and neat hotel
Clean rooms.  Love the pillow.
BLT Burger is a must try burger joint
They finally improved its wifi here!! Huge improvement! 3Mbps with option to pay $9.99 a day for 5Mbps.
Fitness center closes at 7:00
I adore the rooms, decor, staff. Wish I could afford to live here, it's luxurious!
Don't come here. EVER.
If you can get a room facing the volcano it's neat to see it erupt right outside your room.
Tower rooms are neat with huge bathroom, double sink, jacuzzi tub, glass shower, and private elevators. Those are the only differences between tower and regular room. Regular rooms great too.
The lux tower is amazing. We had a high floor corner room with a view of the stratosphere and it was great. The chaise lounge is really cool and all the decor is fun. The bed is super comfy.
Kocaman, ok kalabalk, ok janjanl, ok kl tm vegas gibi.
Ask them to make sure  the shower isn't clogged. It
Can you see the excitement in my beautiful brown eyes? Ha. Ha.  #boysIImen #themiragehotelandcasino #terryfatortheater #thankyoureggie #blessedbeyondbelief
...and on the keyboards...  #magicfingers #boysIImen #heswiththeband #noautographsplease
No locks for bathroom
No more Grey Goose unless you play $100 a hand minimum
Best view of the Volcano Show is across the street on the patio at Denny's!
Fantastic experience, great room for a great promotional price! Excited to return
Order the fried pickles at BLT burger! Cheaper than other eateries inside hotel and great staff!
Should have stayed at the Venetian.
Check out the volcano show!!! One of the coolest FREE SHOWS on the strip.
Expect rude checking in experience if you book with Expedia or hotels.com
Do not remove anything from the mini bar fridge to make room for any food you purchased outside the hotel. You will automatically be charged for those items. They don't tell you that when you check in.
Tired of being taken  advantage of !
Great place. Clean rooms with a lot of space, easy access parking, and plenty of good places to eat in the facilities.  A bit pricy
Extremely unpleasant and unprofessional stuff. Never ever again!!!
Check out the Walgreens for necessities.
HR... I'm all Crapped out..
If you are under 65, don't come here.
Great place if you're in Vegas to work the LVCC, like for CES. Not great if you're on vacation.
Check in!
Chirashi at Mozen is one of the best!
Room service is truly the best - like eating at the restaurant. Food is always delicious.
Perfection like always. Best staffed hospitality property on the strip (and maybe anywhere).
Helpful concierge staff.
Very nice rooms.
The mojitos are so delicious. Order it by the crap tables.
The Octavius tower has beautiful rooms. Love the comfortable beds. Very happy here.
DO NOT go on the old elevators. Very scary, got stuck and it dropped some..after two minutes of panic the door finally opened..this wasn't the first time this has happened.....
Love this Casino! Great place to be at. Tim at the sports books is wonderful and helpful!
Free breakfast with Carbon's golden waffles - and berry jams
Just visiting...
Timeshare speech for free tickets!!!
Two bedroom suite is sweet!!!
Town car picked us up. Gorgeous suite, then dinner and dancing. Not a bad way to celebrate the second new job in one month.
Reviews complain about slow elevators but these are some of the fastest ive ever used.
Hotel guests get 40% off the Ka show. Highly reccomended.
You can reach both the west wing and the other wings from the same main elevators.
Avoid the west wing!  Run down rooms and really far from the elevators.
Giant Casino
Only two options for dining at 5am! Wolfgang or mcdonalds!
West Wing rooms are ultra small.
West Wing is super modern and pretty nice, but has no views.
Solid free wifi as part of resort fee, sketchy dude tried to sell us weed in one of the downstairs bars at 6pm Monday. Awesome place!
Towels are linty!
KA!!!
The elevators get backed up at night. Prepare for a bit of a wait.
MGM suite... And XS tonight... Happy NYE... Hope everyone is ringing in 2011 with their loves like I am! XO
Bungalow suites don't have iPod docks :(
It wasnt in the plans.....but I'm here now...time to party
At the pool..  nice
Halla
Sooo hungry... Captain Morgan for breakfast!
Finally....
Good times :)
This place is sooooo sexy!
Nice breakfast
The short rib and poached egg breakfast is melt in your mouth tender.
Cool place
Loving this hotel. Amazing service.
Here to watch KA Show wit the family! =)
Yes, made it safe to our 4th/final destination! Vegas again, babay! Our hm for the next 3 days! This hotel is fabulous! =D
Junior pickin us up to go shopping.. :)
Check in time!!!
Cardio Room!
Bachlor party!!!!
Meandering river is awesome, great pool party!!
CSI:The Experience is pretty cool!
Turn onto rio w/e to get to their valet parking!
Give time for check in it'll take at the least about 15min if you're lucky
Check in at the airport in baggage claim!
Great for an affordable and relaxing family vacation.
Lions!!!
I love this place!
Worst registration process ever!
Stalking kpop idols
Cheeeeooow!
Ask for one of their newly remodeled rooms.
Cirque du Soleil- Ka
Yaaaay cheap room
Vegas baby!!!! #teamdoubletrouble
Black jack
Viva Las Vegas?
It's all about Wet Republic!!
They don't have the lion exhibit anymore...boo on that!
What is the mgm anymore without its lions now they have put translucent cover over the entire lion habitat.  How retarded! !
Oops wrong place
Back for ka
So that's what takes her so long she its behind because she had to check in
Shutte detour
A three hour tour, how the hell did I get conned into this, oh yeah promise of free coupons to other stuff to do in Vegas.
Really
Save your money...room is tacky/out of date, towels have 6" holes in them, and ironing board needs ironing before you can iron your cloths.
Champagne party in the Celebrity Suite!
Checking out!
Complimentary champagne and desserts!
Champagne jacuzzi party
Billboard music awards done! No Beiber sighting
VIP status! Thanks KOIT!
Newly renovated rooms.. Better than my last visit
Renovating the casino floor too
KA time
Vegas baby but sleep first we are wiped out
The have so many pools, everyone has a chair at all times of the day!
Its easy to get lost in here and wander for hours!
Time to play dice.
Mmmm, hotel brekky!
DON'T let them put u in the west wing!
One more night to chillax!!!
New & remodeled rooms.
So we meet again....
....
....
Our stay here was great. The room was spacious and comfy, customer service was awesome. My kids loved the pools and lazy river.
Lions Share will be mine!
Vanilla is in the air
Not my style
Joel Robuchon Restaurant !
Yup
Go to wet republic
Remodeled suites look very sharp!
Shaklee Conference 2012......woot! Woot!
Came up on Craps!
At least 250$ a night and they nickel and dime you and a coke is 3$ at the 15$ black jack tables. Not very impressed. Although, some of the staff is nice. Located in a great place.
Conference center is an icebox!   Bring a sweater
Ate at project pie pizzeria on the underground level. It was delicious. Especially the BBQ chicken pizza. Fresh good quality ingredients. And it was fast great service. Reasonable prices and casual setting.
I love this place, especially the pools!
Cardio room is small. Needs better ventilation. Packed in the mornings.
Elevators don't work and rooms look cheap.
The bathroom in the one bedroom suite is bigger then my bedroom at home. Great rooms. :D
Vegas baby!!!
Vegas!
Find out how to avoid check in line
If you need Internet access don't stay here until after Jan '13 (this according to the IT guy who had trouble connecting on HIS OWN LAPTOP just to view our trouble ticket)
Remodeled King suite main tower is spacious and beautiful
Most attentive and plentiful cocktail waitresses in Vegas
The check in was a bit long but the service has been wonderful so far... My tv acted up and they can to fix it immediately .. Called the front desk to ask question and they were super friendly
Flavored water while you wait to check in :)
No more live tigers :(
Some upgraded rooms. Recommend todo so. Big hotel ask for something next to elevators.
Valet is rude and very slow!
Last day here.. How will I ever live without this place..
Loved this hotel especially the casino and hotel room
Get the Staywell Suite.
friendly and helpful cocktail waitresses..and i just won $111 off of $10 on Wheel of Fortune. love it.
arbonne is awesome!!!  Florida Georgia Line. rocking the house for Arbonne!   we are headed for 30% growth.  wow!!!
wonder location. close to everything I needed. I was here on business and was close enough to princess Margaret to walk in about 10 minutes.  close to excellent vegan food.  parking lot is slim on space but hey I am a visitor.  close to great shopping I loved my stay
The front desk staff vary in their skill and flexibility. If you don't feel like you are being understood, ask for a manager or get back in line to try again.
This is an elegant property with nice rooms. The pool area is great and well managed. The lazy river is great for visiting with friends while staying cool.
This hotel does not get my vote.  Front desk manager was totally not customer service oriented.  Completely dismissed me and my issues.  Basically told me tough.  I found rooms on their site for &100 a night less and I had hoped They would at least offer something.  2 rooms 3 nights it was almost $600 less.
ufc 160
Early check in fee is $20.00. Vegas will get their $$$ from you one way or the other.
Staff here are nice and friendly..people stop to help you if you look lost and say hi in hallways
Do NOT use the luggage check-in option at the bellhop desk. With five hours lead time, our bags still missed our flight.  Terrible way to end a vacation.
Great place... Nice pools for the kids.. Service is good... Clean rooms... Casino is ok.
This place is massive. Seems very classy so far
Beautiful space
We have always enjoyed the MGM but this time I was in shock that there were women hustling men and pimps on the casino floor it was so Obvious it was disgusting my advice aware of who is around you and be careful I told security  about it his responses was its vegas there everywhere
Horrendous valet and check in lines. Room service ranges $10-$65 (worth it). $50.00 restocking fee for using fridge. Amazingly comfy bed and view of strip from 23rd floor
Turn on the TV bathroom in the studio suite, or else everyone in the room will hear you poop, seriously.
"Guaranteed" early check-in is a joke! We opted for the $20 early check-in fee, only for them to say the room wasn't available! smh
Enjoying a Sangria Rita with the Birthday Boy!
Enjoy Happy Hour patron reception from. 5:30-7:30.
The Buffet is fantastic!
We love this hotel and stay often.
Make SURE they don't put you in the South Tower unless you want a trash can for a view. You also feel like you are underground. Not my idea of Vegas! This is a maintenance tower w a strange & shady entrance. You can even take the elevator to the basement where service stuff was. It was my first impression of MGM and it wasn't good. However, their customer service gets an A+. They were very accommodating and moved us to the Grand Tower where the entrance is beautiful and we have a decent view now
Don't stay in room 5-140. Sewage smell comes out of upgraded spa tub, sink leaks straight onto your feet, trash and 18 wheelers loading/unloading all night and day and TV doesn't work at all. Be warned that room is cursed.
The most offensive smelling hotel ever.  It's like a French whore built a hotel.  Made me sick just being in there.  We left and smelled like French whores...  No offense to the French, or whores, both of which I respect more than this hotel.
Lion in the lobby? Love it!
Stay in a tower suite, reasonable price, great view and spacious. Also, has a sofa sleeper
They pump some kind of scent into the casino and it's wonderful!
Faded fadddded fadded my nigga I'm faded
Good service all around. I really enjoyed my time there
For KA show
Asked for a room near the elevator and got one on the 1st floor overlooking the back parking lot with trash cans.... freaking ayye
The staff will hang up on you on purpose on busy weekends, so it is best to just go the front desk. I actually heard an MLife desk employee say when calling the front for us "Hello Justin this is Mark at MLife desk don't hang up on me" as fast as he could. So save yourself the frustration.
Cab from the airport should cost $14.... Not $20.
They have gogo dancer pits in the middle of the week, and single deck blackjack to boot!
I like the cats:) ....
Nm
Nice spot
At the sports book
Great hotel with many excellent restaurants, night clubs, pools, and shops.
Try Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill. The calamari is delicious.
Gambling here was stuffy at best...
I got $200 cash stolen from my wallet yippee!
Even the fast-food is double the price, except McDonalds in the food court, mysteriously! Nice atmosphere, kinda trendy.
Twerk Miley
There are better hotels. What's up with the staff? The ONLY time we got happy service was during checkout. Its like saying thank gawd your leaving.
Go to Gilly's! It's fun with line dancing, bull riding, and the guys will like the pretty cowgirls.
The hotel is nice but the staff is terrible!
Nice place clean 1G internet free
They won't let you bring your own tubes for the lazy river :(
10-508 suit. The MOST uncomfortable bathroom/WC that I've ever seen!! The "view" is disappointing too. Don't take it.
Just throw a hundo on black baby
Beautiful place!  Suites are very nice.
I'm back at my second home. The lazy river goes hard.  The restaurants and bars are on point and the craps tables ROCK!!
Get the lobster bisque at craftsteak! Best ever!!
Cheap place to stay but you get what you pay for. They accidentally gave away my room to someone else after I left my laptop and camera in the room. Horrible service, long lines for check-in/issues, huge number of rooms and long walks to everywhere. I'm about a 20 minute walk from my car which is in the parking garage.
Love this place the grand rooms ate great
Check in line just got real at 2:00 pm
If you are a MLife VIP member bypass the long check in line and go to VIP services. Save a two hour wait on a busy weekend.
Free Valet. VIP service immediately once you exit your vehicle. Steps to concierge and the elevators to your room.
:)
Bed bug bites.. Horrible customer service!! Spend your money and time else where!!
This is a great family hotel.
They definitely did not strive to satisfy me.
Come to this place with time to spare, this people do not care If you have reservations and if the guess sign in system is done you are doomed !  Good luck getting in.
The cheap rooms suck.
Wow. Check in is very inefficient here. Plan for that
Nice hotel.
Lazy river is awesome.
Great location! But out dated rooms.
Stay away to much construction
Super long wait for check in on a not busy weekday, I'd hate to see weekends
No smoke smell
The wifi here sucks so hard. I'm trying to get some work done and it keeps dropping off intermittently.
The staff is rude.    Amenities dated.     Much Better options available.
Just spent 5 days at the MGM for my sons wedding! We had an awesome time
Just went here to play slots.. thats all..
Breakfast at Griddle Cafe, not bad.. i love sweeta so i ordered their Nouisella, its so good..
Hanging out in their casino lounge..
WIFI : 3M for 48 hours......need to pay 49.99 for 5M for 48 hours!! If you have 4g LTE, then just forget the "free" wifi from MGM!
I love the west wing rooms, very clean and modern.
Bad engineering service.  You'll be checked out before they fix anything.
This is such a beautiful hotel and casino.
Great bang for the buck! I've stayed here several times. No complaints.
now THIS is the happiest place on earth!
Bank Of America debit card holders-- go down the street to m&ms store and go to the 4th floor in the corner there is a BofA ATM. No more fees. Only one I've seen on strip!
Wifi is stupid fast.
My stay here was amazing! The check in lady was so sweet. Definitely coming back!
The "wifi" here is complete trash.
Book through Hotel Tonight app and get $25 off with promo code TLAU27. Did this multiple times to several mgm properties. Whoo!
Be prepared for disorganized chaos. Clearly a poorly run hotel.
Pay close attention to your bill. Charges for mini bar on our bill when we didn't even open the mini bar. Getting the runaround from the front desk trying to get them removed.
If you want a clean room stay elsewhere
Bad service!!! Almost everyone had an attitude. Not a happy camper.
Room was worth the $50 a night we paid. The gambling was terrible this weekend.
First time here and loving it!
Free guest WiFi is now limited to approx. 1mbps for 1 hour... sucks because other hotels like The Venetian/Palazzo have high-speed Internet for free with no limits!
Fast check -in ..Stayed 3 nights..Had a great time ..nice restaurants..nice rooms.
Frozen Fury AND Route 91 Harvest Fest are this weekend! Expected this general area to be packed!! \(^_^)/ Country Music and my LA Kings!
If you have the option to stay in the Sky Suite, DO IT! The views...you won't regret it!
The executive queen suite doesn't have a fridge or microwave :(
Great place but please clean the casino bathrooms on a regular lol
The parties aren't free for guests but if you're a girl it's pretty easy to get in
Had a fantastic 2 days! Highly recommend staying at MGM Grand
Wait too long to check in and to check out at visa signature desk
Save your self the pain and find a different
Sign up for the MLife membership. The benefits proved to be amazing and beneficial!!!  The staff at the Players MLife desk was horrible for the time we were there EXCEPT for Deborah or Brenda I tried to remember her name. Her face I will never forget. She made us feel very appreciated and as a Gold member we needed that. If it wasn't for her I would never consider this hotel again. Her kindness and character made up for her coworkers lack of customer appreciation and horrible service.
Very fun and entertaining
Stay at the Delano it includes breakfast !
Best smelling casino on the strip!
fruit fly in my cup of henessy !!! thank you room service !
Chips were stolen from my room.
Don't even waste your time this place is garbage
Wear comfortable shoes and expect to wait over an hour for you to get to the front of the line to check in....  Omg I waited so long only to find out in staying at the Signature MGM
Staff care but management don't. If you enjoy waiting forever to checkin, have someone answer the phone or get you broken room key re-encoded then this is the hotel for you
Don't f-ing come to MGM
Good price Nice view  Clean room
REALLY!!!???!!! ParkingFees !!! Done with Vegas
Should have went else where. No black out currents and the darn AC doesn't work it is so hot in our room :(
Resort fees add up, fridge and microwave are lacking in the rooms!
Huge casino very nice!
Waited 45 minutes to check in. Unacceptable.
Do not support them, only company in Vegas charging for parking.  Stay at a Ceasars property or Wynn
Management look at all these bad reviews because of your rediculous parking fee! 10$ is the price of your reputation?
All MGM hotels are now charging for parking.  It's idiotic.
Get an MLife membership for room discounts
Jillian rocks she made it worth the 2 hour wait to check in
Over 2 hours to check in on a Sunday afternoon. Unacceptable!
Worst hotel keys on the planet. Don't let them touch anything in your pockets or your phone. Perhaps just carry them beautifully placed upright in your hands around Vegas all day. Maybe that will do the trick.
Seriously NASTY place. Was greeted with a ball of hair and used Q-tip in our bathroom. Will NEVER stay here again!
Best pool on the strip. Excellent customer service. Safe hotel
No 8am yoga at the pool as advertised on the website?! :(
30 minutes later and still waiting to get out of the parking garage
When I was younger, I used to be super impressed with the ambiance and decor of MGM. Years later (when buckets were still offered for coins), I now feel the opposite.
Don't use the mobile check in. Epic fail.
It's good
Self parking $10 for whole day
Don't pay to stay in the west wing
$80/night can't be beat. Right on the strip connected to the cosmopolitan!
You can walk through the mini mart to go to elevators to Cosmopolitan
Don't buy a timeshare here. I regret mine LOL haha!
This is the only tip u need, DO NOT STAY HERE regardless of location.
Not bad if you like to be able to cook some of your meals on a long stay in Vegas
No better place to follow March Madness!
I'm here!! I love it everyone is so nice!
Family, friends, and muay thai fights in Primm tomorrow!
UBER TIP: Call Uber before you walk out of the building and into the parking garage, or it thinks you're in Planet Hollywood instead of Elara!
Wish the pool stayed open late!
Check hotel balance when checking out and make sure the fees which are included in the resort fee have been waived.
Go to the restaurant by the pool. It's great!
Cabana at the pool!
Day 2 at the cabana.
Nice hotel in downtown in good location. Wifi in rooms works well.
Wonderful customer service throughout this hotel. Great location. Walking distance to crescent and prince Arthur streets.
This is a clean hotel, but no bathroom ventilations or refrigerator. Go across the street to the Panda Express,  McD's, and Chipolte's.
Dude on my table looks and acts John Juanda. Funny how his name is Don.
Vegasssssss!!!
Beware eating at KAHUNAVILLE my friend bit in to his sandwich and pulled a hair out. Even though comp. the food is overpriced and not tasty.
Love TI!
Wooooo Vegas baby!
Drunk 12am - 12pm
ufc fight son!!!!
The hotel isn't too bad. Their mini suite is too small though!
Buffet time!!
Don't stay here with children. Not child friendly.
Avoid sidewalks during Sirens of TI show. Very crowded and people blocking sidewalks.
Checking in was long, but if you need kinks to work out don't you want the front desk to take their time with you? They did. Thank you!
Had an amazing time! If you know how to talk to people, you can easily just say no to the people asking you to check out the resort. I had no problems with them. If anything, it was another reason to smile.
Suite SWEET!
Wooooohooooo!
No refrigerators in the room :/
The fun begins now!
Thinkin about you J!!
Checking in :)
Wasn't happy with the check in line after traveling all day. Room was basic, but bed was comfy.
Finishing up a stay here. Far superior rooms to equally priced hotels anywhere!
The line to check in is about 150 people deep.
Got assed out of teppan grill but enjoyed intimate dinner with my sweet bebe
Awesome beds!
Old school, confusing casino, but it has hash house
Sign up for the MyTI guestbook membership for good deals.
Siren's show
Can't check in til 11 AM.  Screw this crappy hotel.
The suite has 2 huge bathrooms!
Vegas, round two
Vegas, round one
Clean rooms, prompt made service
No free wifi!!!! D:
There is seriously a wet brown stain on the bedspread.  Gross.
Rooms aren't too shabby since they remodeled
Smells like coconut everywhere
Picking up Mystere tickets!
Mama's gambling!
Hi Vegas!!
Umm..the smell when you walk in is amazing! Knew non-casino hotel was the way to go!
Willie Nelson was gambling here today.  Too bad he was constantly being hounded by jack*ss drunk frat dudes.  Vegas is love and hate...
Longest check in lines I have ever encountered at any hotel, get ther early or really late
Grub time!
Nice rooms. Low buy in poker tournaments all day. 2-3 tables usually.
Pool is sooooo much fun. Plus you can get food and drinks at kahunaville and take it in. DJ is awesome.
Pool...
Hello Vegas!!!! :))))
If your paying more than $70/night your paying too much.
Mention it's your birthday/anniversary and they'll send a bottle of champagne to your room. Or a bottle of apple cider for us big kids.
Long long long long line to check in. Oh and the line to check in is long.
Pretty decent!
Such a dirty hotel. Bad experience for sure. Stains on the sheets and filthy furniture
Nice place!
Delightfully tacky and wonderfully cheesy.    Just get me a nice room!
Smoky :/
Long line Saturday afternoon
Rooms~Beds are great. The Buffet is Horrible. Walk to Wynn or Caesar's to eat. Gamble here at your own risk, not many winners. They argued over a email deal I was sent. Very understandable email. They gave me half the deal~Not good enough~my last visit here!!
Hotel is nice but the coffee house is awful. Rude service by server I think her name is Lucy. Ordered a quesadilla and the cheese wasn't even melted told her and she acted like it was my fault. Didn't even offer us something else and management didn't even apolpgize
Great place to stay but not to eat. Worst buffet ever!
Open 24 hours - good breakfast options!
It may be ghetto, and the games do break, but drinks are quicker than most!
For the love of Christ, where's my drink?
Check in lady was rude. First room was not clean walked back down. Quickly assigned new room. Lets hope my stay improves.
Amazing time at the spa! Maria is the best. I don't visit Vegas without a stop to see her!
So so
Just checked in like 10 minutes ago and was helped by the most wonderful employee Scott from San Francisco .  They were out of our room requested but got upgraded to a strip view for no additional charge.  He also asked what brought us to LV and I mentioned it was my 15 year anniversary .  He gave me complimentary champagne sent to the room. Best of all he was genuinely nice and not speaking from a script.  TI hire more people like Scott and you've got my repeat service cause I love Vegas
Bad.
Love the spa and gym.  Great prices, great location
I've never had a better view of the strip. Parking was confusing, but the actual hotel has been great.
Stayed here a week and a half ago, left my swim suit, and now I'm back to pick it up. SO glad they still have it!
K
Great place lots of shopping
We are at the top level of arid penthouse 2 bedroom suit. It's crazy.
Great place. Happy, helpful staff.
Order room service and get the Pancake Stack with eggs and bacon! Expensive, but sooooo good!
Don't wait in line to check in Sign in using your mobile device to get your room no. And key
Third lane for registration
Over $200 a night and the rooms have 10 year old Phillips 32 inch tvs, this is listed as 4 star?
45 minute wait for valet
Great room for the price.
Walk around, give high fives, all that.
Avoid at ALL costs!   After my Cirque show, I made the mIstake of staying to gamble.  They literally stole money from my hands.  I will never come back to this casino....avoid at all costs
Great help (workers) lame management policies keep pool closed when nice outside .  Not coming back
Its ok.  The shows are good.
Great location and good rooms!
Room smells cigarette... Lobby area smells very strong, not nice.
Love it here!
Beach club
Very nice and clean hotel! Would definitely stay here again!
Book anywhere else! If you must go here, be prepared to DEMAND the non-smoking room you ordered. Even if you have asthma, you will not get it the first night but maybe the day after. They do NOT care!!!
Bring your own water a alcohol cuz it's not cheap at this hotel.
Better places to stay for the same money in Vegas. A small savings in not worth it.
Class class classic. Awesome hotel. . My opinion best for your buck
Great hotel stayed 2 nights wonderful time very happy with the casino and hotel.
So far the check-in lines are seriously RIDICULOUS!!!!! To be continued! !!!!!
In this day and age charging $20 a day for wifi is ridiculous.  The room is great- no frills, but spacious enough and clean.  Funky smell on the gambling floor, but The Frog is a great spot for a drink and some grub.
I'm a little bitter they no longer have the Pirates show. It's been permanently discontinued. Not one mention about that when I booked the room.
The valet here sucks ass! All of the runners have shitty attitudes! Lazy fuckers!
Great location
Don't stay here unless you want to be robbed, assaulted in your room by a crazed stranger and not helped at all by security! Cheers!
Don't bother talking to Manager Christopher Sheehan of @tivegas! After my husband and I were robbed and assaulted in our room, Sheehan threatened to call security on us because we were telling the story in front of other guests of the hotel. An inappropriate response for any manager of any establishment!
Indoor gift shop sells muscle milk protein drinks! 6$ though
Don't stay here!! There are soooo many nicer places! I was told this place is closing forever. And the attitude represents that.
Beware they charge a $25 service fee per room per night.
Keno while you eat
Located on one of the ends of the strip...kinda far from all the main stuff but right across from Venetian
Disgusting dirty rooms, employees don't care. Don't waste your time or money Moved rooms twice and still smell dirty problems No customer service stay somewhere else
Casino here is very smoky:((
Great place to stay - nice and comfortable pool area with yakusi.
The rooms are great
Vallet park-always!!!
Read my phone review about treasure it is terrible terrible terrible disrespectful they have no common courtesy the manager Dean the hostess at the restaurant Hotel been treated like this in my entire life I was so embarrassed
Trip on September 12-14. I had a great experience. No complains at all!
Cockroach running around in one suite, condom and lube wrappers in another. Don't fall for the prices. Save yourself from having a nightmare trip. Stay some place nicer where staff cares and does their job
Great food, great service
Happy Thanksgiving
Stay away!!! Disgusting hotel, smelly rooms and bad service!!!
The basic rooms don't have anything, again it is basic but the should or at least have a microwave or coffee maker.
Worst customer service in Vegas!
Beautiful room, great service, lots of great places to eat.  Decent price for Vegas.
The waitresses despite tipping them decently are among some of the worst.rude we have ever encountered. Russ at the cashier cage shone and made taking their money in winnings even sweeter.
***not a kid friendly hotel***
Make sure to have your room key out and ready to show the security when walking towards the elevator to get to your room floor.
Worst show managements after buying the ticket we have to wait
Food only fair and way over priced with poor service.
OMG, this is one of the few Strip casinos that pay a full 3:2 on Blackjack, and with $10 limits on double decks!
As of 10/25 Cosmo is like the only casino still offering 3:2 blackjack payouts on shoe games.
Great place for $5 Ultimate Holdem
Another rare Strip Casino with a shoe game with 3:2 BJ and $10 min hand
Buy the $100 for $80 at the time you check in. Good at the restaurants, bars, and Starbucks on site. All taken care of on your room charges.
If you do not gamble, purchase your alcohol (including beer) at the CVS on the first floor.
I'll never stay here again
Great Elvis impersonator. 3pm-7:15pm FREE & fun entertainment!
This has to be one of the ghettoest hotels on the strip! The line to checkin is unreasonably long and the rooms are filthy.
My favorite place to stay for Vegas on a budget. Emphasis on the budget, less so on the Vegas.
It's like the new hooters
This place is awesome
$170 for 3 nights...!!
Yup... livin large.
Why is everything broken?!
Diva's!!!
This place confused me
Tower 1!!
Winning!
Smells like Las Vegas. And by that I mean it reeks of cigarettes, puke, and booze. Viva Las Vegas!
If Walmart had a hotel this would be their hotel. Crazy ass people here. I'm glad this room is free
Surrounding area under construction! Our pool view is a construction zone.
Viiiva Las Vegas!
The hotel is getting a total makeover!
cool rooms!
good morning, vegas!
Not too bad during the week and the deluxe rooms are pretty decent.
Don't pay more than $50 a night to stay here (or $20 on weekdays) but it's fine for a cheap room in a great location!
Honey chicken was delicious and the service is attentive.
Staff are unfriendly and not helpful for crap
Penthouse!
$5 craps!
Cheap tables nice staff
I will *NEVER* stay @ IP again! Old, dirty elevators; was out of room all day; returned to NO cleaning! JOEY@ housekeeping LAUGHED & said "H.K. Has been outsourced; many problems w/them!" Referred me to Mgr. Mgr said "sorry, housekeeping not available @ night!" W T F?!?!?!?!?
Ugh. Imperial Palace is soon to close, and the place looks like it. Filthy hallways, sagging carpet, dirty elevators. My room smells like dog piss. This place is a dump. Never again!
Don't stay here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Got all our luggage stolen within two hours of our arrival DIRECTLY FROM OUR ROOM. Horrible customer service. Unsafe. Doors don't close all the way. Dirty and smoke-filled. Don't stay here!!!!!!!!!!
I'm back baby!!!
Its really nice at this establishment!!! I want to stay here next time!!
Gambling time!
Don't come here...the layout and parking is the worst to try and navigate.  Stained carpets and smoke smell is the worst I've ever been in.
If you make a reservation for something specific, don't expect that. I reserved a deluex room with king sized bed, ans got a room with two queen beds. And still paid the same for the night
don't step foot in this dump! should be shut down!!
Under construction. Rooms were dirty, doors did not close on balcony all the way, horrible maze of a place, it was like a circus trying to find our way around. Not worth the price. Only good thing is the location.
Free early check-in if you are a total rewards customer and rooms are available.
Veggggasssss
Not too excited to walk outside into the 100+ degree weather
Minimum table bets $15
P F Changs in here.
full kitchen & dining room! stay here!
The penthouse suite is the only way to go!!! Checked in and ready for a cocktail ;)
Use Web check in. Skip the long lines
Pots and pans does not cook food well.  Food gets burn easily.  Trick is cook on low heat.  Bring your own if you can.
Our last day :(
It's not Palazzo :/
We got a great deal for our grand room!  Was able to check in super early!  Great service!!!!
Pretty dated hotel...$2.00 margarita, will give it a try!
Comped rooms with Grazie!
modern chic hotel but service sucks. wrap around suite is freakin off the hook!!!
The terrace!
This hotel is like one big club.
Happppppy Birthday, Kiddo! xx!!
Come early if you want a seat close to the band. Otherwise there's a backroom too that you can still see at.
Pool side and monroe mimosa is the way to go. Its like a mimosa slushie and so refreshing!
Soo beautiful!
I loved the statues!! Photo op!!
Can walk to the strip from here! Shuttle runs every 20-30 minutes to / from Harrah's & is free.
Maps and info on the wall - touch screens
Let the party begin
One of the nicer hotels in Vegas. Awesome rooms
Long wait at check in
Star Fleet battles video slot is awesome!
Wheeee
Happy Birthday weekend, Monica
Quality time with my babe.
Another day in paradise
Fun in the sun with my love.
Elevator is Hella ghetto.
New craps machine!!
No craps machine!
Hello beautiful hotel... We meet again!
First time here with the roommates and the frat girls
Good day for a parlay
One year wedding anniversary!
This resort is awesome... I'm a big fan so far...
its always so cold in here!!
If you're going to take advantage of the kitchen, housekeeping will bring you pots and pans upon request at no charge. They will charge for things like oil and any other supplies you need.
I learned this on the first day I arrived..housekeeping will ONLY clean your room if the panel next to the front door has been pressed. It has a DO NOT DISTURB and a HOUSEKEEPING buttons. Otherwise they skip your room.
No free WiFi available anywhere in hotel including the lobby! Breakfast buffet at Cera was included with our room but buffet only runs from 7-11am. Not good for people who are up before 7!  Free self park connects through casino instead of hotel tower so you have a short walk to your car.
Home sweet home for the next 40 hours.
Not bad for the price!
Tip of the week. Slide a $20 to check in person = room upgrade!
At&t iPhone 3G really sucks here. My wife and I both have full bars but Internet speed is a crawl. Might be so suckers pay $13/day for wifi.
Free wifi
Great club sandwich served in the bar
Cool bar in the lobby. Lots of comfy chairs and cool atmosphere.
Love the automated check ins. You get printed directions to your room and it spits out you room key. Very Cool....
No mini bar?????? Lost revenue opportunity. Good thing there's an LCBO on the Corner.
Most people don't know about it but there is a fully renovated pub downstairs. Great place to go before ACC events as few people know about it. A great old school pub with friendly service. It's very much old school, so beer options are the basics.
Halff price wings monday
Best service
Good poutine with pork
Half price apps on wednesday
Do special events for cheap
Great location for Downsview park concerts... stay over night instead of driving home.
Attended Canada's CFO of year event - fantastic venue, food and service...
Great location!
Get a map so you don't walk around in Roman circles
Don't take any stuff from the snack tray for more than 60 seconds. There's a sensor, says on the little sign/tag.
This place is AMAZING! Stay here and nowhere else in Vegas.
Nice rooms!
The Octavius Tower is beautiful and luxurious :)
Clean, quiet, close to airport. Guy at the front desk gave us a good restaurant recommendation. Breakfast is served 6 am to 9 am
Room 5 in the back is very quiet, park in front of your one story room.
Room service is only from 6am - 1pm and the gym is part of the spa so it is only open 6am - 6pm.
Beautiful hotel room. Fun Fun Fun For our bachelorette weekend!
Good service.. Beautiful corner view suite on 38th floor. Amazing views of the strip.
Don't come here. Woken up at 5 am to construction noise, carpet and wallpaper is falling apart, place will maybe be ok in a year, but right now it's awful.
Great location on the strip
kind hard to parking in holidays
Be aware they are doing major construction at the front of the casino (where the lit up tunnel/escalator is) and getting to the strip is a bit of a pain.
Skip the regular food (it isn't great) and try the chocolate chip cookies, chocolate mousse with sea salt and a latte.
Check out the Iconic Images Gallery.
Make sure to stay in a suite at the HRH Tower, it's the only way. New and fab.
Beutiful property
Part of buffet tour
$15 to use the gym.  Worth it after a night of fun!
Everyone's very nice here!
I enjoy this better than palms hotel.
OMG, Sahara just won the award for the world's trashiest hotel!! Congrats, Sahara!
My residence for the next 4 days.
Dannette from Illinois is quite the charmer and chatty. Lan from Nevada does not crack a smile. But both are awesome dealers!
$1 Blackjacks!
Last stop on the strip before LA!
$0.99 Newcastles daily!!!!!!!
Not fantastic, but it's cheap!
ghetto fabulous.
Smells horrible
24 hr buffet pass $45
Aria has a distinct sweet scent.
Now THIS feels like a vacation, complete with a kitchen and kitchenware.
Very comfy place. We like!
Robyn poolside!
Otherwise KILLED IT!!!
We have owned here since the resort was built, and it looks better every time we visit!
Nice and off-strip. Tip nicely and the shuttle driver will run you to Roberto's on Pecos in the middle of the night.
So sad they're closing this place :-(
Deafnation week!
Nice staff
Mandarin bar, awesome view
Touchdown
PlAnet rock
Work
I love this resort!! Lazy river is amazing! Starbucks coffee on site. Beautiful suites and super nice staff. I wish it was closer to strip but the shuttle was free so i cant complain. Taxi was $20
$3 jger bombs? You can never go wrong.
Just remember room taxes and a surprise phone tax is charged to your room phone tax is 28 per night.
Comfortable stay to me
One night is not enough time to enjoy this much luxury. If you are going to treat yourself, don't cheat yourself.
Most of the flowers in the lobby are fake, but it smells amazing!
There's a designated area for Uber and Lyft pickups and drop offs. It's in the back near valet.
Join Total Rewards for cheapo deals on hotel rooms- it's free.
Time to sleep
Breakfast time!
Wasn't able to turn off the shower completely during the whole duration if our trip -___-
Nice to be back
Ask for an upgrade who knows you might just get lucky this time!
Nice, clean deluxe room with a great pool view!
It smells like coconut and smoke in here!
You can easily get lost!
horrible service, out of service restroom!!!
Don't stay in a room that looks out at Pure Nightclub across the street at Caesar's--club music SO LOUD.
At the pool.
We're staying here for the Gentile Wedding this weekend!! Any tips??
I'm loving this place :-)
Still Love this spot!
Please note: the pool here now is un-child friendly- they cater primarily to bros and bro-hos from the timeshare.
Cocktail waitress Carol is awesome and Alice & The Enchanted Mirror machines are way fun!
T2, S4, Dealer:Richard - Advance to 2nd round, Yeah!!!
78th place!
Go for the "go" room upgrade.
Vegas with my love!!!!! Yeaa Buddy!!!!
Do express check in
Poolside...
:)
Partying with the peeps in the pic
Nice rooms but a little hectic for kids... so don't bring them haha
Spa time....mmmmmassages :)
Free upgrades are available to remodeled rooms for $10.00 more per night
Registration is a nightmare, especially for those checking in on Friday s
Its okay
We're finally here!
First time staying here.
Comfy beds!
Take full advantage of the horrible service here, it is sure to destroy even the best of vacation plans. My tip is simple...MGM!
Predator room!!!! The hand is a nice touch
Nice hotel, rude employees!
The cabana suites are really nice! The Cortez is a bit of a dump, and there are bums out, it's downtown...party!
Complimentary airport shuttle is great!! Be sure to tip the driver!
Vegas for my boo's bday!
In line for pool. After two days of house hunting now some me time. Concert tonight. Oh how I so need this'
Rooms are great and so is the service. This is our new favorite place!
Check in time is 4 pm and check out is at 11am.  They will charge you $20 for early check in.  Internet is extra charge.  But I love their location.
Free pink rooms with a strip view!
Can't beat the price for a great location on the strip. Rooms are motel-esque, but if you prefer to spend your money on gambling, food, alcohol and shows- the flamingo is the place to stay!  Got a free upgrade to a strip view room for only $35 a night!
Nice and remodeled.
Was awoken to very loud jack hammering and construction noises at 6:30am.  No one told me there was construction going next door when I reserved the room or during check in. Don't stay in the wing facing Harrahs. Asked for my money back. Hotel only refunded $10. I'm extremely unhappy with my stay.
The worst customer service ever!  We flew in on the red eye from Hawaii, arrived at 6am and killed time till 2pm and wanted to check in so we could rest.  They wanted to charge us $40 to check in two hours early even though our room was ready for us.  I won't be spending one cent in their casino.
Go between the months of April and May.  Less crowds as the summer months and not as cold as the winter months. The habitat behind the resort looks amazing too.
I love the smell of the casino.  Now when I smell vanilla it takes me back to Flamingos.
Don't be afraid to ask questions.
The buffet is great!
Stay somewhere else, like home, and spare yourself the trouble and the $$$.
Great rates and the remodeled rooms look awesome!
Happy birthday dad !! Got a deal from HotelTonight!
Hazeee!
Amazing buffet !
They have the best keno lounge on strip! Super comfy high back chairs.
Join Total Rewards for food deals and early check in...among other perks.
In all the years of staying here the service here has plummeted.  First no valet available and no requested bed then no communication from the bell desk either...F this place!!! This is the last time I will stay here.  Inconvenienced from the moment we got here.
The pool is amazing!!!
Bar
Ridiculous service great dive bar  stupid service and great bar food be prepared to be treated like poop
I will NOT stay here again!
Got a comped deluxe fab room. TV in bathroom wall, flat screen HDTV, DVD/stereo system, wall controlled window curtains, etc. Pretty awesome view of the strip as well from my room.
Don't stay here!! Book somewhere else!! Please save yourself!!
Love love love the pink and black theme!!
Great location and GO ROOMS were amazing! Pool area was gorgeous but go early! People line up for the free chairs or do what we did and reserve a daybed, seats 6 people and get drinks in price too! Ask for upgrade specials! For only $30 more we got a upgrade and it overlooked the strip! Could see the bellagio water fountains all night! But beware of the elevators! They take forever!!! We got stuck in one almost made it late to the wedding! Eek! And don't waste money on the X Burlesque!
Use the express check-in kiosks - it went much faster than waiting on the front desk!
Horrible parking by the worst in Vegas.  Too many empty parking spots for valet.
11/09-11/10/13 was a bad experience on this trip.  When I called i asked for Wi Fi and the answer was YES.  All weekend long i was unable to get connected.   When i called Saturday front desk told me try it in an hr. As time went by front desk told me won't be repaired till Sunday.   Come Sunday again was told same stories.   Fell behind on my work because of this hotel.
Refreshed!
We have enjoyed our stay here at the flamingo
Great bird habitat
Not a terrible place but parking is horrible!
The parking structure has the worst possible design! And what's up with all those reserved spots?!
Get the "go room" it's very nice.
Skip the lunch buffet...
Definitely pay the extra for a Go Room! It's well worth the extra $$
Avoid this place. Resort fee is laughable. Buffet was horrible . valet attendants lost our car. Waited over an hour while they used other people's cars to hunt. Nice huh. Ever put me in someone's car to look. What a total disregard for security.
Turnup!
Horrible customer service!!! Please don't waste your money.
Customer Service is horrible especially the manager Ricardo. He does not care if your room has no hot water!
Get a Total Rewards card to bypass the early check-in fee!!
Franchement rapport qualit/prix/emplacement top ! Et la pool party est top
Room is awesome!!!!!
Hanging by the pool
Family Friendly Pools
Hope security doesn't come for me here.
Sign up for the total rewards card. Gets you an early check in and special discounts with multiple casinos.
Did not like parking lot or check in the  casino is nice the pool really nice and they have a great location
Sucks
The hotel fees will cost more than your entire stay. Told me it was a $150 charge and it was actually $217!!! Never staying here again.
Instead of waiting in the check in line(sometimes it wraps around the lobby floor), do the on-line self check in. You can choose to receive an email/text when your room is ready then pick up your key at the mail/key line right next to the long check in line. Saves you lots of time!
They have the best garlic Parmesan fries!! And the employees are awesome.
Love this casino, too much fun, great customer service.
Make sure to ask front desk to put you in a renovated room. Do not settle for anything else. The other rooms are old dingy and full of bed bugs! Check your bed and sheets if you plan to stay at the flamingo.
Book via Vegas.com for really good deals. I've yet to find another site that beats their pricing.
Never stay here!
Make sure to look at the little coupon book in your rooms, has a lot of great deals (for example 50% off Paris tower). Also get the one at the tram station.
If you value quiet, DO NOT STAY HERE! The music is so insanely loud at the Mexican restaurant behind the rooms on the 'Off the Strip' that it sounds like a mariachi band is playing in your room until 5am.
Pools not as cool as it looks
The elevators are so painfully slow it could ruin your whole stay
Rude customer service
there service is very bad for checking in,  i will not ever come back here, again
Avoid.
First room wasn't clean second one still dirty
The table games employee Apollo  was very rude did not like the service
Parking lot was crazy! The Flamingo shares their parking lot with Hertz rent a car. But of course Hertz has all of the spaces closest to the elevators. Employees constantly bugging you while ur walking the lobby. Oh I think it wax elevator #35 stopped on every floor on the way down.
Stop complaining about a long wait to check in. Anywhere you go it takes about 45 mins people lets be real! Would you all like some cheese with that wine?!!!'
First night here and saw a roach on the wall. Absolutely disgusting!
Check in at this hotel is a joke.
Great location, nice staff, updated rooms. Loved the Flamingo.
Really needs improvement   We ran out of power 2 nights out of 3 in Bathroom.   Safe not working. We were charges 30$ to get our room 3 hours earlier + 30 $ per night as extra resort fees... Whithout notice..what shame Flamingo.  Room really shows effects of age and time ....  Definitely NOT a repeat
Too Old   , rooms needs Real improvement
Fun and chill.
I won a thousand bucks here!!!! Wooohooo
DO NOT BOOK at this pathetic place.
Avoid the lines: For faster check out you can use your tv and check out in under 2 minutes
Check out their fresh squeezed juice bar!
You absolutely need to bring your ID to the adult pool, even if you look 105 years old...No exceptions for entry. Also, you cannot bring any food or drinks to the pool area....Security does bag check...regardless of what the front desk staff or hotel operators tell you.
Stay in a GO room and you won't regret it. They're very nice.
stay anywhere else
Really convenient location. You're walking distance to pretty much everything worth going to. You also get free admission to their pool party. One of the more reasonably priced hotels in the area.
Be aware of there elevators! Only had 3 out of 6 working the first night to only 1 the following morning! Ridiculous!!
Gave them another chance and the experience is still so bad. Will not be coming back. No internet connection even though they said there is. Rooms are old and dirty. Water leaking in the bathtub all day and night. Some staff has no idea what they're doing. I had a few questions and they told me to go to another dept desk. When I went there they told me to come back to the first dept I went to. I went Back and forth 4 times. 2 strikes you're out. Not coming back here ever again!
Loved it and the pool was so much fun!!!
I'm a local and I love bringing guests to check out the flamingos, birds, turtles, and fish! You wouldn't expect to see flamingos in the middle of the strip, so I love to bring friends and family here to show them off!!
Dirty bathtubs and towels. Just gross
This place is going downhill!!
This is the worst hotel room every, very noisy AC unit !
It was nice stay here. Room was clean. Hotel lobby was clean and       food were nice in To Go restaurant. We enjoyed our stay.
There are girls dancing on bars here. Go Vegas!
Love the place. They have a lot of cool animals and such recommended here (:
Come see the Bodies Exhibition!
Ridiculously slow check in...
Avoid people near entrance trying to get people to sign up for stuff. Rude and annoying.
Viva las vegas!
Stinky sheets!
Here with Saratini! Vegas, baby!
Wedding photography session
Eatin burgers and salad before exploring the fruit loop
Great pool great hotel ...almost time to leave :-(
Weekday prices: Pool side chairs w/umbrella $25, day bed w/2 chairs $75 and cabanna $75.
Resort fee is $16.80 a day.
Eat breakfast & receive a coupon for 2-4-1 breakfast entrees the next morning.
Swimming amidst pyramids feels weird.
Vegas, baby!
Let the party begin...
PoolTime lpl
Haha Buffett
Valet park @ NO COST!
don't stay here without reading reviews!! problems with leaving food trays outside of rooms for more than 24 hours....gross!
Saville Row...Diamond Cake Event!
Another beautiful bride today!
Its bridal season!!! Working on my beautiful bride Lanni.
Rita we are at luxor. Get the twins over here.
Don't drink a lot and ride the elevators in the pyramid!
4th time in Las Vegas!!!
Dinner, drinks and dancing! Mahi mahi is AWESOME
The place looks like a fucking pyramid!!
Living in a pyramid room can be a trip and quite spacey!
Nice party,party....PARTY!!!!!
Walked up to the counter where it says check in and was greeted with can I help you with something?
Party just getting started!
Never staying here again. Loud, dirty and far from everything
The black-out drapes here are a joke :(
Worst...checkin....ever
Terrible hotel ever! never staying here again! it smelled disgusting. Rude employees
Best breakfast buffet in Vegas...
Dark and depressing
Not bad for the price but expected more.
This place takes FOREVER!! Ordered an hour ago and still waiting.
www.staticandbass.com
Whoooo Vegas Baby!!!
Check your bags with baggage claim as soon as you pull up. Check in could take up to an hour, depending on when you get here.
No wifi! What is my $100 in resort fees paying for!
Worst hotel on the strip
Nice pool... Definitely more of a family atmosphere.  Stayed in the new addition, nice room BUT the elevator is soo out of the way, its like a maze.
Poker!! Cause Craps and War will take your money!!!
Carrot Top show was hilarious!!!
watching a show -- heeheehee! ;-)
No 24hr dining. The hotel itself sucked. Elevators didn't work right, we had to split our party up on 3 floors and the jacuzzi tub didn't work.!
Shitty ass service from staff.. Having an emergency and to be given the run around is not fun when u have 1 night to enjoy and they can't help out the situation. Without giving much detail, I can honestly say that this is the worst customer service I have experience.
Bed bugs!  No bueno.
Nice place but what's with the $20 resort fee at check in when I bought my room from Vegas.com????
The toilets are crazy loud
$9 for a toasted bagel. You can't beat that!
Stay away from room 3015/ 4015/ 5015 unless you like club music / bass all night.
Pretty nice in here! Small Casino but lie the architecture of the building.
Buffet is below par! If you can, avoid it!
First time staying at Luxor & I'm impressed! :)
Luxor is a great hotel with awesome customer service!!
After parking have somebody wait for you by the sports book with your luggage. This will save you the hassle of walking to check in then back to the rooms.
Don't come here.  I called ahead and asked the desk clerk if I could use my corporate card to book a reservation and if it was ok to NOT have to have the card present at it's my CEO's.  She asked a manager and the manager told her yes.  I arrive and guess what?  Yep I damn near got stranded.
West wing is nice and quiet
40th floor suite :)
First time at this hotel and it won't be my last.
If youre looking for a hotel that clean and not overpriced, this would be a good choice if youre just looking for a sanitary room to crash in
If your room is robbed they will do nothing. Apparently it happens all the time and they don't care.
This is the second time we have stayed here. May catch cris Angel   Magic show. Then again..
It's affordable and the Jabbawockeez are there so definitely the place to stay!
edc baby!
Dump!!!'
Wrap around suite!!
Party til the wheels fall off!
Look cool and make an entrance when you arrive. #CoolHair
Was somewhat nervous checking in after hearing all the poor reviews.  We normally stay at MGM but received free rooms and decided to take advantage of the Luxor promotion.  Walked in our room on West Tower the air conditioner was on high (thank goodness because temp was 108).  We were lucky that pur room was nice! I read the  poor reviews about the food and I did not eat there because I was not going to gamble with my health. So we ate a the Wynn Buffett and MGM!  All reviews were helpful!
It's aiit
Check in took over 20 minutes, and despite checking in at 7 pm, our Priceline reservation hadn't " gone through" so we had to go through the paperwork-laden process of a walk-in reservation and have to fix the discrepancy ourselves. Read: very poor customer service!!!
On par with a Motel 6 experience, with the addition of a kitchenette. Gotta go ask for dishes, plates, and cookware, though!
Worst bell hop service. He pointed me to where my room was while I stood their with my luggage.
Clean by far
The $22 all you can eat buffet is a great value. Good food and all types. Great sushi and quite the dessert bar. Yummy!
The elevator scared us at first because it severely tilts from side to side so much that you lose your balance but we later learned it was because of the pyramid shape that the elevators move at an angle.. Lol
Very disappointed. The hotel has a resort fee of $18 plus tax for every night and the pool isn't open. The resort fee only covers a newspaper and phone calls.  But who doesn't have their own phone.
No fridge....  Improvising.
Avoid the pyramid rooms!!!!
Stay in the Augustus tower
When staying here, ask for a room on the lower level of the hotel rather than the upper floors. There is only one set of elevators servicing the upper floors and it's an awfully long walk to get to your room otherwise.
This hotel sucks
Love the slots here!
The Luxor is a good hotel but it takes for ever to check in. The employees don't know where everything is and they give you the wrong directions. And the ladies at the box office are rude. All the employees expect you to know where everything is when you get there.
The internet access is terribly slow.
Great hotel.I was very pleased with the customer service and the way they attended to my needs.The rooms are spacious and clean, which would definitely make me come back again.Highly recommended.
Recently remodeled and great atmosphere!
Cool little spot on the casino floor
It's older spot and it shows but really have no complaints.
Need a Limo or any kind of ride, look for Ric the over night Bellman.
Look for Ric if you need a Limo or need help finding some suggestions for the evening.
Great place to stay, family friendly.
When you stay here, you get a coupon book with as good (or better) discounts off Luxor and Excalibur shows the you'll find online.
Suboptimal in room internet and no in room coffee, but a fair value for a conference hotel.
Nice super comfy hotel on the strip.
Great Townhomes.
You can't feel the elevators moving sidewards when inebriated
Even if you go into credit card debt pay the extra money and spoil yourself elsewhere!! I mean what's a little debt your an American aren't you???
No more cments
No in room wifi....
I. Am. So. Hungry.
Parking lot is around back,  use the back street and avoid the strip when driving.  Loads of time faced and no people walking in front of you.
What kind of pool closes at 8pm?......
Rooms were disgusting nothing like the pictures they show
Some good staff a lot of  f*cking rude staff.
Stay out of the pyramid. Rooms are horrible. Look at the hole in the tv cabinet.
MY VEGAS :D
No wifi in the rooms yet they charge you $24.95 for it.
Stayed at
3 hours to retrieve my car from valet!!! Would I come back to this low class hotel again? Absolutely not in my lifetime even if they offer me to stay there for free.
Last time i was there..i was surrounded by security, interegated, metro was called in "still do not understand why?"and then aressted for traffic violations from 07. Not for anything I did that evening or on property. As a result i missed work the next day. New Years Eve and I lost my job of 7 yrs. I am currantly unemployed.  Entire experience was horrific mindless  and so unnecessary. Thomas Payne wrote a book called Common Sense. This book was the blueprint for America. Common Sense? Where?
Run down room. Overpriced everything.  Inadequate dining options.
They have the best shows!
Must go to The Marquee club! I loved it so much!!
The service at the hotel is atrocious. Beds are very comfortable though.
I liked the room's pyramid soap. Fits the Egyptian theme and it's really creamy and pleasant to use :D
Always a good time and deal! Tower rooms seem the best option in my opinion.
There's a $56 "resort fee" added to your bill when you check in at the counter. $30/night extra for roll away bed.
Cool place.  Pool area could be better. Nice room.  Nice bathroom.
Don't bother calling the room service... Unhelpful and overpriced for service.  Also, if you order food at any hour, expect a wait time.
Great buffet, amazing price (we paid $18/head) for the large spread!!!
Arrive here for business stay two nights after come from my meeting found that the room wasn't clean was totally disappointed,call for service and never answer the phone finally after many tries get hold of a manager who tell me is going to send someone to take care of it a lady arrive and give me some towers  I don't recommend this place . Spend couple dollars more and get it right
Great margaritas and food.  Ny NY Nuff said.
Checkin workers at Mlife super rude!!! I had to walk over to Mandalay Bay bc the guy was a complete jerk!!
Left out the window pictures
Great place.  Prices are high though...
Why is room service closed at 2 pm ?!?!?!? Like this doesn't make sense to me.
I like the Egyptian theme. Friendly staff.
Carrot Top is the best show to watch here!
Best stay in Vegas!!
Valet is Free and if you have a disabled Placard they HAVE to take you even if they're full!
To complainers, stop complaining about minor things and just enjoy your stay, or just move to a different hotel.
Join mlife.  Try tacos and tequila and the cafe. Get a room in the east or west towers worth the extra cost.
Se siete di passaggio non vale la pena. Ci sono alberghi pi interessanti nella North Strip
Self park the day before you check out. Everyone has to check out at 11am and there are hundreds of people waiting for their cars at valet.
Avoid the timeshare salesman unless you like to be relentlessly harassed.
Cool pyramid shaped hotel/casino. Pretty small inside.
The worst lines to just check in. It is about a 1 hr wait and the rooms are old .
Join MLifeRewards to get extra discounts on rooms, shows, etc. at every MGM property!
Groupon deal! Yay! $21/person!
Air conditioners do not work! Had to get moved to a room on the west side.
As of 8/1/16, EVERYONE (yes, even guests) have to pay for parking! $8/day.
If it's your last day here and your flight isn't until 5 or later, get the late check out. It's worth the extra $20!
The Luxor is the Suxmor. Skip it. Save your $6/day in parking and $25 late check out fee and use the $31 to book a slightly better hotel instead.
They offer lessons for gambling that start at noon and go daily. Black jack, craps, roulette.
Las Vegas in general not as much fun.
Don't stay at the Luxor. There are far better cheaper hotels that you can save your money for the things you want to do and see in Las Vegas!!
This place needs to be on your list of places to eat!
Tip: dont accidentally leave anything in your hotel room because you will never see it again.
Horrible
Wow,  very sweet  upgrade to a suite...that has a media room and an echo (guess it pays off to check-in for one night only).
I like it.
750 gr suite has a 2 person whirlpool tub.
Eiffel tower souvenir cup is dope! Its common sense but dont get drunk & just don't hold it from tip, it'll open & splat all over the floor.
Very pretty place, nice rooms but you can sometimes hear through the walls of the piping. Nice big bathrooms with phone and TV inside.
Comfy seat after a sumptuous brunch Buffet!!
Classy Big hotel that you need a ride to your room...
Love this hotel
Get the Corner Fountain View .. You'll never regret !!!
Fine Dinning at it's best only at the Twist !!! 23rd Floor . Dress Code required and your all set to Go
Party time !!!!!!!!
At the shark reef. :D
The walk from the valet to the check is pretty far. But the hotel is very modern. Busy atmosphere
If you're going to the pool, get there early...it's a zoo.
What to eat?
Stripsteak!
Beach!!!!
Glee!
Sports Bar and a good casino away from the strip
Go there since it's new. But it's nothing special
Checking out of our hotel. It was a great stay. Room was nice and staff was nice!
Worst service/experience ever.  Complete waste of money.
EDC
Hehe
Buffet
Rihanna concert
Pool time!
Lion King
Boom
Awesome
the circle of life. feel me?
tee hee
Just saw Taio Cruz perform and Kanh vs. Judah next!!
Super breakfast!
Bayside buffet
24/7 happy hour
Woooooop
Wave pool and lazy river!
SELENA GOMEZ x333 here i come baby girll
Awesome hotel
*burp*
Food takes forever up in this bitch!
Poker room, here I come!!
Breakfast then... Shark Reef!!
Wow
get it together in your DaMn Arena! your people dont know shit!
Don't stay here if you're use to bellagio or city center. Needs an over haul.
Michael Jackson's Immortal show is a must see...haven't watched it yet but seen the huge crowds
Michael Jackson cirque du soleil :)
Winning!
Literally checking in
$20/night unexpected resort fee
Greatest 15 minute trip to Vegas EVER!!!
Crowded trams but nice walkway between hotels
Great beds
Amazing restaurants!
Beware, room type is based on availability, hotel policy. Thats some bs.
So Cosmo! East side view is amazing!
Dont fear, its normal for the jets to turn on after use.
There are dancing ladies on the wall in the toilet room.
Back at the most fabulous hotel on the strip
Back at the bestest!
Terrace studio with two queens is comfy!
Shark reef time :-)
Check in line is 1/2 block long! Already disappointed. Reservation staff at 50%?!
Friday afternoon and a good 200+ people waiting to check in because the "systems are down". The complimentary water bottles and cookies are nice but I expect more than that and a free drink voucher to make up for this ridiculousness!
EDC!
Hour and a half wait to check in, and the only thing they offer is free almonds and a few drink tickets. Won't be staying here again.
Poolin & Coolin!!
Chillin wit my niggas
Werk werk werk
arrived 3:40pm when checkin is at 3pm. the line looks like it will take 2 hours to get a room. they need to hire more people. at this moment, i am still in line. they gave free warm half bottle of water. tip. checkin at 2 or 2:30 pm to avoid this line.
UFC fan expo
UFC Fan Expo day 2
Worlds loudest hotel room doors!
The view and rooms are amazing
The buffet place has really good breakfast
Buffet time!
my first Magic sourcing show yay!!!
Goodbye, mandalay bay. Thanks for having us: :-)
Never check in on a Friday! It's only 12pm & the line to check in is all the way to the back of the lobby & there are only 4 windows open. Not what I want to be doing after 4 hours in a car...I just want to be at the pool!
Bring a jacket or long sleeves if you plan to attend a conference.  The cold air blows strong.
Two thumbs-up!
Really swanky! Me-likey-likey!
Gotta love the smell of mandalay bay
Sitting in the garage for more than 30 minutes waiting for the traffic from an employee meeting to disperse.  THIS IS BULLSHIT!!
At the edge of the strip, great views of the desert - and awesome pool
Clean and good restaurants. Casino is mediocre.
Swimming and relaxing
Cody all alone.
Haven't been here since I was a child - wave pool!
Yummy! Revamped menu by a bonafide chef, great service and half off next meal! Get the Sanchez
A night time dance party at the pool awesome at night eclipse las. Vegas
Once we got through check in, the visit was nice. The staff was extremely friendly and professional. There are some decorative dings on the aging hotel, but not enough to make a big deal out of it. I'd visit again.
Nice rooms but cleaning lady starts knocking on doors at 8:30am. Unbelievable after a late Saturday night!
Don't waste your money.
Prepare to get in line for... Everything... Even though there are like 8 elevators for F19+
The check-in line is long, there's only two windows open....out of 20 windows!
One star is being super generous.
They are horrible worst customer service imaginable.
Bit old
Get higher floor. Do not touch mini bar or snack
Great staff..very accommodating
There's a tv in the bathroom. Lo
My favorite place to stay.  Same good service all the time.
Great Hotel, awesome pool and excellent customer service. No Complaints.
Not a fan of the express checkin, specifically with Kerry/Keri. She turned her nose down to us despite the expensive price tag to stay here. We are not fans of racial profiling!
If you love to smell like an ashtray, this is the place for you !
Pools!! Room!! Nice place! Lots of Fun!! The pools are allot of fun!!
Great restaurants, spa, salons, and the humongous beach area. Best pools!
Great room, stayed at bay suite.. Great view of the pool.. Very cozy n comfortable!
Self park. I am a hotel guest and valet twice.... Waiting ten minutes during the week when it's dead is just wrong. They need to get some extra help or something
Michael Jackson show is here
Everything you could need under one roof and a private beach for relaxation.
Non-smoking hotel without a casino.  Family friendly.
Great Hotel!  Very good customer service so far!
The hotel entrance is on Carnegie way!  :).
Great stay. Good shows. A lot of entertainment......
Great hotel and customer service. And great show "ONE"!!!!!!!!!!
A must in vegas
Horrible service / quality
Fast checkin even with long line. Thank you Nick!
Bring your own keurig pods.  Ask for a room at the lower level of one of the elevators when you check in or you will spend a lot of time stopping multiple times.
Solid hotel rooms
Unhelpful staff & poor cleanliness. Really disappointed by our experience here. Highly recommend spending your money on a different hotel.
Charlie Wilson concertw
Wear comfortable shoes!!!!!
DON'T CHECK YOUR BAGS ON THE WAY IN. First hotel in Vegas and maybe anywhere in the world that I had to wait in the room for bag delivery. Tells me they have a serious security problem.
NKOTB!!!! :)
For Guestlist or bottle service to Light Nightclub  or Daylight beach club contact me:) I'll make sure you all are taken care of. 702.996.0344
It's a beautiful and classic hotel and a lot of entertainment and the wave pool is insane!
The pool is insane the hotel is a blast and it is close to the airport If you want to get on the strip  Take the bus right outside of  Back side of hotel
Rude and mean managers, extremely unhelpful
I had a wonderful weekend! My room was absolutely comfortable!
I pre-paid and booked my room in January. I was very excited to arrive in Vegas. The Westgate Hotel has always been good to me. Today I was very disappointed.
Terrible customer service!  Reserved room accommodations were not available!  Had to get a manager involved to receive what was reserved 3 weeks ago.  No room cleaning service one day.  Waited  20 minutes on line for customer service to answer.  Snippy response..."they are very busy w/ large customer volume !  It's a huge hotel... This is a surprise to them ?????
Room is awesome!  Service is excellent.  Dinner at Husong's last night was great.
Sleepover then Grand Canyon!
Sucks that you have to pay a resort fee.  They don't provide coffee in the room.
Plenty of chairs on the beach before 11am.
You have high end and low cost options.l on food and drinks. If no car rental the tram + monorail  pretty much moves you up and down all the strip.
False charges on my hotel bill......shouldn't have happened in the first place.
Best hotel service and great customer service at the Michael Jackson show!!!
What's with the understaffed check-in desk?
Dave at the island bar is the best!! Best service with a smile I've had all night!!
FYI all the heaters for the pools are not working including the "hot" tubs. #poolsarefreezing
Totally skip this place.
Sign-up as an M member for deals!
We had a $59/night rate a great deal during summer; however, the place is packed with 100% occupancy!  Go off season less crowded and cooler
Now they charge $18 a night for guest valet parking! Used to be free for guests! Unless you have a Gold Mlifecard!  Also they no longer give guests small bottles of water anymore!
No more morning USA today as part of your resort fee - they just stopped it last week FYI
Loved staying here, fun pool & beautiful room, I would def stay here in the future
Valet line is incredibly long. Get their early to avoid the crowds. They charge for parking now, even self parking has a fee 11 vs 18(valet)
Parking: All M life (MGM) property charges for self parking with the exception of 2 of their properties ( Circus Circus and Signature towers). If your a guest staying at the hotel. $10 per day self park and valet $13 0-4 hrs and $18 hrs 4-24 hrs started 6/2016, You can check online if you want to know which properties are charging parking fees and how much on Vegas.com look under parking garages or you can just google parking fees Vegas hotels.
Up charge anyone?  Fill up your wallets just for all the extra fees  Shame
Please don't bring your kids to Vegas. This is the one place for adults to cut loose, so pretty please take the kiddos to Disney, leave them with grandma or come up with another plan to not impose them on the rest of us trying to enjoy Sin City.
Mandalay is always a great place to stay.
Check in takes over 1 hour in line
Use the Starbucks in the hotel instead of the coffee in your room.  The coffee in your room will run about $4.50 and it's watered down mess.
Won't waste my time that's how bad.
18 bucks for valet and 10 for self park. Far away. Enough said!!
Uber pick up is at parking garage by the pool.
$10 for parking per day?   We are not coming back here anymore.
Pools are closed in the winter months, folks! Duuhhhh
Don't come here.  They don't care about anything except money
A very great casino and great food and drinks.
Here's the TIP ..Do NOT stay here. HORRIBLE Customer Service.  James/Supervisor one of the worst.  He could benefit from remedial Customer Service Training .."listening"
Ellingtons Bar and Grille is in the back of the lobby and is a circular bartop that goes inside/outside and the service SUCKS
Best service!
I want to swim but no one else is swimming! It's a fucking pool, assholes.
5 star weekend! Thanks love.
Awesome service
Complimentary pitcher of water poolside. Perfect pairing for your margarita in 90 degree sunshine!
Ice water at the pool and watermelon popsicles a nice touch!
The Four has a separate valet area. Make sure your friends know this when designating a meeting time.
Service is spot on as expected. At check in they pulled out a cart filled with stuffed animals for my daughter to choose!
Service is still top notch. None of the bustle of Mandalay Bay and all the friendliness you could want.
Happy 4th of July!!
Need me some Adam.
First timer
The best place to stay if you're in LV for business. Quiet, no casino, great customer service, clean well equipped gym and nice new lounge.
Get off the elevator at C level(takes you to casino level in Mandalay bay) rather than L level(takes you to 4 seasons lobby):  It's a shorter walk to the taxi stand and the strip
Love the spa!
Perfect spot in the middle of all the Las Vegas craziness.
Impeccable service! Right from Valet, check-in to room service and restaurant dining. The experience of staying at Four Seasons is definitely worth every penny!My preferred place to stay in Vegas from now :)
Nothing better folks!
Best hotel ever. Staff is amazing. Will come back again. :).
Stay here. It'll be fun.
yeah lazy river. hot tubs are a little too hot...
Get on the list by calling in and asking for the poker room.
Got to hit SaGe restaurant!!!
Cabanas and beach behind hotel takes you away .. Nice beds
Really pretty lobby. Smells nice too!!
Good room service. Old rooms.
Happy bday, graduation, early anniversary to us :)
Hello home
....At the pool, getting some sun and a nap! :)
At the pool again! Drinks a plenty today! Race went well, finished 2nd overall!
Checking in for the night ;)
Let's Rock :)
Party Time!!
Come here once a year
Can't really say is the best hotel but at least is closed to the strip
Just won $1000 with only $40
Fun place. Good food interesting inside. Lots of mavhines.
My fave!
It's 3PM - and our rooms are not ready. WTF????
Check out the pool!
No casino? What's up Vegas!?
Pretty... outer space themed.
Cashier named Dell (?) b*tch... Don't need to yell at your customer
Long lines at the check in!
Back in the room
Yes it's fancy huh
Vegas!
Beautiful hotel.
Drinks and gambling!
Time to gamble!
Best part of vegas with family instead of friends: 8 ppl, 4 rooms :)
Awesome pool, jacuzzi, and lap pool!
Gorgeous!
Too many people checking in... And it is midnight.
The buffet.
Hotel is great, waiting 40 mins to check-in is not so great.
Grand Lux is highly overated! Miss it!
Always take the upgrade, especially the corner suite. Beautiful!!!
SUCH good service, every time. Housekeeping is spot on! Make sure you ask for turn down service.
Uber picks up at the north valet
My new favorite hotel.
Really, really long lines every morning.
Park in the palazzo parking garage and walk to Venetian, easier access to street
Order drinks from the slot machines, play freebet blackjack not the regular double deck, try grand lux cafe, don't forget the gold room
Try to get a golf course view, very peaceful. Top three floors are the best and have a special scent
Sign in moved to front spa desk and not gym desk, as long as the wristband is given once and I'm not asked twice to sign in
Parking at Palazzo is convenient and great access to Sands/Spring Mountain Road. Parking at Venetian is a nightmare. Greatest number of fine eateries in one spot.
Go for the top floors when staying here, strip views and golf views are great
Ask the butler staff for a mimosa or glass of champagne. Be sure to tip well if you receive good service
Try the chef's choice soups. I am not a soup guy but they're tasty
Order champagne or fav cocktail anytime of day from butler staff
Ask he butler staff for your favorite drink, martinis tonight.
Be careful. Beginning soon, there will be no more food served here, just drink refreshments.
Make sure the soup is labeled properly, don't eat any old cucumber finger sandwiches, skip the pistachio cookies, dip the almond cookies in real cream, and request champagne from the butler staff
The room service is excellent
Free breakfast which includes omelets
My favorite place to stay in Las Vegas! You never have to leave this hotel. Everything you could want or need under one roof!
Great super comfy beds & pillows!!!
Lots to do and see.
New favorite hotel in Vegas!! My boyfriend and I stayed in the Aria Sky Suites the last 3 trips we thought it was great until the Cosmopolitan (not in a suite) if that tells you anything.  Love Everything about this hotel and customer service was so much better. Love it!
High tech rooms good staff
Don't upgrade to the sky suites Deluxe room.   It is the size of their regular room with same features. You are just paying over $60 more a day for a lounge that is really not worth it. Even the Marriott and Westin lounges are better. So not impressed.  Save your money and spend it on nice cocktails and food that is better than hummus and cheese .
This place is DOPE! We got a standard suite and it's pretty big & nice
Pretty good last time for dinner. Hopefully, lunch will be just as good cuz it is the same price.
Time to relax
Visiting the best bartender - GRANT at the Chandelier Bar!
wifi doesn't work in the room
Time for fun under the sun ;)
They have the best buffet in Vegas. They are at the south end of the strip and have nice pools. Parking is good and they are close to a freeway exit.
Pool should say open later for guest
Very large property.
Nice reasonable accommodations given this hotels proximity to the strip.
They serve Grey Goose!
Beautiful place to visit in any season. Lots f parking and neatly maintained garden.
Did caesar actually live here?
Vegas baby!!
Back to the hotel.
Back to the hotel.
The sun is about to come up.
Coolest parking structure ever!
More wholesome than the name suggests.
Ask for room with pool view.
Saw Andrew Dice Clay here. He only does a 25 minute bit. Save your money!
Check your condiment packets before you accept them. Mine were ALL old and turned solid. Pretty gross. I didnt notice until i was the other side of the casino and was unable to go back. Now i cant eat my (now questionable but too bad I'm extremely hungry) sandwich with mustard and I love my mustard! I'm not gonna rate the place yet, as this is my second visit, but I'm just warning you about that as this is the second time this happened.  Everything else, so far, is ok. Prices, normal for a cafe.
I love this hotel! Important tip though for an enjoyable stay: do NOT drink the tap water unless you want to be violently ill.
I had the hardest time getting to this hotel... There's no visible signage anywhere. All hidden and Google maps took me to the wrong location twice. Who knew the entry would be on Luxor Dr. The valet or hotel parking is not connected to Mandalay bay which is on the opposite end of the block with only one way roads. There's a tiny Delano sign behind a pillar after you valet. Almost like they don't want ppl there.
We made it to Vegas in just 6 hrs!!
Its awesome straight up relaxing
Onion rings.   Omg.  Never thought I'd be caught dead typing omg,  but omg.
DAMNIT! I left my pager at home.
Gambling before I leave!
LLLlalalLLLL
Swanky.
Sweet..
This is just a few blocks away from the strip. You can walk there but if you're planning on walking through the whole strip then you should reconsider walking there unless you just enjoy walking that much.
Ice is at the front desk.
Free parking in structure.
Wi-Fi is rationed at 2 devices per room per day, either $14.99 or rolled into the daily resort fee.  It's a problem if you have a cellphone and a tablet and more than one person in your room.
Fun at the bar.
Parlay parlay parlay
Afternoon tea!
Wi-Fi is free, IF you sign up downstairs for the loyalty program.
Get $5 off if you skip housekeeping! Place the provided leaflet on your door knob.
They charge for instant coffee. Hmmm... And no vanity packs so pack your own goods!
Black jack time
"The Donald" got it right.
Cudi show tonight at the joint..
Goodbye Vegas. Its been real.
Nice seating area downstairs~
Gym open 24h~
Friendly check in and friendly in the lounge.
Nice place.
Cheap place prime location your in Vegas you shouldn't spend a lot of time in your room
Bad experience with staff. Not what I expect from Sheraton.
Nice hotel and pool, pricey but it's one of the top hotels in vegas.
Vegas, baby!!!
PR event tonight
Love their pillows..
Suites perfect for groups
Grab a drink at the bar and take it up to the pool deck
Best timeshare ever created!
Was the theme of this place changed from Arabic to Hollywood before or after 9/11?
One of the best Marriott properties
Yea!!
Best view from a high floor in the East Tower facing the Bellagio.
Quiet rooms away from the street? Ask for building three!
Super nice hotel room!
Penthouse!!!!
Take toilet paper with you(((
Premium view upgrade
Just be prepared to walk if you want coffee in the morning
Come hungry!
Awesome rooms!!!
99 degrees and it's not even noon yet!
Make sure John is working the gold Mine bar if you're there. The other bartenders are horrible. Waited a long time for any service and didn't get any utensils or napkins with my meal.  They should fire the female bartender working there and give John a raise.
This is a great place off strip. Movie theater is awesome. Saw captain America. A must see, wait till end to see trailer.
Far from all the major casinos,must take bus to get to the casinos. ** Beware of taxi rip off from airport, do NOT take highway!
Vegas for Thanksgiving, why not?
Many nice hotels here, but this is my personal favorite.
Vegas baby.... suits it up.. lol
After 3 1/2 hrs drive, we finnaly here... yay!!!
Nearly bumped to Pauly D he's so buff lol
Conference time!
Valet parking only. No self park for guests!
Look for Sang at the craps table and dan at roulette very helpful I won a ton of money . Tip them
The best hotel ever!! Thx Napua and Rodney for hooking us up with a great room!! :)
Nice place - certainly recmd
It's parteh time.
Feels like home
Get a room in the north tower because that's where all the renovated rooms are!
Great hotel. Finest shops
Complimentary breakfast
A relaxing, family friendly resort.  Good for families with young children.
Yummy cocktails at this place!  ;-)
Finally checked in. And vending machine ate my $2.50 for bottle water. WTH. They're bringing me one in like, 30 minutes. Um, fail?
MMmM crab legs :-)*
Go for the paradise tower or it isn't worth it!
24 hour buffet!
This place is pretty hip
This check in was a hot mess!
buffet of buffets pt. 2
Starting my 24 hour buffet pass. More to come!
So happy to be here! Fav by far!
Karaoke
Woop! Woop!
Happy 7th anniversary! Lucky #7!
We are impressed with the accommodations and grounds.
Give the place a break. The rooms are lovely, if you tell me you came to an airport hotel and are upset they are doing renovations to the lobby, I just don't know how you can be pleased.
Confusing sales strategy.
Got money stolen out of our room/wallet when our group went out at night... Two nights in a row. Don't come here - it's shady business.
Second floor elevators at the East Towers NEVER go up. Waited for 10 minutes....
Alex gave me an awesome massage!
Lets see how the noise level is at night :)
Room with a view - worth the upgrade
Comfy bed, but awful pillows
Love the beds & TV
There are pressure sensitive pads in the minibar that will automatically charge you for drinks and snacks if you pick them up/take them out.
Wednesdays 2 for $40 including a bottle of wine! Shared app, two dinners
Thisplace is better than lala land is sugar land *-*
Room service is fast
brandon flowers!
Snowing!
Getting ready to see the implosion of O'Sheas.  Farewell to that piece of shit.
All drinks on me! *Marquee Club:  2 bottle minimum, $325 was the cheapest bottle? 20% tip added. $13 Shots.
Dranks!
Bella suite if u are in a group
First time here!
The party continues.
Vegas Baby!!!
Retina...all weekend long...
Great views from 23rd floor sky lobby...
Sucks right now. Rumjungle is closed!  But it's cool.
Nice effing spot. No freaking joke!  A must hangout in V-Town, that's of course if wanna go upscale.
Bring money.... Lots of it ;)
OMFG this place is fancy!!! and sexxxy!
The lobby is a bit dark and impossing...don't be scared.
Suites are awesome.
Nicely furnished but they have some goofy noises in rooms,  very limited cable channels
Awesome view. almost stole the robe it was so yummy. Will be back!
:)
Booked at the hotel. Tried to scam us into a room at the manadaly bay.
Not much on the menu. Very disappointed.
62nd floor. Rad view. Hell yes.
Best hotel in Vegas. Lazy river, best sushi restaurant, cheap suites, wave pool, Mix, Lion King, and a low douchebag ratio.
Vegas!!
buffet time!!!
@ THElounge - quiet spot for drinks
Work then play
Bring some K-cups with you and avoid being charged for coffee in the morning
Terrible room service. If they say 30-45 min expect an hour to hour and a half. Wont even compensate u for never delivering!
Don't ever expect good service when it comes to valet or room service. Very disappointed! Especially for the cost.
Amazing decor and oh I love the "perfumed air"
Party time at the hotel
Was craving the lobster salad but they have changed it. Don't like it as well this time
Not a business hotel
Enjoying the only beach in Vegas!!!!
Love this hotel! It's such a nice upgrade from Mandalay Bay!
My home for the weekend. H Suite!!!
First time here last weekend and really enjoyed the atmosphere and the rooms were quite nice.
Casino war is my favorite.  Theres only one table though so grab a seat!
Vegas with a cast. Good times!
Great hotel. All rooms are suites. Make your reservations through American Express Platinum or Centurion card to get an $80 daily dining credit + a $100 spa credit.
Check In process takes over  3 hours.
Beautiful view on the 21st floor!
Don't bring the kids here. The sound proofing is bad and the bass from the club resonates throughout the suite. Your young kids will have trouble sleeping!
In order for our families to be on the same floor I had to take the Handicap Suite. The bathroom in the Handicap Suite is hideous!! The shower curtain is cheap torn beige plastic. Wow really y'all couldn't put a better looking shower curtain? Also no complimentary coffee in room. They charge $4.00 for coffee you have to make yourself.
My favorite. No walking through a casino to get to your room. Stop at THELOUNGE for great service.
They change the pool in the spa once a month, which makes any room from the 1st- 10th floor facing the parking lot smell like a sewer for hours. It happened to me on February 18th, and I had to cover my nose with a t-shirt to fall asleep. Avoid those rooms, and ask for another one if that's what they give you.
Don't stay in room 61-902 if you are a business traveler. There is no couch, no desk and the door that adjoins does not block noise from your partying neighbors. It's considered a deluxe, but I think only in name. No fridge either. Too bad for how much I'm paying per night. Maybe after the makeover it will be better.
Their towel sucks. :/
My favorite place to enjoy a stay-cation
Vegas, baby, Vegas!
Cosmo!
Water + fire + tribal drum beats = fun for everyone, no matter if you're 9 or 99.
The blocked off areas on the side walk due to too much heat from flames, so viewing space is now restricted. Show is hourly until 11 PM.
Gorgeous property
Penthouse Suite on the 54th floor.
I love staying at the signature.  The staff have been great!
In the gym:)
Free refrigerators for diabetic patients. Just ask when checking in!
Excellent Hotel! One of the best Hotel in TO!
Smells delicious 24/7! The fragrance is sold at the spa!
Elvis show was great
This hotel is nice but it needs some renovating; furniture looks worn.
Visiting with my childhood besty & her beautiful family and staying here in an incredibly gorgeous suite that Ceasers does so well!
Back again with my gal pal, Aki! This time we were put in the South Towers which are old, drabby and shabby! But since our rooms are comped, I refuse to complain
Nice pimp room
OMG
Who knew there were pooltables in some of their suites!
Closed for renovations until 2014!
Modern and upscale.
;)
Fee wifi
$219 rate in late May ... Seems very reasonable on a high floor (50s), great views and beautiful rooms.
Best Buffet in Vegas for the best price.
Home for the weekend!
Here for the super bowl party!!
Goodness gracious...45mins-1hr wait on a Tuesday! What? Be sure to come an hour before they change from breakfast-lunch or lunch to dinner...if you come 30mins before, plan to wait!
Go to pool early in sat!!! Otherwise it's bye bye pool cause no single spot will be open !! I found this rather terrible
The room service is top notch. Highly recommend everything. Huevos rancheros, French onion soup, rigatoni, and the cheesecake is insanely good.
Have the bell desk take your bags when leaving - they'll walk you out to a taxi and you wont have to wait in the line!
Centrally located and excellent restaurants! Visit the largest spa in the world- Canyon Ranch.
Vdara is a non-smoking hotel with no casinos, so the environment is more relaxing. Only prob is no inside connecting pathway to aria!
Home sweet home
Happy Hour from 5-10pm everyday!
Wi-FI here is spotty at best. My PC and phone dropped every few minutes. Something to keep in mind if you're traveling on business.
Brian the bell boy was very helpful and went above and beyond expectations to provide excellent customer service
I ALWAYS pay attention to the restrooms when I go to a hotel or restaurant. That tells you something about the culture of that venue. Bathrooms at the SLS are superb! Always smell good, kept clean and dry & well maintained. I've been there at busy times or slow times. When it's busy, you're likely to see 1 or 2 people there cleaning the counters and floors if needed! Thumbs up!
Desserts ...... please and thank you.
Make 'em scoot down.
Don't waste your time people!!! Please don't even if u have the 24hr pass!!
Sweet potato mash was the best
Endless Champagne...
Such a low rating for one of the cheaper buffets in the middle of the strip.
Get there at 7 when breakfast opens to avoid crowds
very poor selection, many containers empty, friendly people, but really grumpy customers.
Good food love ....  Like shrimp and Beef  ........................  Come back again
Appetizers at the Sky Bar. Pretty good Mac n Cheese and a ton of TVs to get your sports fill
Buffet is so gooood!!
Wow! Great rooms!
Best adult pool and kiddie pool combo ever! Everyone was happy!!! This hotel is at the top of my list for future family trips!
Gorgeous!!
Bet on Black!
Make it Hail! Nicks & Dimes....
Gambling!!!!
Wizard of Oz Slot is the business
grub n gamble :)
The pond for where the locals play
Relax time
Gonna go see Planet of the apes.
It's really boring here, unless of course you're rich. :o) #justsaying
I've never had a whole hotel room to myself before! This is amazing!!
Seriously.... The best Spa, aside from Mandarin Oriental, in Las Vegas.
Yummy dinner and fun.
Great off the strip stay. Quiet clean loose slots. Wish the poker tables were a little busier but they are soft. Awesome room and facilities.
Great Place off the strip ...Top notch customer service
If you get out of your room after 11:00am, call the front desk to have housekeeping come in.  They might not unless you call.
Wife said the Women's bathroom were dirty and not serviced.  Not a good sign.
This place is beyond amazing everyone here is kind friendly and Beyond helpful this is definitely a place I'll stay forget the strip
This place is amazing the people are super friendly and helpful.. I love it here and the slots pay ...
Use your players card, I think you get a slight discount.
Lots of good restaurants and the table games have reasonable minimums.
If you're self parking, there's covered parking at the east end of the casino. Keeps the car cool during those hot summer days. Mountain view rooms don't have much of a view.
Seafood is Friday night only.
Avoid GVR at all costs. They treat customers like number 2
Very nice and quiet place!
The best resort ever! The amenities rock! Especially the spA!
Green Valley Resort and Spa looks decent outside but find another hotel room to use. I get complimentary hote
Going to the strip from here is not easy and a lot of wait time
Be mindful of the very thin walls. Was woken up every night with people talking. Thankfully it was only talking...
They Have a Food Court and Many Good Restaurants on the Premises.
The buffet is not bad and affordable.
We love GVR especially the buffet!
Love this casino! Is big and very nice ! Good place to chill
Casino. 24 hr restaurant. Very attentive housekeeping. Very clean. Nice staff.
So personal
So personal
Get to the pool by 8am
Beautiful rooms at affordable prices ... Double win!
Top notch service
This place is awesome and cheap!
Beautiful room at a fraction of the cost, if booked through the Signature directly!
Steak n' errGs! $6.99 for steak, hash browns, eggs, & toast. Til 6 in the mo'nin! Busy tho
Peep show time!
Very nice hotel staff
Do not play at the tables at this casino! At least not with Vivian! She is the worst dealer. Our group of whom has visited LV for over 20 years said this was the worst table experience they ever had. Even the head staff in our area was very very rude, unfriendly, and disrespectful to everyone at our table. Will be reviewing in better detail later.
Great dealers and staff! We are not staying at the hotel, but come here to play all night! Their dealers all have awesome-fun-friendly attitudes and love to entertain you!
Make sure you inspect to make sure everything works while they show you your room.
Tim Allen
Love
Excellent lounge but no eggs till 6am
Get here early for check-in! Waiting time is 30minutes to 1hr.   Waste of time.
Check-in was horrible but I'm so glad Planet Hollywood is basically in the center of the Strip! We can easily walk out the casino and see exactly where we want to head to. We can see Excalibur, New York, New York, Cosmopolitan, Bellagio and Caesar's Palace right across the street, Circus Circus and so much more. When in town, definitely stay at PH. Besides, there's never ending shopping stores inside! #FatTuesdayFTW
Depending on the event, you can buy a party wristband for half priced drinks for the night.
A quick bite to eat
Very eclectic Frank Lloyd Wright design.  Very swanky old school property.
No parking!! Running late. Fack.
Drink before you get here 10$ for pbr is outrageous.
Hollywood Undead
Lunch
Good service. The nerds are swamping the staff. Some people don't get that happy hour is IN the bar.
Awesome music
Sunday Brunch is awesome!
Very good breakfast with excellent service.
Joe Rogan baby!
Here we are again. : )
The Kooks playing House o Blues! Who knew?!
not what it used to be. Not that good. Sitting at the lounge and the bartender is horrible. Thumbs down for Mandalay bay
Juicy Lucy burger was better than average, if bun was different and fresh it would have made a big difference.  Regular Fries were just ok, friends told me sweet potato fries were good.
Breakfast of champions.
Pass on the food, but come for the entertaiment- stale corn bread :(
Cosmo
Must beg for service  And snotty waiter
Cornbread is beyond good...also availible in the gift shop
We always make the HOB for a bite to eat while in LV.  Had the Juicy Lucy Burger with Sweet Potato Fries; EXCELLENT!!
Hardly any people in restaurant for breakfast but a 25-30 min wait on food just to cook a few eggs.  Get it together HOB.
Ian was AMAzing
Good incredible
Beware. $11 for a can of Pabst. What the actual fuck???
Scheduled airport shuttle at 1045PM to catch our 1250AM plane and all day the front desk insisted we be on time. We were yet they were not. Why the FUCK do you not have two fucking drivers???!!!!! I am sure that we will be late.
The one man band that's playing tonight in the restaurant is pretty awesome!
It is well worth the wait!
Live band, no cover.
Check out D BAR outside on Fremont.
Wow, they have good blues!
Second time hopefully will be enough?
Great chorizo and cheddar omelette
Ask what microbrews they've got. Seldom anything on tap but they get some interesting craft brews in
Food and service was fast!  Loved that you can order breakfast all day!
You should know you can do bottle service and get a table for a show, but decide that before you buy your first round. 1 vod cran = $13. Bottle of Skyy vodka and a table $200+tax and they go up from there. Staff is super nice.
Rock Camp performances are the best!
May the 4th be with you
Check your alarm! The joke of waking up to a pre set alarm at 5 am is not fun.
May the 4 th be with you!!!!
The catfish bites are delectable!
Loved breakfast there and staff was very friendly!!
3 of us shared the Super Fuel Omelette and the Chicken and Waffles (we always have fresh strawberries and whip cream added alongside our waffles). Both meals were real yummy and just enough for us!  The sweet spicy sauce (on the side) was a wonderful kick to the chicken tenders and our Omelette was great with the Brie, avocado, grilled chicken and sundried tomatoes.  Very happy we chose to try breakfast here!
Try their Wicked Spoon!  I think the name fits perfectly well!
Drink before you come!
Awesome food. Awesome service. Susie Q was the best!
Spinach dip was blah BUT my sausage flatbread, margarita, and waiter was GREAT.
House of blues, was amazing and the food was wonderful.   Suzi Q gave amazing recommendation s.  I'm glad she worked with us.  She's a true asset to this organization
I got a salad bleu cheese and dressing and my friend got the buffalo salad. Looking forward to it. Friendly ester and great atmosphere.
Often has live music
Live music w dinner-- it's a Wednesday night. What a treat!
GiGi in Tahiti Great Martini!!! Only need one!!
Great crowd!
Had a skillet scramble and it was excellent! Highly recommend!
Drinks are way over priced but the venue and staff are excellent.
Best breakfast ever!!
Yasssssss. Love this place. Service was nice and food was bomb.com
Worst service and rudest staff in Vegas, and that's something.
Didn't like the Cajun chicken pasta. Very dry and plain.
Great discount for military, police, and fire fighters 25% off.  Very nice
Good food, fun atmosphere and great staff!
Beware! The staff here is totally weird and are not above putting "things " in your food and drinks.
Service was great, food was hot.
The ribs are delicious and the gumbo soup!
Came to watch my sister play for the school of rock. Awesome show. Great venue.
Terrific music venue. We had VIP seats - Santana rocked us!
45 minutes so far and the wrong order came at last!
The food is great.. The service and entertainment is even better!
Don't get the VIP package for concerts. Everything from getting the tickets to sharing your VIP table (@$750) with other perfect strangers on a little bar table 1.5ft wide went wrong.
Subpar food and service, but great live entertainment
Make reservations on the weekend.
Best venue to see a band.  No bad seats, acoustics are great.  Food is good too.
Great breakfast!!  Great service from Pablo!!
This place is BEAUTIFUL!
So beautiful!!! Shopping upscale for sure!
Okay rooms. Squeaky beds. No shuttle to airport only taxis--$35.
Octavius tower!
Worst check in experience so far here. Review to be done after stay.
Home sweet home!
With the Fam at the cabin in Mt. Charleston.
This is a lodge?  I drove right past the A-frame "place"!
Beautiful setting & cookies at check in
Lovely view of lazy river from the room...6 restaurants on location...planning to go at Roy's..
Lovely view of mountains.
Lovely view of mountains and lazy river from window. 6 restaurants on property including Roys...
Blues Festival
Nice resort put kind of pricey , but then, it is a resort. Great shopping nearby.
princess of JW. with some of my best girls!
Can't wait to try out the lazy river, conveniently located next to the pool bar.
Love the back patio area for a glass of wine sitting around the fire pits
what a gorgeous hotel !
Beautiful grounds and nice rooms.
Love this place.
Perfect Family Resort!
Stay in the off season and call Marriott to see what deals they have.
Best time to book a room and use the pool, Tuesday through Thursday. On Friday all the step children of PHX and surrounding area check in.
The service is horrible and the staff sucks
Costco gas nearby on 2450 e. Beardsley and one near the airport on 4502 e. Oak
The taxis from SkyHarbor are pricey. $40-50+tip. You might want to rent a car.
Hotel Food is so-so. Roy's has Aloha hour. The $10 Wagyu burger is artery closing awesome!
Great place to be a club member.
This place is awesome
Too much plastic being used! So wasteful bring a water bottle
Great hotel with excellent facilities..loved it
Awesome place to stay when your in the Pheonix area.
I love they way how they treat the gusset
Always love coming here to relax and have a drink good people watching place
Griffin Club access makes breakfast, lunch, dinner and drinks easy to plan.
Great location on The Strip.
Always such a friendly staff! Laundry is now $2 wash and $2 dry.
Checked in...
Conducting training here today. Nice hotel.
Get there earky
Stay at the Nugget Rush tower. The hotel part of the Plaza, to be kind, would be more suitable to hourly rental...filthy, stinky... yeech.
They have a cool 'deal or no deal' machine. It's different from the plain slot version. First one I've seen.
60's retro style is kind of cool.
The Best Bargain in Vegas! New clean rooms in downtown!
Was very clean and has it's classic beauty to it, very old school. The only issue I had was we requested early check in and they said no so we spoke to the manager and they gave it to us for noon but over the phone. We get there at 11 am and they ask us to check back with them at 2pm. inconvenient.
Recently remodeled, nice rooms.
The parking is now $5, you have to pre pay it upon entry and jump through hoops like minimum play to get it reimbursed.
So yes, it is an older hotel with updated rooms and bathrooms but it is an older hotel. Works as a base to explore downtown, well priced, clean and spacious.
Room didn't get serviced 2 out of 4 days which is totally unacceptable!
Don't do groups here
This place is amazing. Curt the host is awesome! No matter what reviews they have the best blackjack unlike 6 to 5 pays of other places on fremont. Inexpensive to stay. The strip is overrated. Call curt the host!
Love Super Bingo Alan and Kimmy are the best
Use ESME as your casino host!!!!!! :-)
Not a good place to stay in Vegas!
The "remodeled" bathroom kinda suck. Very hot inside everywhere. Smells bad too!
Room service and wake up calls are non existent here. No need to call the front desk because no one is home. Fire alarm blared in the room and hallway at 6am due to maintenance working on it. Woke me up thanks. :(
Room service is apparently outsourced, you must use the room phone, to make contact, but that is useless because no one answers. Wake up calls are non existent here as well because no one is at the front desk. Must be a cost cutting strategy to have no employees available to perform these jobs.  Fire alarm blared in the room and hallway at 6am due to maintenance working on it. Seems like a better time to work on the fire alarm would be late morning. Woke me up and scared me thanks. :(
Will never come back to this place
Great and great price rooms are nice and clean..i liked it and is quiet.
Ugh never again
We just checked in and were upgraded to the junior suite. LOLOLOL this is our view.
Hallways smell like sewage.
Breakfast is pretty good.
The worst place. The worst staff. Stay somewhere else
Just saw a roach in my room. No lie.
room 1403 gave us bed bugs!!! :(
Don't stay here. What once was a great place has become a dump. Management does not care, they won't even acknowledge you if you have a genuine problem.   My tip - stay anywhere but here
8/7/16- There 5 working and checking people in, wow! Great job yelper.. Keep on yelping!
Great  hotel  good prices.  Newly  remodeled  pool  big rooms.    Good  luck  here.
Rude employed and unexpected charges. Filthy hotel with time share workers constantly harassing you! Rooms are falsely advertised. Take your money elsewhere!
So tired!!
Vegas!
Mfest 2012! Doing it big!
myVegas apps gives you a discount on the rooms with enough comps
Be careful here. I got "chlorine poisoning" while using the hot tub inside the gym area. Don't think there was proper ventilation in relation to the amount of chlorine being used.  Spent the whole day feeling "off."  The outdoor hot tub was warm, not hot, so we thought the inside one would be better. The rooms were nice.
Box office is super slow. Get here a bit early.
If this hotel is sold out online, be sure to call the front desk as they know about current cancellations.
Sunday karaoke would be more fun if the guy running it (Robert?) wasnt so awful
Not as close to the strip as expected. Wait time quite long at the gate entrance before reaching the hotel.
Amaze balls!! Private butler, private entrance, pool table, full bar.... The list goes on.  LOVE
Clean and new looking rooms , front desk good service
The Encore Beach Club has ruined many rooms--impossible to get a good nights sleep with bass beats. Wasn't like that when it was 1st built, also they never added plugs despite the proliferation of personal electronics.
A bit crowded, food not all that much better than airline lounges (falls far short of international lounges outside the USA); nice seating but not always available where you want. Bathrooms too small.
Lovely hotel. Internet access sucks though. :/
Grab a map! It's so easy to get lost on this property!
You will never run out of towels!
We loved the yummy pillows and the view from the 18th floor.
What's up with the different elevators?
Very Unique....Iove it!
Sweet!
10:48 am. Poolside. Not crowded. Serene. Customer service still outstanding.
Service is just "okay". Not as welcoming, as other major vegas hotels.
I love the man and the hotel
1 bedroom villa has a kitchenette, washer/dryer, shower, vanity, 2 sinks, king bed, & tub. In room toiletries are a bit minimal.
So not typical Vegas. Love the hotel and Crystals shopping center next door. The buffet is clean and the food is good.
Great location- right across from the convention center in Old Montreal.
Pool on the 4th floor.
They put out iced water and/or tea for guests in the corner of the lobby next to the Gazette restaurant entrance till mid afternoon.
Vegas baby!
Bye bye Vegas!  It was a fun 12 hours!
It's good to be back!
$13 for wifi for 24hrs. No thanks!
Best stay I've had in Vegas.
Birthday Fun
Beautiful place
Not one of my favorite hotels to stay at.
Make sure you make a players card to get $2 an hour comps!
Awesome central hotel on the strip
My fav hotel in Vegas. Gorgeous rooms, gorgeous pool, gorgeous people!
Nice place!
Smoke-free and casino free hotel. Definitely more quiet than the rest.
VIP lounge access exclusive for Platinum  Grazie members
Non-smoking environment!
One of my favorite hotels!
Clean & very nice peeps
Quiet oasis off the strip
Love it here.
Pimp condo style this trip! We don't play around.
Free drop off by a BMW limo if you have platinum status for Fairmont club
Penthouse Suite
Go here during boxing weekend!
All in
This is the
King suite baby!
No like. Service is horrible and toiletries smell bad!
Feels so fancy!
Newly renovated! Clean rooms and a hint of coconut fragrance throughout. Chuy at Bell Desk is super friendly & helpful!
Tres chic and modern hotel in a great, central location. Nice, clean rooms, too! Strong wifi signal all throughout lobby/reception and individual rooms
Free wifi
Beer Pong Happy Hour M-F 10a-2p $15 per game
Best hotel on the strip! Spacious rooms and excellent service!
Beautiful suites. We have a jacuzzi and a strip view! Awesome free upgrade :)
Pretty awesome suite!
Rosa is the best! Very accommodating!
Valet only, no self parking.
Love these huge rooms! Perfect for lazy kids to lounge in when they don't want to walk outside...
Awesome suite - great hotel
Free wifi and valet overnight parking is $25 with in/out privileges.
Very ecstatic about the week ahead
Here's your tip.  Don't stay here.   I'll review when my whole weekend is over.
Checking in for the weekend :)
Asian style decor.  Have to drive past Wynn itself to get to self parking, Encore self parking  around corner.
Pay the resort fee it's worth it.
Whoa!
The bathroom alone is worth it. Huge tub and mood lighting
If you're here for a while, the king suite is amazing. Full kitchen, washer dryer, huge closet
No resort fee but they sure do charge for WiFi and the Gym. Notification and fees: Facility access costs USD 15.99 per person, per day. Facilities include fitness facilities, a spa, and a spa tub. Rollaway beds are available for USD 15.00 per night WiFi is available in guestrooms for USD 14.99 per 24-hour period (rates may vary) WiFi is available in public areas for USD 14.99 per 24-hour period (rates may vary)
7.5environment. 6service. 6.5food
I'm here 7pm. Only chips, cookies, instead noodle, some fruits none cut and coffee.
Just took the worst shower ever. Where's the water pressure here!?
The room services is awesome. Lots nice restaurant and fancy shopping stores in this hotel
Good thing Is u can order food to eat on the table when u played like 20 hours in the rolls but don't wanna to cash out
Checked in.  Nice hotel room.
Spafinder gift certificates are accepted as payment here! Yeah!
Beware the gym closes early in the evening! Go to the Aria club instead to get in your cardio, they waive the cover for guests
Long Bar has such a good vibe!
Empty on a Sunday night. Not a good sign. Staff wasn't friendly. Valet moved inside because of "weather" with no signage
Ask for a room in the east tower with a view of the Bellagio Fountains
Nice place clean rooms
Chillin' poolside @ the MGM. About to get into Wet Republic..
Damn hollywood in nevada.. Line for the club is ridiculous
Read mh review
Spring Break at Rehab- view from our room Hahahaha !!!!!!! Marilyn is freaking out :-)
Heeellllloooooo Vegas!!!
don't be deceived. this is the worst hotel ever.
Best craps tables in town!
Home sweet home!
One without gambling facility.
Want to spend some 6 figures? This is the perfect place in Las Vegas..
Be sure to pick up your welcome packet after you check in!
Playing ping pong with Amin!
No free breakfast for diamond members????!!!!!
Great Time Share Hotel, nice full kitchen, King bed, Queen bed sofa, jacuzy bath tub inside bedroom, great bathroom. Very nice, we loved it.
Even Diamond HHonors members have to pay $8 to park. Weak!
The brunette "lifeguard" right now 7/28/2012 8pm is a B***H. If I could take the time to walk my fatass to the other side of the pool, least she can do is walk over & politely speak to my special needs family member rather than blowing her stupid whistle from ACROSS the pool. DON'T BE LAZY! UGH!
Far from the strip but nicer, cleaner, safer, BETTER than the Flamingo location.
But the rooms are nice but don't do the timeshare meeting no matter how much they ask or offer. It will ruin your trip.
Just get us in the room already!
$8 to park, but Free for owners.
Don't come here if your looking to have a good time. Far from all the action of Vegas, no casino and no restaurants. If you get too loud at the pool they will escort you out. This place is a joke unless you are 85 years old.
Valet for $16 self park for $8!
Really great hotel, smoke free and casino free just a few steps from the heart of the strip.
Try to get a room on the upper levels and ask for a good view of the strip... You won't be disappointed.
"Studio" is just a regular (small) room with a microwave. Walls are thin thin THIN!
Great place
Be a Hilton honors member to make this stay even more worth it! Such a great room. Full kitchen, living room, soaker tub. Felt like the penthouse w/o the price tag!
Love the price and amenities, not so much about the location. I love being able to walk to hot spots but this place doesn't really offer that. It's kinda far away from the exciting part of the strip.
I am so amazed at the transformation done to downtown Vegas. It's only been about a short year and the changes are impressive.
Fifty-five floors of views with floor to ceiling windows.
Wifi is really bad though, everything else is fine.
Great service very welcome
There are 4 hiltons on the strip make sure you're finding the right one, they charge for parking.
Rude and unprofessional Hilton shuttle drivers!  Rooms are very cold!!!
Expected more from a Hilton.  Cheap furnishings, poor service.
$25 resort charge is lame. They should probably just rebrand it.
It was a nice hotel if you don't want to be in the strip.
Don't recommend this hotel. Worst experience
Only takes cards
Best location out of all the hiltons in vegas!
Our home away from home! VIP, what what?? ;)
Amazing pool! Alice in Wonderland themed!
At the pool.
Great service, nice big rooms and excellent food.
Beautiful lobby!
This is fucking crazy nice & yet haven't seen the room yet. Upgraded a room worth stayin in $1,500 a night
One of the best
Room is moderate but room service after 1030 pm is really slow. Waited almost 45 minutes for extra blanket and bedsheet
Nice hotel to stay. Very clean
Bridal party has arrived, thank you groupon!
Awesome room at
So extravagant!
Finally not feeling like I'm sleeping in a freezer!
Right across from an awesome park.
Stayed in room 32 in late June. It was freezing every night we slept since they blasted the AC. We asked to lower it down every night and they refused.
Much needed get away with my beautiful wife!!!
One word for our room.... PIMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Time to relax....
Great Casino...hard to get to the rooms though...that is the only bad thing
If sleeping on the couch pullout ask them to bring up 2 comforters & use it as padding on the bed. It makes a huge difference! No more springs digging into you!
The beds are so comfy! And free breakfast 6-10!
With thee most amazing people :)
Just arrived. Long drive from Long Island NY.  Nice hotel. Clean rooms and friendly staff.
Really nice room!
Little Oasis!
Nice new cardio machines in the fitness center.
Really nice front desk staff!
Lots of action tonight! Friday baby!!!
Great for poolside lounging!
They do have Marquee...
Try to get the Augustus tower! The best tower!
Gotta love deal or no deal!
Time to get some color in the lazy river =)
Beautiful fall
Delicious food and neat ambiance. Definitely a great find in downtown.
Decent food. Mozzarella toast was a good small plate
I feel like I've entered a Shag painting ... Mid-Century bliss in a hotel! Make sure you pick a studio room for the fabulous tub ensuite.
I checked out this morning and I'm already missing it! From the stellar staff to all the room and property amenities to the staggeringly beautiful design of the property, the Hotel Valley Ho is easily my favorite hotel ever. Review to come...
Cannot believe how huge this room is! The photo doesn't do it justice.
Funky vibe and great attention to detail. Amazing people watching at the pool. Love this place!
NOW -RAMADA INN- open while remodeling
If you're signing up for a total rewards card, steer clear from Lisa. Rudest service in all of Vegas and probably been working there for way too long!
Venetion hotel is less confusing, more spacious, cheaper and better service
The hotel is located at the far back of the Flamingo hotel, past the pool. Great view of the main pools. Guests have there own private pool and hot tub open til 10pm.
Suite ! :)
'wow Vegas sucks' -tee lee
Upgraded suite.
Here!
Indoor arenas are the best instead of sweating outside. Turns are a little tight for this event but clean arena and plenty of vendors.
Third stay and loving it.
Nice place.
Upstairs gambling way too hot and too much smoke change your filters
I what's not to like about this place, much better filtration systems for cigarette smoke , updated
I'll have to check later as to whether $100 NON-REFUNDABLE pet deposit-was covered; if so, NOT very prominently. I consider it deceptive, you be your OWN judge.   They act like they're doing me a favor cuz other Marriott brands don't take pets. But I've traveled w/ Max before & NEVER have paid ANY deposit, let alone non-refundable.   Oh, this is obviously a wood-frame building. Upstairs people are just checking in (2-story units). I hear EVERY footstep and faucet. Could be a LONG weekend!
OK, I'm done bitchin':  The room's nice, tho like I said, I can hear folks upstairs walking, turning faucets on & off. Having upstairs room would eliminate that.   Full kitchen, I mean FULL! 'Course, the pots & pans dishes. But also full fridge w/ icemaker, dishwasher, m'wave, full elec range/oven. They'll even shop/deliver groceries & add to your bill, no add charge (but please,TIP).   That said, I KNOW there's a place with similar amenities that DOESN'T charge pet deposit, & I'll find 'em!
Great deal through priceline. Basic hotel with clean pool and gorgeous lobby. Comfy beds and very nice employees. I'd stay here again.
First time in Vegas, woo!
Time to get ready for a wedding!!!
My complimentary conditioner was used and not replaced.   The first thing I looked and checked for, sanitary products weren't sanitary....  Lets hope the next three days are better.
Nice hotel if you're looking for a break from LV Strip prices, resort fees, and chaos.
Non-gaming, non-smoking, trendy, hip, modern and Very well maintained (super clean!)Woohoo!
River view room is amazing! Especially cool to have a view of the stadium while the pirates are playing! Be sure to ask for binoculars if they haven't provided them in your room!
I have been waiting since Mon. For accounting to return my phone call it is Thurs. Even escalated it to a manager he still hasn't returned my phone calls!  I don't think this is a corporate renaissance!!  Feels like a franchise!  But I need someone to take ownership of this Marriott rewards issue!  Not the first time I have stayed here & always have a billing issue!!!! Never fails!!! **BEWARE****
This hotel is one of the few in Vegas without a casino. For me, this meant it was an ocean of calm in the insanity that is Las Vegas.
Very clean, pleasant staff, and excellent accommodations.
Great place!  Friendly environment.
Average hotel.
I don't recommend the Envy Steakhouse, you are better off with room service.
Great restaurant!
Pay cash or stay somewhere else.
Does anyone know of this hotel has free wifi inside the room? Or only in the lobby?
Avoid if possible. Cute decor but lousey and sketchy area. Pay the extra $$ to stay in a reputable hotel.
This place is anything but a 5 star hotel. Service is more like a 2.
One week in and this place is still a TURD. Horrible staff.
Beautiful! :)
Wrap around balcony terrace got laundry and dish washer, worth staying if you have a medium size party .
It's a dump
Getting a head start..
Roulette!
hello Vegas!!
You just melt into the beds~ so comfy~
Stay here if u want to get robbed of all ur cash and belongings!  deal with a blas staff that doesn't care! Good luck if ur staying here
"beautiful resort view" is a parking lot. And considering its a wed and dead, there arent rooms available to switch Wtf!
Just arrived...time to grub on the large selection of good buffet food and free wine and champagne :-)
I love the smell of the hotel.
6:30 dinner on Sunday, very understaffed. I see my waiter appear about 2-3 minutes at a time. Poor guy is taking care of 10 tables at a time. Takes about 20min to get my check. Food is good though.
Very clean and great staff!!
Awesome room loving the soaking tub
Gsi retreat
Watching tv from the shower is so baller
Teeny rooms, great shower and bed. Windows open up like shutters and overlook the water. I love the medieval feel of it all in spite of the modern amenities.
Great raspberry muddled iced tea...
Try breakfast on the patio and order the California Eggs Benedict
The Friday seafood buffet is worth the wait in line. Great food and amazing service.
Gonna try this seafood buffet
Got a very good deal on Priceline. Good location next to Metro stop. Very walkable area. Room is USA size room. Beds are Full not Queen.
Weekend vacay:)
Ironically, when the weather gets into triple digits, I like to relax by the pool early to avoid the heat.
Nice Hilton timeshare property in Las Vegas.
Simply beautiful, a real treasure to visit.
Kostenfreie Parkpltze direkt neben dem Hotel!  Walgreens und CVS sind nur eine Kreuzung entfernt, so das man hier gut Soft Drinks und weitere Dinge fr den tglichen Bedarf kaufen kann.
Cool corner suite over the pool :)
Incredible property, great service and 3 Amigos tequila at all bars!  Perfect
Beautiful property!
Beautiful room and a nice, deep jacuzzi tub. You can watch TV from it, which is the best part.
All you can drink bloody marys/ mimosas and brunch; $35. OMG best buffet. It beats out Paris and Bellagio...
Good place to go to get away from the smokey smell of Vegas
Is literally in awe!! This hotel is off the hook!!
Suuuuuper Nice
Club $30 bucks
Don't bank on the wifi here! I lost many calls for my business during my stay here as the WiFi was inadequate!!! If they offer it, why bother when it doesn't work!?!? BIG THUMBS DOWN!
Resort fee was waived at check in as a Platinum Elite
Smells so good in here!
If you are going with 8 people, pitch in and get the 2 bedroom suite at PH towers westgate! It's huge and really nice for the money!
Aria Cafe = watermelon juice. Amazing!
Great service.
Nice place good internet deal. I will be back
Early check-in; going to unpack, relax a bit and get ready for lunch!
Won a Big Keno Jackpot at the bar.  Service is awesome!  They arranged security.
Newly renovated!  Best hotel deal in the Beachwood area.
It doesn't feel like a 5 start hotel yet... They take too long to check in
They have late night specials and it gets busy. We waited in line for 10-15 mins and food takes a while too, but it's pretty cheap food and it's pretty good.  If you want excellent service this is not the place for you :) Head your butt to the cosmo or Aria lol Servers are pretty nice
Wow never been to downtown Vegas I really like this hotel very cheap and clean
Nice rooms, clean and updated. Good breakfast buffet
Located on "Princess" Drive in the city of Scottsdale, AZ... Serendipity?!    "5-stars" everything!
Royal Tahitian Suite...1550 sq.ft. of luxury accommodation.  Booking.com  *Three miles from the Vegas Strip*
Amazing. Just go in to wander around. It's the most extravagant hotel/casino we've been in!
If you have some time to waste come here. There are plenty of tables available but they made us wait in a line by the entrance for 15 mins. The service is super slow too. food good tho. Liked the chicken sandwich
They got a bathroom the size of a bedroom and the indoor jacuzzi was hella awesome! The view was spectacular chilling on the balcony.
The pool and hot tub are only open until 5 pm during the fall and winter.
Great hotel.  Stay in the Fairmont Gold rooms.  Great lounge access, free parking and spa access.
Ask for corner roons..much quieter and cleaner.
Free wifi and breakfast
What good is a non-smoking room if the smoke from anyone smoking on balcony comes into my room!!!
All and all its a nice hotel. The rooms in the hrh tower are nice. But if you have noisy neighbors you will hear everything. If you come to Vegas and stay here when you eat out try going out of the hotel and off the strip. It will save you a ton of money.
The complimentary breakfast is a sham! A cup of coffee n a croissant is their continental breakfast! U can't take cereals or fruits instead. If someone is kind enough to let u substitute d croissant for cereals,mind u, only one bowl of cereals. if u take one more of their only available 'small sized cup' of cereals, they dump a $9 on you!  For a hotel that charges you $$$, and inspite of being a whatever status here, shame on them for imposing such an unbecoming experience on us! Ruined our day!
Decent hotel. rooms are nothing special beds are comfy
Always have nice clean room whenever I come stay here.
Love the 2 bed room suites and its a nice place for kids.
How to not get hounded by the timeshare people offering free gifts.. They only hound  couples or couples with children walking talking. So we decided after 1 day of being hounded ominous every corner to receive a free gift.. we walk separately, hubby went alone with kids, I walk by myself 5 feet behind and Noone paid us attention . Yeah!!
Comps : get the name of the person who told you yes or it will be all taken care of. No voucher needed. As when you go to actually comp it without a voucher, the receiving party says differently.
Pick up the phone and call housekeeping for unlimited free water delivered right to your room.
Have the butler draw one of the specialty baths, get yourself a skyloftini with brandied cherries and feel yourself decompress
One of my favorite accommodations anywhere. Take advantage of the bath menu!!
Service is superb. They truly go above and beyond to make you happy and are successful in doing so
Great Gift Wrap Up! About to get my shopping on
The adult hotel-always quiet and restful. Great service.
My new favorite hotel in Vegas. Complimentary Fiji water. There's a yoga mat in the closet, and EVERYTHING is controlled with one remote. My kinda place.
A butler!
TAM2012 eeeeee!
Hey! It's Enrico Palazzo!
Smells the best out of any of the local poker rooms.
on the strip for cheap
It's hotter than satan's taint.
Best club to be at
Don't waste your time on this dump! Not only are the rooms gross, the staff is extremely rude. Check in time was 3pm, so we showed up at 3, and guess what? Rooms not ready! This place sucks...
Don't waste your time on this dump! Not only are the rooms gross, the staff is extremely rude. Check in time was 3pm, so we showed up at 3, and guess what? Rooms not ready! This place sucks...
Be careful not to step in vomit in the restroom. Classy place.
If you are coming for a game, this is an excellent place to stay... Stumbling distance from the Arenas, literally!
How is this little Canadian tipping right now?? Cuz the Cosmopolatian has free wifi!!! I wish all hotels were this smart!
Prosecco on tap in the lobby bar... What?! Love it
Holy doodle, there's an ice rink where there used to be a pool! This place is so crazy cool, through on ur skates, don't be a tool!
Whaddap!
don't ever say no at the time share meeting, if so you turn into the lowest piece of dirt there is
Free cookie!
Very clean, great front desk, and fast valet service!
Infinite spa, then a hot multidirectional shower with instant hot water. Daymmm I could get used to this.
COMPLETE BLACKOUT @MGM! No Lights or A/C in our room and it's 100degrees outside @1am. Plus Security won't let us take pictures because "they" said it a Security Breech!! What a Joke. Don't go hear unless you want to be harassed by security for taking pictures! THANKS for ruinin my Vacay OFFCER COLE
home for the next few days
Absolutely amazing! Beautiful lofts
Always stay at the s
Baller Place to stay in Vegas
Well no hurry at the omlet station..the woman kept walking away in the middle of my scramble, the server ended up making my eggs!! Grrrr!
Not as easy as it looks!
The worst room service/ breakfast! How do you mess up oatmeal and toast!?
Sweet.
Its a beauty.
Almost home! Next stop Los Angeles ( but we're landing in Long Beach :) )
THIS PLACE SUCKS! Stay here if you have to for a quick one nighter.... It's way over priced for the service and accommodations.
This is a highly serviceable and convenient hotel for work related trips to Phoenix
great location and very clean hotel. restaurant offers very decent food as well
Eh, it's ok....
Username & pw are LQ2 for both. They didn't share this with me when I checked in.
It's a Motel 6 Extended Stay
Good pillows
Very friendly service, rooms are clean and well kept, a little more quiet than a typical Vegas hotel.  Good stay!
Awesome pool!
Easy money!!!
It is valet only!     So pack your luggages accordingly.  Valet attendants were very patient but I felt bad hogging the load in space while picking up my boy's toys in a car....
Band plays every Friday and Saturday night. They get an A for enthusiasm. Mainly I just thought they were loud.
First time here....tell ya how it goes later ;-)
Rum kegs!
Closed as of July 31 2011.
Service is nice, rooms are clean, and best part refrigerator to keep all our drinks nice and cold
Lines are long...eat first and then hit the water park.
Awful. Don't count on shuttles. Over an hour wait at the airport and morning shuttle is already 15
Bring your own spices for cooking and stuff to clean the shower and tub (when your there they don't clean it and won't give u cleansers other then what's in the picture I posted).
Can't say to much. We just got here and its pur first time here.
Wow,  spent $65 for breakfast. Service was poor, food was worst.
Use caution on the wheel of fortune slots. Just lost 150 :(
Never gamble at 7am
Play wheel of fortune!
The panerama suite is unreal minus the showers
The shower feels like someone is urinating on your head because of the "piss" poor pressure
Amazing new architecture
Elvis cirque show worth seeing at least once
Love this hotel! You can use the Wynn pools too!
If you're looking to buy alcohol for pre party, go OFF the strip to a mom n pop liquor store on Tropicana or something...half the price!!!
Marriott Grand Chateau at the rooftop bar waiting for the fireworks.
Very nice!
wowww! im luvin' dis place!!
Ask about the 3 bedroom suite 2,000+ sqft.
Awesome place for lodging.
Great place to stay in Vegas!
Shop at the forums!
This place has wonderful views, kitchens with fridge, dishwasher and washer/dryers! No room service but does have a marketplace to load up your kitchen. Get the highest floor possible! ")
Take advantage of the pools, total rewards program and use the capabilities of charging to your room from other properties (like Paris) and use the Facebook discounts!! In addition,  check out the hangover movie memorabilia by the parking elevators.  Best time to check in is at 12:30pm :)
Make sure to get the top floor in the back to see the mountain view...cute pool and a BBQ station and make full use of the full kitchen :)
Pick this Marriott if you want to be right "in" ASU territory!!! I had room 408 and had A mountain for a view with the old mill!!! There is ample sitting room for morning breakfast and wifi is free!!! Dont forget to put your key card in the wall slot for power :)
This place is awesome!
Free wifi. But a bit spotty depending on your location.
It's central location makes it a great head quarters for exploring the Strip.
Great location (within 2 blocks of BoA Stadium where the Panthers play), but parking garage is a claustrophobic affair. Leave the Hummer at home.
Great hotel! One block from the strip. I'm enjoy our stay here!
Look but don't buy.
Nice Facility, Non-smoking, very close to the strip.
If you're already in the Marriott family for time shares, stay here. If not, find a connection (family, friends, whatever). The Grand Chateau is *SO* much better then any traditional hotel.
Excellent hotel: beautiful lobby, bar, coffee stop, great fitness facility! The room was awesome, spacious, comfortable and clean. Location is prime and we loved that there isn't a casino inside. The best part? Customer service was off the chain! Can't wait to come back!
Room 2423&2424 are perfect for 3 couples.
Me and my Friends
Steer clear of the manager, Jonnie, at all costs. She is the rudest employee of any business I've ever had the displeasure of dealing with.  See my review for more details.
This is a time share hotel! The rooms are nice.
They have activities everyday for the family!
Did not know there was a Hash hash a go go in this place!
Best Vegas hotel I have ever stayed in. Balcony overlooking Bellagio fountain.
Usually on the higher priced side but staying mid-week with discounted price through Expedia mobile app gave me great rate for a 1 night getaway!
Don't know yet
HRH towers are awesome
Beautiful spacious spa in the luxurious desert oasis .
Recycled Percussion is an amazing show!!
Relaxing at the pool.
Very clean hotel. Big rooms with full kitchen and free breakfast!
Great breakfast !!
One of the better hotels I've ever stayed at.  enjoy the amenities
Best hotel on the strip hands down.
Goodnight! :D
This is not the Stage Deli I love and remember from NYC. The Carnegie deli in the Mirage is more on point.
Beautiful.
Gonna be a long crazy night. Wish us luck!
Last day on the job!!
Won $90!
Book a suite overlooking the Bellagio fountains
No casino which is great! Close to airport, so there is some noise, but a great value. Rooms are super awesome for families or those who want a fridge, micro and refrigerator. Rooms are very clean and bright. Good "homey" feel. Nothing fancy but has all you need.  Will definitely stay here again.
Amazing!!!
Great boutique hotel in the heart if Scottsdale. Rooms are really cool and contemporary. Great pool and bar area!!
Incredible service
Such a good smell in here! Only 2 weeks old
Chillin with the Cousins.
The Hot mule is sizzling!!!
Check out time
Fuckin Yum...
Oh Boy.
Lavo is cracking! (W bottles cuz otherwise its too packed)
My new favorite place to stay on the Strip!
Eric and Kristina's wedding
Let the party begin
I am so in love with the pool & the lazy river! We are having a blast!
Need to have a Parking permit to park your car
Quiet and off the strip
Watch panda!! The new cutest show on the strip! :)
Great food and nice people. A very affordable place to eat on Las Vegas strip.
Do not stay at this hotel! It took us 5 hours to get a fridge delivered to our room for my cousin's medication! We called the front desk 4 times and they said they didn't see an order. When we finally got our fridge, it took them half an hour from the fourth call! SERVICE HERE IS A JOKE!
checking in :)
Small but nice with great service
Get a suite!  I've never stayed in a standard room because the suites are so great!
Great hotel!  Great service!  Love my suite and my view!
Brand new!
SsSwweeeeettt suite! Super nice chillin after gettin to Vegas super fast & waitin for my girls
Plush.
Amazing suites, outstanding room service, and professional staff. The attention to detail was superb!
Best hotel in the strip love the decor and view from balcony suite!
I'm impressed with the rooms in the newer towers - they're a lot larger than your typical Vegas room. The bathrooms are spacious (separate shower) with nice marble and the room design and decor are all modern and fresh.
Ask and ye shall receive. Nice front desk staff
Decent price, great selection.
Good Sunday Brunch!
T-bone Tuesday & Scampi Thursday!!
Food is ok service sucks and house keeping is a joke!  That's a close up of one of our pillows.
Champagne brunch is $10.99 (B connected price) $11.99 (regular) on Saturdays & Sundays
This place is awesome... Best breakfast!!!   Everyone should try it!!!
Decent beds, ok rooms.  Sleep and play, basics ok.  Not good at comps.
Their parking lot gets backed up frequently at the entry point. So be prepared to sit patiently.
The even numbered rooms face the freeway and the cars that drone by while the odd numbered rooms face Main Street and may pick up some noise from Fremont Street.
Unprofessional cocktail waitresses and floor staff I will never come here again !
Good food great price!
HeLLoo Tahiti Village!..LaZy river here I come!!..like my homeboy Manuel R.I.P use to say its time to PaRTy Paa!!
PV dinner is where it's @!!
Ask for a second floor room.  The views are breathtaking!
Got the presidential suite. Lovely and spacious.
Only been here for an hour and I am so relaxed
Strongly consider the superior alternatives in the area such as the Phoenician, JW Marriott, or Four Seasons.  This place costs as much but does not deliver anywhere near that quality.
Wouldn't go back if they game me the room for free. Completely isolated and it can take quite awhile for Uber to even find the entrance to the property, let alone arrive within 20+ minutes.
Funny how a yelper advised the "Do Not Disturb" button was meaningless because the housekeeper went right in anyway, because we actually pressed for "House Keeping" button but nobody came.. I guess neither buttons works. It's probably just for the look. Ha!
Happy birthday Chris!
Find the entrance before you park. Valet is not necessary.
Dont go until remodeling is complete.  Not nice & loud @ 5am doing construction. Smells bad in hallways and elevator is rickety
Kitchy! Not perfect but adorable and funky. Love the room and the water wall! Cant wait to do the roofdeck at sunset...
Wi-fi is kind of crappy. The rest is nice.
Ask for your $20 gift card (per night) when you check out. It's part of their nightly fee, according to their site (on the guest rooms page)
Awesome from the start Free mini bar after 10, free wifi, salt water pool, huge hot tub. Only bad is fitness center old equip
Awesome hotel w/ a friendly staff
Love this place!
Our super cool & trendy stop for the night! (And very gay friendly)
Great place for a quick escape.
Quaint rooms.quiet add relaxing
Overpriced
Nothing special about this place, I guess you get what you pay for. Seems like everything is broken here. My no smoking room smells like smoke.
Comfortable rooms. Hip and trendy hotel. I love the pool area.
Parking is no problem. In the free guest lot with a number of covered spaces. There are several electric charging stations as well.  If you like quiet,  ask for a corner room.  Take advantage of the snack buckets from the front desk.   Venture up to the roof,  a beautiful view,  end of the week music and beverage are a great treat during the season. Plus the Cafe Tranquilo provides a great source for the breakfast which is included when you stay here.
The junior suites on the first floor have outstanding privacy.  Each room is furnished a little differently.  The employee are welcoming and friendly. You feel like you are with a welcoming family.
Complimentary snacks, soda, bike rental, breakfast voucher, free parking, free glass of wine during wine hour (5-6pm). What more can you ask for?
My room came with a mini fridge. Also has Meyers soap which is a very nice touch. Free Wi-Fi
Very nice hotel, I love it....
Hotel is beautiful, rooms are clean, spacious and very well done. I love the quiet and peace away from the craziness of the casinos.
VEGAS'!!!!  Ordering room service now for snacks until New Years...
This place is so awesome!!
The best place to call your home away from
On the strip but off the strip if that makes any sense. Quieter hotel than most on the strip.
Omg. This is the most beautiful property I've ever seen.
Goodbye signature. It's been amazing
Don't try checking in at MGM Grand...you can't. And it's a very long walk with luggage
Vegas!!!
Made it to the hotel!!
This place is a black hole for Internet and cell service ahhhh
Definitely a BIG step up from the Excalibur!
It's now Hilton Grand Vacations (Elara).
Stay here.  7 star service. Concierge has excellent tickets.
Fancy pants!
Don't stay here! Nice room, but that's it. Staff very poor at problem solving, food mediocre (raw bacon), difficult to get promised credits from bookit.com.
Nap time after drinking all day. Good thing this suite is slightly off the strip so it's quieter!!!
Super. We will be back!
Great place, Great Customer Service, housekeeping, and great view of the strip from 31st floor. Most importantly, great price for everything listed above!
Very nice spacious room with lots of amenities!
#amazeballs
Nice!
Good Gambling!!!
The family was having a great time at the pool until two people started banging in the jacuzzi.  As if that wasn't bad enough, they moved the festivities to the pool where our kids were swimming. Mind you, this was the "kid friendly" pool!  It took everyone getting out of the pool until the staff said anything to the couple! Bad call!
PH suites are beautiful. However, pullout bed blankets had stains. Extra towels and shampoo cost $15/person/night.
When checking out on a Sunday around 11am, bring your valet slip before checking out
Join M-life, charge everything to the room and always use it if your gambling. I only used mine a few times and still got $$ off the room. We would have gotten more if we charged more to the room.
You are required to valet your car, I'd rather self park.
It's very conveniently connected to the MGM hotel. No need to walk outside!!!
Great place for a quiet stay, especially for a family. Loved the kitchen, baths and overall comfort.
I love this hotel
Be sure to ask for a room away from elevator. It can be really loud.
Takes a few minutes to get a taxi and can seem longer. Valet's are helpful and fast!
Beautiful suite, good place to share with a group
Everyone is so friendly here
nice hotel. not far from the strip. enjoyed my stay here
By far the best stay in LV.
Call.valet from room before leaving so you get your car faster if not expect to wait about 5 minutes
Blonde guy at the front desk was rude and seemed bothered by guests.
If you're not driving, make sure you stay in tower 1!
First time here upgraded to The penthouse suite!
Ask for an odd number room- it faces the strip
Suites with a balcony overlooking the strip.... Phenomenal!
Goodbye caesars :( stay here was okay, you can pretty much walk everywhere! I love the aria, vdara the best tho!!
*** update ***  It has been over a week since i emailed them but mo response.
Simply the best
Best Best Best. ..whatelse?!love the room, the view, the pool...My fave the waterwall pool the staff.from Italy to vegas...signature is the best way!
Please clean better, do some upgrades and fix the broken stuffs!
Since each room has a kitchenette, order food and drinks from Vons Grocery store. They will give you a free delivery for first time delivery customers. You will pay regular grocery store prices and they will bring it to your door. Perfect for saving money on alcohol and food!
They pass out small bottles of water. Take them all. A regular bottle of Dasani in their sundry store is more than $5.
Amazing room with a private balcony and gorgeous view! Flawless stay.
Worst hotel. Customer service, gym, policy and food. Never again.
Worst valets in Vegas. We had 40 minute waits for our car out front. What a joke.
Casino and smoke free. Perfect for families with younger children.
HUGE MISTAKE! When we first arrived they would not allow us to valet park because the room was in the bachelorette's name even when they called her they told her she must arrive in person! I ordered room service and was charged 3 times! I checked out and left two dresses in the room in the closet called same day and was told nothing was turned in.... Was told they couldn't do anything about it but file a lost and found report ...poor customer service and thieving staff !!! Will never return ....
Get a room with a balcony! It is worth the extra money.
Watch your bill. Most likely it will be extra charge for the upgrade you did not get.
You can request bathrobes (no charge) but they don't have room slippers (those really thin papery ones that hotels usually have). The floors get very cold. You can cook but request pots/pans. Bring bubble bath and bath bombs for the jacuzzi. I didn't do all these. Maybe next time, lol.
Fantastic place to stay!!!! Clean, comfortable, plush! All with a great price.
The rooms are large and beautifully appointed. Mini kitchen and a huge jacuzzi tip as well as a shower. Enough off the strip to be quiet but close enough for plenty to do and see
Registration is long but complimentary water while waiting.
Very nice, away from the strip though. Place looks very tropical.
They offer a 10% discount if you have a AAA card! It really helped bring the cost down for our suite.
Checking out today... It's been great, Vegas!!!!
I will let the pictures do justice to the room 24-617
Nice hotel however, customer service has been a complete nightmare.
Our room has an unbearable scent of Doritos and Indian food. Not impressed.
Nice location, probably due for a remodel.
Only valet parking here.  Must self park at MGM and walk over 10 mins to the Signature lobby.
Poor food.  Not taste.  A major let down
Good coffee.
Very friendly staff.
At first glance, lovely. Can't wait to explore.
Must get a drink at the chandelier bar.
FYI - by 4 pm the main pool is the shade. Bummer.
We were in town for a swim meet and the location of the Blake was perfect. However, I think the $13.00 a day parking should be complimentary not extra. There should be free wifi like all other hotels in the area. The Blake is still a work in progress and hope to see more upgrades. The elevators were old and got us stuck a few times which needs addressed ASAP. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Not sure if we will stay here again next year or not.
Sunday night and it's still poppin.
Note the DISCLAIMERS for the included internet with your outrageous Resort Fee!
Palm Place one ups AT&T claims UNLIMITED = 1mb free/12 hour. When does a day have only 12 hours?
Rooms are nice. They use Bee Kind products plus you get 2 free bottles of water in your room per day.
They force you to valet your car and they are so disorganized and short staffed. Been waiting for our car forever and we texted them in advance. This is absolutely ridiculous.
Park near the west elevator to be near the front desk and elevators!
Ultra high end!!! Must visit!  The view from the 23rd floor is breathtaking.
Deja Vu at the Palms Place pool
The Arco gas station on the same block is super cheap! At least $0.60-$0.80 less than other gas stations!!
$5 craps table on a friday night...only at The M! :D
No good on craps today. :(
$5 craps on the weekends :D
Amazing hotel with Old Town within walking distance. Great deal on Hotels.com
Here's a tip : don't stay in room 508 for a while. The sink filled up and overflowed over night...
Check out the courtyard it's a nice place to chill
Rebecca at the front desk is a nutcase.
Love this bar!
Quite and peaceful
No in room coffee and AT&T signal is weak
Pools were perfect For the kids - food and drinks were a bit pricey at the pool but not the end of the world
nice, clean, and friendly
Nice place!!
$13 for valet?! Aren't we in Vegas this should be complimentary
Located across from gate D1
Rooms are not well kept.
Thank you for a lucky day at the roulette table!!!
Nap time...
Nap time!
Best Hotel experience in Las Vegas.
Customer service was great! I was stuck over night here in Chicago so my wife searches on the internet and found this place on the cheap that would honor their online rate in person. They were even nice enough to give me a toothbrush and toothpaste as my personal items were stuck in limbo between flights.
Live music at the pool!
Checking into our suites!
Thanks to my friend Jonathan for the hook up!
Spencer turns 21 and my friend Jonathan hooked him up for the weekend at the W in Scottsdale!
Smells so good to be smoke free!
Why is there no buffet here?
Thier happy hour only consists of beer but if you actually gamble in the high limit rooms, drinks are free like in Vegas.
Testing my luck!
Came up $450 on craps and roulette. Player points. :)
Lobby area smells like someone was smoking marijuana.
Great drinks (: beautiful bartenders!!!
They have a huge drapped cloth over the sign put front that reads "changes are coming". I wouldn't mind ao much the dumpy-ness of this place if I wasn't paying $130 a night. My silver lining?  I'm only here ONE night!! Ugh. No Flat Screen Tv. No view. And no ceiling in the bathroom.
Soo pretty!
Basic hotel for crashing at after a day on the strip.
Beautiful place!
Rick's Cafe for breakfast...eat outside
Place is a ghost town.
If you love Raggae then you will LOVE this place!!!
Reggae in Vegas. Don't bother showing up before 1 am.
Upgrade to a casita. Prepare to be nickel and dimed for everything; wifi, newspaper, coffee.
Clean rooms. Nice pools. Avoid the Point  in Thyme restaurant for dinner which is pricey with uneven quality; a poor value.
Amazing
This resort blows! Been to many Fairmont properties and this is a twilight zone version. After dealing with a manager that essentially blew us off, I wrote a complaint email and stopped at complaint #9 because I got tired of typing. Don't waste your $400 a night to stay here.
Amazing is an understatement.   Be sure to enjoy the spa and the pools
The waiters at the pool are great!!
Love this pool
This resort hired us through a contractor to install a door. We have not been paid. The resorts response "not my problem" Please take your business to another resort that will be involved to see vendors paid.
As much as I would like to say my stay here was great...,it was AWFUL. I won't bore you with every detail but I will say the service (at all three pools) is terrible.not to mention the huge bug/ant problems at the pools. Normally, we stay at the Westin Kierland - where I have always had great experiences (and they actually treat you like a valued guest) but we thought we would give the Princess a try. Big mistake, we won't be back. EVER.
I'm a fan!  Work outdid themselves booking this place.
Beautiful grounds
The holidays here are amazing. Nightly tree lights synced w music, Christmas carolers, ice skating, train, lake with lighted palm trees...its stunning. Bring cash...but YOLO, right?? (You only live once)!
Great hotel for our company's conference amazing!!!
Amazing spa services! Great customer service and attentive staff.
Do not let this hotel put you in building E or anywhere near the plaza lobby bar... unless you enjoy music blasting out your window until midnight while trying to put your eight month old to sleep
Sewage smell comes through the double doors and windows. Horrible customer service.
Not a spa connosieur, but best one I've been to.  Bit pricey but worth it.
Early check in for free from 2 to 4 with the rewards card. If you check in during the evening before prepared for a long wait!   The layout is confusing at first,  so ask the employees - -  the signage only helps in spots. We started in two rooms and found them to be very nice for the price.
Great room , Great Action , Ladies everywhere !!!
Book through their website to get the mobile check in option. It's worth saving the time you'll spend at the check-in line
Nothing like having a breakfast burrito smothered in chili in front of a fire on top of Mt. Charleston. 22 degrees.
Great split pea and ham soup!!
Avoid the chili.  It tastes like it came out of a can.  I had the Cobb salad which was really good and the pizza is a pretty good bet.  The ambience is really nice, exposed beams and high ceilings make this a very enjoyable spot to enjoy a meal on a chilly day.
classy digs.
Sweeet jacuzzi for two!
Sit at the bar for all games on Sunday.
Do not, under any circumstances, stay here. Old, dirty, smelly and uncomfortable. The renovations are simply putting lipstick on a pig.
Il wifi  gratuito e funziona molto bene. La piscina  piccola e la SPA  praticamente una pozza ma tutto sommato fa piacere entrarci dopo una lunga giornata in giro con temperature oltre i 40*
Hotel check-in
Waiting to check in our timeshare!
Great respite from smokey casinos... Wish there were better food options on-site!
Free pick up drop off shuttle to and from Harrahs only.
I love this place
Never come here it's just nasty
Never come here
Bank Shot girls APA billiard team is now #1 . They won the Championship in Las Vegas tonight!
Back again!
Overcharged and when spoke with manager was told sorry but no refund for overcharge
Money was stolen from wallets that were left behind in the room when we went out! Not just 1 person, but 5 ppl were missing money. Be careful!
Great rooms, better than the 5-star
Horrible service. The attendants at the front desk are glued to their computers & don't acknowledge or even greet visitors. Very snobby!
Awesome place.  We visit on a regular basis.
If you're younger,  you can easily get out of a sales pitch by saying you're under 25. My family has me check in to make the process faster and easier. Checked in to our 2 br lock off in 5 min.
Do not sign up for anything! They have nasty STAFF, People at the desks are awesome! The little creepy girl with fake lashes is not nice! Poo Poo Face, meanies!
We loved the 24hr jacuzzi!
Major theft problem with staff.
My only tip Is be mindful in the parking lot. It's a huge resort with a big lot ... but people are people so some drive crazy and you may have to park a bit of a distance but. .it's vegas so that expected. ..
Always clean. Friendly staff.
Wine reception Friday-Sunday from 2-4pm
Zero stars. This place has been closed for at least a year. We heard that The Holiday Inn bought it and are renovating it.
Band downstairs in lobby is very good
The service here was fantastic, the pool table great and the light fixtures should win an award!
The bar is pricey $$$!!
Nice hotel!  Location, rooms, pool, staff etc meet my expectations.
The Bad: 10 year renovation in year 3. Lots of work still to do. Not really a business friendly hotel, charging $10 a day for wifi over the $140+ per night fare.  The Good: great bed, pillows, linens and towels. 10 min casual walk to the uptown bars and Restaraunts
No coffee maker...no room service....no stay again!
Great beds! Ask for a room on the west side though. The blinds don't do a great job of blocking out the morning sun.
Great location for those who enjoy running outside. The rooms are nice and the atrium is... basic.
over here at the price is right show with my bestie!
Pool is torn up and won't be fixed for quite awhile.
Pool is fixed
check in at 209am is cool
Favorite resort in Vegas!
Happy Birthday Michael! Bottoms up!
Beach boys live tonite
Pool for locals   $10
Bingo
They will be remodeling soon.
Love this place!
Cool...spacious
Someone broke into our room and went through our stuff. Don't stay here if you value your safety
wow!!!
Happy hour until 7 pm.
Closed for the summer- until Oct 1st 2013!
Room is fucking awesome.
First impressions are everything. The women's restroom is disgusting.
The ahi tacos and crab tacos are to die for!
Very nice hotel. Excellent choice
Nice rooms and atmosphere.  Slowwwww (paid) wifi though.
Good location. Decent service. Loud loud rooms. Honestly have not been won over by the property.
Very nice
Any room is nice here!!!
Ok--great bkfst
Hotel staff is exceptional.
$27 to park and have to pay for wifi
$36 to park now.
Hotel in nice area, everything's in walking distance.  I fly to Phoenix often for sporting events and business. Check your credit card a day or two after you check out because they charged my credit card twice.
They know how to throw a party!
Nice hotel but valet is atrocious.
The accommodations are really comfortable & spacious !!!!
Food court run. Feelin like clam chowder.
Decent room, but nothing else (no food/drinks/casino)
Drinks can be expensive but it's a resort!
Love Red Rock! One of the best "off-Strip" casinos.
Most UNFRIENDLY resort to locals in town. Tourists, beware, this hotel is 30 minutes from the Strip. Local residents? Stay away!!
Great theater!
Xmen at 4:40
OAR
The Pool Cafe!
Mini Vacation!
Drinks come quicker in the Keno area ;)
Made it to Las Vegas!
Big money!
Take advantage of the hotel shuttle! The hotel is 25 min away from the strip, so you can save aprox 60 bucks in ground transportation...
Really nice and classy resort off the strip
Wow this place is nice
It is about 10 miles away from the strip but it is pretty nice in a good area.  Family friendly.
Best banquet food anywhere.  Especially loved the edamame spoonfuls at our pm break.
Park away from the fwy, it's closer to concierge
Bowling alley is a trip but lots of fun
Super nice bowling alley
Awesome pool!
Don't go! Get home 1 star and this is after 2 tries.
Do not go to Red Rock...staff there gave my room away and refused to get me another room when I arrived late after telling them I would arrive late.  I paid for two nights and they took my $ (with Groupon getaway).  Then they would not give my money back or give me a room for the 2nd night after I arrived and told them I was arriving on 2nd night.  Red Rock and Groupon are unethical businesses.  Go to another hotel and Do Not use Groupon Getaway deals...buyer beware....jack in San Diego.
WAS a happy guest for many years. Last two trips customer service has gone downhill. On our last trip after guaranteeing our rooms and confirming that we would have the two connecting rooms we required, they had no connecting rooms 5 hours later.  Hotel manager wouldn't talk to us about the problem. Love the rooms and convenience of the hotel but will never gamble or stay here again!
TBD
Had a great stay. Fantastic alternative to the craziness of the strip.
Try Capriottis inside
Good spot
Customer Service is the kink in the armor at this place. Rude staff. 3 days I stayed here and consistently I was treated poorly.  Update: 2014-July-13:  I posted this picture months ago. I love how that several people have contacted me to say that they had a similar experience as I had.  The management, nor the social media director for the Red Rock has yet to contact me. This tells me that they have no concern for customers on Yelp, or on Twitter, or on Facebook.
I like the environment....not too much cigarette smoke blah
Come early to get a good seat and eat before service is SLOW!!!!
$100 daily deposit
Great place for families. Very kid friendly. Amazing amenities. The downside, dippy, unprofessional, inattentive cabana girls. I guess because they automatically add an 18% gratuity to your orders, the girls think they don't have to be courteous. Other than that important fact, it's a cool spot. Not to crowded, off the beaten path, & affordable, but they definitely need training on customer service!!!
Great place to be...very friendly staff
*
Pool is cool. Very pretty!
Do not get pizza from the food court. I ordered a pizza and it had a cigarette in it. Asked for a new one and the guy said "we don't smoke". Customer service is the best ( not) from the minute you walk in to Bally's!!!
Came in for their lunch buffet on Friday afternoon. If you get the Boarding Pass the price of the buffet is $8.99!!! So cheap!
It's was almost $70 to get here from the airport. May sure to check out their shuttle. It's included as part of your stay! Their car rental rates are pretty good too. Cheaper than cabbing it.
Great place off the strip. One hour away from skiing
Not the best hotel for someone who needs to be away from smoke. The casino seems to be all smoking.
Get your boarding pass for discounts at the buffet and kids quest!
I don't always go to the movies, but when I do, I go here.
Its cool
Great family resort about 15-20 min from the Strip.
Love this place. Love the spa
The jack hammering is annoying!!
Use your key card at the elevators to access the upper floors. I watched so many stand there for a long time and didn't notice the small sign instructing them to do so.
You must go to the bel desk one half hour before shuttle departures to the strip or airport and get a ticket for the shuttle.  The shuttle does fill up and you may denied a ride if you don't have a ticket.
An Uber car can pick you up at the hotel.  It's cheaper than a cab.  Uber cars will take you to the airport but you cannot get an uber at the airport.
if you exit the hotel from the lobby entrance (multiple exits) and keep to your right you will run into a big shopping center called downtown Summerlin. It's about a 3 minute walk from the hotel lobby.
Use the Eastside Parking for hotel
Make sure to bring a players card to save a few dollars on buffet price. If you dont have one you can get a stations card free at the players card center. Every dollar served is an extra dollar in your pocket!
Relaxed during the week
Movie theatre and dinner
My sister from California was in town and we decided
Beautiful resort with casino and spa. Let your kids go bowling or movies while you gamble.  Lots of eating places.
Great restaurants and bingo is a blast!
Your cage workers are rude, lazy and Unknowledgeable
Bring your own coffee machine - no coffee in room. Will need to go all the way downstairs to Starbucks to get your daily dose of caffeine.
Nice casino
I'm in love with this Hotel! Simply  Beautiful
If traveling from the airport on 215, exit on W Sahara Ave., then drive north on Hughes Park Drive. By doing this you can avoid the sometimes crazy north parking lot.
Free parking here but try to find shade out of that LV heat!
Lucille s bar b que. Is always the best . The smoking and flavor are always on point
Use free valet parking. Do not park in the garage as cars get broken into. If you use Kids quest, feed them before you go!
I have emailed my info.Thanks Jason
The pool here was so nice I can't wait to go back
Do not spend 1000's here because they treat you like a piece of trash.
Don't go here. Go to Rampart Casino.  They had there 40 anniversary and I hope they don't make it to 41.
Friday's in July... Yummy  Buffet:: All you can eat crab legs hot or cold, prime rib & shrimp! Awesome Service from Diego
Great pool. Lots of palm trees, plenty of chaise lounges, nice architecture. Very relaxing.
"G"law55:-[ 8~1~@
Deli and snakes was OK....they cook to temp Patty melt.....was delicious....
I love this place! Great staff, food and rooms!
No hot water broiler and coffee machine in the room
Always check your credit statement against your actual bill at Check Out for PHANTOM charges.
Slow wifi
Only stay if they have a special. Decent room and staff. Regular price is about $50, good price is about $35. They also charge resort fees now.
About a mile and a half from The Strip. Might as well get some excercise while you are here.
You Must Stay Here if you happen to be in the Phoenix area.
Try the Tata Tini 2.0 during the month if October and a portion of the proceeds benefit the Arizona Institute For Breast Health!  Smirnoff Raspberry Sorbet Vodka, St. Germain, Rose and Hibiscus Liqueur -- yumm.
Awesome urban hotel!
Hot but lovely!!!
Happy hour 5-7
Clean, new...no arguments.
Don't be that Guy (sunglasses pink popped collar or low cut vneck)
People go to Vegas to play beer pong?? Go to college like the rest of Americans, ya losers!
Quick update- they don't have the lip balm anymore. Sadness.
Event catered food is crap.  Service....ha, what service. Parking is a joke unless you want to pay an arm & a leg for valet.
Extra Resort Fees :-( fr 3 Tage 75$  Muss man extra bezahlen auch wenn man keinen Fitnessroom braucht, wer braucht den in Vegas schon.
Super. Poker Room
My tip is to try the breakfast buffet at the beach club. There is a nice selection of various items and an omelet station. The pool is nice But stay away from the frozen drinks.  My pia colada tasted like cough syrup. The salads very disappointing too.
Looks good! Great parking, uses the same system as Century City mall.
Two thumbs down! Stay away!
Reasonable rate. Upgraded to jr. Suite complimentary. Good service. Decent size room.
Not sure if I am diggin' the Shawshank Redemption suite....    kinda strange having letters to Andy Dufrene....
Guinness is on tap at the southside bar.
My second home
The ceiling had pubes??
Vegas locals plays here.
tropi Fridays are the best
Don't expect prompt service at the casino bars.... Or any service at all for that matter
Best room for the price anywhere in the US.
If a quiet night's sleep is your goal, seek your repose elsewhere.
Read my review.
Enjoying some sake session!! Chee yawps!!
Cabo wabo cantina...it rocks
It sucks
Don't pay extra for the balcony room. They are not worth it. If you don't like noise...make sure you ask if the room next to yours has one staying in there. There were a lot of people with dogs when we stayed there.
Don't go here!
Check in at 4 check out at 10. welcomes pets for an extra 30 bucks (25+tax). Very limited amenities.
It's an OK place to check out! The lodge up at the very top is a little more quaint.
Hellooo! We're here!
Vegas!!!!
3rd floor away from stomping footsteps above.
Parking seems inconvenient. Not connected to the hotel lobby.
Nice job, Apple. This place is as swanky as it looks on the web site!
Great bday staycation! Love the room.
This hotel is awesome!  Very swanky and the staff is the best. Lots of fun awaits!
If you find a rate online walk up and see if they can beat it! Ask first, before revealing your hand.
Beware some of the rooms don't have bathtubs and the front desk guy (Andy) will be really snotty if you ask for a room with a tub. Customer service :-(
Killer place But if you stay here you can't use the pool on Saturdays.  Its for Registered Guests only. ?????
The gym's open 24/7, perfect if you find yourself jetlagged and in need of a run at 05:00AM. They stock it with spa water, towels and ear buds so you need only bring yourself.
Don't forget to check out the pool!
Totally overpriced a nd over hyped. Much better hotels for cheaper in same area.
I had a great experience here.
Roaches and the most catty security guards on earth.   Ridiculous.
Amazing hotel...check it out
For free WiFi, login at Starbucks in the lobby. Once you do that, WiFi is free for 24 hrs at a time throughout the entire resort!
Just here for one night.  Be prepared for the hilly terrain.
It too cold to go into the pool
Cabana is totally worth it!
Nice!!
Not a place I would ever come back. Terrible customer service and horrible attitudes.
If u are tavelling w little kids.  Ask to not have a mountainside room.  Its difficult to navigate them and all their stuff at steep inclines!
Wifi costs 16 dollars.... Really?!?!?!?
Welcome to MEXICO. Just sayin...... Dare you.
Horrible night. No sleep due to locals partying.
Charges:  Hotel will charge you $75/day for incidental charges. If you booked with debit, it'll take about a week depending on your bank, to be posted back. If you book with CC, it should be released the next business day (depending on your card).
Room was great until we saw a scorpion in our room. Seriously?
Damp, old, and definitely not a resort by any stretch of the inagination
BED BUGS. I HAD BED BUGS. I saw them and I had bites. Hotel denied it.
bed bugs!
trust the bartenders recommendation on their specialty cocktails. delish.
Aaaaaahhhhh! No kids, ultimat lemonade and a Perrier....life is bueno
Most bitchiest casino hosts I have ever ever experienced... At 3am!!
Concierge gets things done
Bunch of Dodger prospects staying here.
Check in early, for a really great upgrade!!
Get to the pool early to get chairs with shade as there aren't as many umbrellas as one would expect for AZ.
Hot tubbing!
Great place!
Very nice people!! Beautiful hotel
Great pool and great food!
Get over yourselves uptight parents! Those of us without unruly brats need a cocktail or two to deal with them.
Very clean and a lot of pool. Great for family vacation but not for couples.
Place is so clean. Great service and spacious I love this hotel
More of a laundry list of "beware of" issues:  Dirty pools Broken jacuzzis due to pool leak Broken doors Cable not working  Minimal towels at the smaller pools. Limited amenities  Security everywhere however support staff is minimal. No camp and minimal kids activities  Casita floor plan and building quality issues  Overdone, dried out food  Stay at your own risk!  Room service order shorted Lack of knowledge from employees BAD attitudes.
The unassuming Italian restaurant, Tutti Santi, in the little strip mall right down the road from the hotel is AMAZING. Reasonably priced and their red sauce is perfection. Hand made fresh gnocchi. I can't say enough. Also The Brown Bag in the same strip mall great for breakfast and lunch.
Don't stay here!
Great customer service. Beautiful property. Perfect location.
Can't recommend this place to anyone if you want your room cleaned.
Get a coupon from The Sunday magazine for a 2 for 1 deal buffet
Stay for the breakfast !!
Don't forget to validate parking. Once you do you can use the ticket through your whole stay.
No casino
The drive sucks, glad we are here!
Free wifi, free parking, and free breakfast!! But don't bring food here because there is no fridge in your room!
Self Parking gets really, really hard in the evenings. If just visiting do Valet trust me. As a guest coming back late,   BACK 40 ALL THE TIME!!!!
Located walking distance from a huge, nice shopping area
Mini fridge in room!
Wooohooo Vegas!!!
Yay!!!!
Their self parking is SUPER far from the hotel registration, so valet all the way!
"This isn't the real Caesar's Palace is it?"
Getting ready for the Final Four.
The hangover real life begins
We made it.  Massage time.
We r check in.   :)
this isnt the real caesars palace is it?
It's defy pager friendly here.
Slip the front desk a $20 and get a free upgrade!!!!
Swim bitch
Time to get away from it all.
Elton John!
All I do is win win win!!!! No matter what!
Checking in :D
Palms restaurant has prime rib end cuts. Biggest steak I have ever had.  Man vs. Food; food won.
It's a bit hard to navigate and hard to find things. Signage could use a bit work. O.o
Forum shops quite possibly the most expensive retail I've ever seen. Love the vastness of this place!
Shinanigans begins
Let get this Mothers Day Massacre over with
Meeting up with Roy Hong!
The mojitos from the stand by the Spanish stairs are amazing! Pricey but worth it :-)
Don't ask casino attendant, Christy (older Filipino lady) for assistance...very nasty and rude.
Allow for up to two hours to check in. Unbelievable.
Asked for extra towels and after waiting 30-40min I walked outside and this really nice housekeeping lady gave us towels and stuff.
Foodcourt people look super understaffed. Its been 20min and we still haven't gotten our food. 21 & up area have mean people running it & won't card everyone, only if you look young, which is BS, card everyone if you're going to be "checking".
Wow, fucking gross. We were packing up to leave and our friend pulled his bag down from the top of the tv cabinets (we stayed in Roman Tower, 14th floor) and a CONDOM fell down off the cabinet. Called front desk to complain and they just tried to take $61 off our bill for a 2 minute phone call. BS.
UPDATE: manager came up and pretty much looked like he didn't believe us and we got a phone call saying wed get $50 off because of a long-distance phone call. We stayed 5 nights and the room was super dusty and unclean for a $50 off compensation? Never staying here again.
If you're ballin' this is a pretty nice place! The cabanas and service are amazing and the BLT, fruit bowls, and melon wrapped in priscuitto are soooo yummy! Pia colada was so tasty :)
No signal in the Octavius Tower...
Had great service, here for a meeting... I would come back for a leisure trip.
Rather disappointing when you end up having to sleep on a rollaway bed because your reservation request wasn't honored.
Security broke into my room at 2:30am because they double booked my room! Didn't knock or think to call the room?! They ask for my ID like I'm a criminal, mismanaged & disorganized. Stay away!
Ask for upgrades! Jakuzzi in our suite:D
Great pool!
Surprised the suites are not nicer. I paid for a deluxe tower room at maniacally and it was a nicer room and not a suite. Sort of odd. But location and price were good. No complaints just nothing to rave about
Longest drive I ever embarked on to arrive here!
Great room again in the Agustas tower! Thank you Dex
Forum tower is newer with an amazing room
Hip trendy cool
They comp Patron!
Wine isn't included, so bring those tiny rum bottles to Spike your free coke
Great rooms, location and no smokers
never stay here!!!!
Skevos Christou was not helpful at all
Staff here are rude and not help to any guest unless you are a platinum member
stay at mandalay bay not at caesar palace
Do not stay here
Worst place ever
This place sucks
Worst place in Vegas to stay
Never stay here
Bad service
They will not help or serve you unless you are a high roller
worst customer service ever!!!!!!!
You can stay at Hooters for $15 dollars a night and get a better experience than this place!!!
Worst Place to stay!!!!!
They own Planet Hollywood, Flamingo, Ballys, Harvey's and more casinos.... Do not stay at any of there hotels!!!!!
They lie to you and say that the resort fee is $28 dollars and does not include the pool!!!!
Do not stay here at all!!!!!
They don't care about the guest
do not stay here!!!!
It's a biggg circle!!!
Get to the pool early, the good chairs fill up fast
We received a free upgrade to a much nicer room although the view wasn't as nice. The room itself was very clean, fully stocked mini-bar, lounge chair and a nice big screen TV. The showe had 2 waterfall shower heads and a private door for the toilet. Amazing place.
Place use to be great, now you are just a #. Room ready but want to charge you $25 to check in before 3 PM.  BS just another way to up charge at this hotel! Stay somewhere else next trip!
The new buffet here is just awesome
I loved my vacation here with hubby and family. Me as hubby stayed in the newer Augustus Tower with Jacuzzi, and full amenities! Definitely upgrade.
Nothing like Caesars Palace
Has an organic roulette game! And excellent casino-side cocktails
Octavious Tower Room
There aren't a lot of black jack tables available after 4am except the more expensive tables ($15-$100+).   Watch out for weirdos around 4 or 5am. We've been confronted with several people who have had a little too much to drink & almost caused a fight with our culturally diverse group of 6.
Leave yourself 4hours to check in
Winner Winner, Chicken Dinner!!
Central!!!!
Try the $20 tip for the room upgrade. Works every time :-)
Our reservation was cancelled for some reason but the staff tried there best to help us out. Nice lobby and free wifi. Good location to
Some employees especially the valet has no manners... Ill rather pay more for the customer service at the Venetian
Idiots!!!!!!! Wyndham should think about hiring decent employees your a casino / hotel for Godsakes!
Horrible. PERIOD. staff are idiots and don't even know what the heck their downing. Comeon Wyndham your a casino. Shouldn't u have money to hire decent employees?Sad part is the only nice person I met was at the casino trying to recruit me! What a joke!DONT WASTE your valuable sleep/eat/playing time
Stay in the Octavius Tower. Beds are so comfy!
This place needs new management.  Nothing to eat past 11 pm. The cafe has 3 items for ridiculous price and they are out of ingredients of those items?!?!  Time for a new hotel manager!
There are Keurig machines in the deluxe rooms, but they charge $12 for a 4-pack of K-Cups. Bring in your own - much cheaper, and you can bring your favorite kind of coffee.
Loose slots!
Would not recommend this hotel. The facilities are less than expected given the price and the service is poor.
Always extravagant Always a pleasure I love the ambiance at this casino/hotel
The rooms are clean, but a little disappointing. View is below average, air conditioning is very old, furniture has seen much better days. Internet is only included for one device. That is a very new method to me to make money. Especially in the US.
Really bad rooms, doesnt live up to the reputation at all
Hotel has its own tattoo artist :)
Love this place! Rooms are awesome !!
The best! Don't waste your time around Vegas, stay at HERE!
Review is for the food court.Crowded, not enough workers.Lines are long and slow.
Stay somewhere else
Really friendly staff, but no military discount for the Celine Dion show!
Fabulous!!
Kind off a really big casino and hotel I would suggest looking at a map to see where your going. Forum shops are way in the back. The fat Tuesdays is there at the end!
Pretty Dope
Go to the Buffett
Easy check in
Augustus/Octavius Towers -- If you need water bottles, stop by The Laurel Collection located by Starbucks (right by the exit) for free bottles. Each person in your party can grab a few.
WARNING!!! ATTENTION FOR INTERNATIONAL TRAVELERS!!! SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT!!!! CHOSE DIFFERENT HOTEL!!! If someone has extension of the passport, please stay at any other hotel but this. My entire family was treated by staff very rude. I was told that US laws are not applicable in this hotel. And even if you have valid extended passport with valid US visa you are not allowed to play or be near gambling area. It was such a disappointment after paying thousands of dollars for the flight and hotel.
This is NOT the real Caesar's Palace!
Talking customer service and style , it's all right here
Valet and bell disk is bad reputation for this casino
be careful. my room was robbed today. the hotel fucked up and programmed our meth head neighbors access to our room with their room key. $8000+ gone.
I love this place! I love the forum shops as well!!
Caesar doesn't live here
Check-in time is not until 4pm.  I think they try to get you a room if it is ready when you check in earlier, but there is a high chance rooms are not ready before then.
Make sure the doors are locked right the two rooms we had seemed locked but all you needed was a push on the handle from outside & the doors opened
Decent place to stay at.
Worst costumer service, old stinky rooms, no service at the pool
Ensure you are ready for an experience of the Las Vegas lifestyle.  It's Hot and so much to see and do and not enough time.  The shows are awesome!!
Do not stay in the Roman Tower because it is very dated and you are lucky if you get you room cleaned. Very disappointing! They also leave the cleaning carts in the hall.
Don't stay here
The best casino to loose all your money lol.  The odds are never in your favor lol. It's a beautiful place though.
Baby Vegas!
don't waste your time here!!!  hotel staff are all obnoxious and borderline racist.  this is how we felt even at the damn food court.  it is like they all hate their job.
screw the high prices for the food here. use a delivery service like postmates or eat24 and get pretty much anything you need cheaper then onsite.
Marriott gold and platinum members have a seperate check in area behind the double doors,to the left right when you walk in to the hotel.
Great hotel, but huge and takes a bit of a while to get around.
Wow can they pour a good cocktail at the Coliseum!  That was one strong drink. Thank you!!!
Stay in the newly renovated Julius tower it is amazing! We had a great stay $
Great location  and casino  But as far as well run hotel. NOT !
Room was old and smelled like cigarettes.
Pro- Room is very nice and clean.  Con-Poor service
self checkin to avoid long lines
POOLS:  The pools were nice, but they close in the late afternoon/evening.  You should consider a cabana which runs $250-$1000 per day.  Or only use the pool in the morning until 11am and again from 3:30pm to 5pm.  There is smoking at the pool, but you can take a dip, exchange the towels, and move locations away from the cigar smokers around you.  Ninja skills preferred, but not required.  The food is also good at the pool.  Spent almost all day, every day out there.
Fireworks show was unimpressive - won't be back
Self check in and check out are a must.
Amazing hotel has everything you want! Nobu was a fantastic restaurant to go to!
It won't be done  Until the company take care of it serious
do not stay here  they have bed bugs!!!!! worst experience ever!
Do not get room in palace tower. Hall smells terrible.
Not happy with the service at the cage !! Very rude customer service from shelly !!
I found some "hair" under my pillow......... Unworth the price
There is a Bank of America ATM in the Forum shops. It is right next to a store called Kids Kastle.
Were here!!
Best self-parking garage. Easy in easy out.
No wi-fi.
Shuttle is only once an hour and ends at early at 12:30pm.
Superior in every way. Tried spa services and Twist this time. Not unlike the rest of this gorgeous facility their restaurants and spa match- Mandarin Oriental is worth the splurge!
Living up to the hype
Top floor/ 5th floor has a lot of noise on the roof and whistling from the wind.  Lower floors are quieter.
The elevator beeps at each floor which bugs if you are on a high floor.  Otherwise, awesome & very classy.
Love the 'Hello' and 'Goodbye' light settings! :)
Finally found a spot in one of their 3 pools
Amazing motif and friendly service.
Commenting on Drew's post about the cleanliness of Vegas Hotel rooms. Vegas vacationers do a lot of crazy stuff and then expect the maids to make the room up as if they had never been used. Even 5 star resorts have these issues. Instead of complaining do something about it or lead by example.
Nice rooms with a modern feel. Love it here!
Bring lots of $$$
Its just ok
Check in time is 4pm. Got there at 4:15 and literally waited in line for about 1.5 hours to check in.
Buffet is very good !
This place is adorable.  It has everything. Free WiFi, free coffee, fridge, microwave, AV jack, pretty decor, modern and clean.
love it here nice and clean
Incredibly comfortable beds and super clean room for $80 (total) on a Friday.!  I heart this place.
Jaccuzi room!
Great looking rooms!
I loved my stay at the hotel . Room was nice and clean. The blu sol spa is a nice added touch. But the best part was Amanda. What great customer service !!!!!!!! She makes me want to come back for another stay . Thanks for all the help.
Fabulous staff and great location!!! Great pricing for the quality. Highly recommend
It's a great hotel.... Rooms are a little small but perfect!
The King Room with Jacuzzi (2 person)  is the best off-season deal in PHX!
Pros:  Comfortable bed   Cons: Tiny room Tinnier bathroom  0 clear channels on TV
Horrible customer service by so cal management.  Hidden fees once signing in.
Celebrating 12 yrs with my love Yuson....lets hit the jackpot!
All I need to say is "it worths every penny we spend!"
First impression, very nice hotel. I stayed @ Emb Suites last month near Phx arpt and didn't like it. Hotel felt like prison compound, seemed a bit dirty, and nothing on the room service menu was in stock. I like this Hilton very much, reminds me of double tree in irvine.
Spring Training!
not great.checked in @ 8pm, no cars in parking. when I asked for a room upstairs they said they weren't available to me. no one's here.
Getting ready for a wedding tonight!! Nice place to stay and breakfast was pretty good, too.
Great vibe and good food!
Nice place to stay room is a great size for me
This place has changed allot been here a week lots of families just trying ...cash is encouraged and the two bedrooms are more than enough no one is outside past 9 unless have to be because they have to be up early to go to work
Nice room, cool pod-like shower, clean and comfortable
Room only has a shower. No bathtub. VERY disappointing
Call before booking if you want a pool. And  only book if you like a very soft bed
I think there are bed bugs and I swear I can hear zombies outside.
Pay the extra $3 for the mnt view! Gorgeous!
When you're ordering at the bar asked for a margarita you won't be disappointed
Great place for the $42 priceline price
Clean cheap friendly staff with convenient location! Recently upgraded good for families!
Make sure your room is not located near the elevator unless you'd like to hear it clanking all night, then have no one do anything about it. Sleepless night in a nice room. What a waste :(. Still waiting for my phone call from the manager! It has been a year.
This hotel is very close to the Mesa Gateway Airport. They have a great property with a park & fly program that works very well. It's great when something runs smoothly.
Nice and homey. Definitely you need a car. No on site restaurants. Be prepared to drag luggage upstairs. Didn't see elevator nearby.
Buy a fan
Exelent and I especially liked how breakfast is open 4 hours
It is now part of the Hilton family.
If noise is an issue then consider staying street side rather than pool side
Love this place!
dirty beds, dirty furniture, un-trust worthy towels, weak breakfast.  do not go here!!!!! read my review. filthy place!!!
They have lost it here as far as kimpton quality don't know what happened, was here a year ago and this place was great now the service is terrible.
justin furstenfeld!!!!!
The non-refundable deposit for a dog is only $50 for your entire stay, not $100...WIN!!
Once again the staff here is amazing. Friendly, courteous and helpful.
Don't look at the property. The lack of land. Proximity to a busy highway.   It is the STAFF that matters and how they enjoy their job/. Show the quality of their work!!
Rooms were clean and staff was awesome!!
Excellent location for WestWorld events.
Choose a different hotel!
Beautiful grounds & lots of free amenities.
Elevating.
Run for hills
Just OK. No iron/ironing board in the room - I've been waiting now for 30m to get one after two calls and I'm missing the first part of my conference...now the iron is here and it's the cheapest possible iron. Also cleaning is not at "Waldorf Astoria" levels, the top of the toilet lid is dirty and there was poo residue in the toilet. They need to hire a housekeeping manager to check the rooms.
Why is there only 1 person working ??? And she is also the housekeeper
No restaurant, no bar, just kids and a pool. Lots of kids.
Summer vacation!
Even though I work here this place is really nice & I can see first hand why people come here.
We travel - this place is a better than a Motel 6- but thats about all I'm going to give it. Total waste of money- no restaurant,  staff has ZERO personality, room was decent but no where close to the money we paid out- & lots of empty promises from the concierge- very frustrating to say the least!!
Arizona bound with the hubby & in-laws need to hurry and get here.. relaxation officially starts now. Clerk was very friendly and informative ( : Camp fire event later this evening.
Adult pool minimum age is not unforced.
Love coming here with my family and making new memories.
Beautiful spacious mini apartment style rooms.
Very appropriate lodging for a quick stop on a long road trip. Clean, comfortable, and reasonably priced. Everything that I was looking for.
Booked on Hotwire got a great deal on a 2 beds 3 people only paid $50 you can upgrade to a premium room that includes micro, mini fridge with snacks an iron only stayed or night so I didn't upgrade but I will next time. Place was clean, lots of room an quite. Staff was very nice an answered all my questions.
Bring your own bedding.
Great breakfast spot. Early sun on the terrace looking over the lake
Warning do not give your credit card. I had to cancel my credit card for them to stop fraudulent charges.
Stay somewhere else.
Beautiful spot, dead on a Sunday night...
fun !! & you do win !!!
Waiting in line for tech inspection.
Don't stay here!
Love this place! Staff are fantastic (Colleen) very clean and comfortable! Breakfast is delish!!!
Golf here on Tuesdays during the summer. Its $10 for green fees and $10 for a cart with a free hot dog at the turn.
I stayed in room 140, and it's very quiet and conveniently located around the corner from me the business center, fitness center, suite shop, breakfast, etc.
Good location. Bed is awful and decor is trying to be kitschy but is just dated looking. They also charge a resort fee. I would stay elsewhere
Fantastic customer service at this Marriott. They will treat you as if your a member of their family.
Check-in Quick & Staff very Friendly. Free wifi, Lobby Clean and very Welcoming. I'm a bit of a germaphobe, so i asked for sanitizing cleaner & towels to disinfect surfaces in my room, they didn't look @me in any weird way. Got to my room, did my inspection & was impressed. Super CLEAN, absolutely NO DUST anywhere, Fantastic View of the Pool &Jacuzzi. The Beds here are INCREDIBLE!! Like sleeping on clouds.  :) All in all, this place exceeded my expectations in every way possible!!
Good for the price
Great location
My tip to you is to find another hotel.
No.
Very tough to beat for the price.  $59 for 2 queen beds, clean and quiet room.
Check online for cheaper rates and deals than what the front desk person is able to offer.
Good view of the strip with lots of good places to eat around it.
The customer service stinks [Toni, lighten up and smile for crying out loud], but my gosh, this place is stunning. A real lady's dream ;]
Private lounge ..Top shelf open bar and gourmet food...what more can you ask for!
Just like any casino... I came home w/ smoke fume inside my nose. I had to turn on my humidifier when I came back from vacation! Lol
Pool time!
Vegas has sooooo much food and amazing restsurants to offer! We would NEVER be able to go to all ! Soooo gLad we did this! Tried a little bit bit just enough of some amazing places and it was soooo much fun and personal... DEFF a memorable experience!
If you can afford a better pricing for a better place then go for it.
Do not stay here unless you want roaches and bed bugs
Awesome place.
Breakfast is solid.
This chain of hotels is by far the best my family have stayed at.  Rates are reasonable and the rooms are super nice. Every morning they have a good breakfast. Not just cereal and pre packaged ceral bars.
Final destination!
$25 cab ride from/to the airport!
Could it take any longer? Longest wait for take out I've ever had.
If a show of your liking is being held here, get tickets. The showroom is intimate & very reminiscent of old school Vegas w/o being gawdy.
$4.99 Steak and Eggs!!
Great movie theater! Coupons for discounts plentiful. Beautiful casino.
baja meguels has a great lunch specail free drink with a meal!
way to smoke friendly
Adventure day #2. The slots are loose here!
Hooked the fuck up! AGAIN! wraparound suite!!!
:)
Came for a bowling tournament in May and couldn't resist coming back for 4th of July. If you have to visit Downtown - be sure to take advantage of the shuttle! We love the less stressful atmosphere and nice/clean rooms.
Be sure to get the Funbook at check in! Free cocktails!!!!!!!
See Mark or Samantha at the Front Desk for awesome customer service!
Yeah buddy, gonna continue my stay in FABOLOUS LAS VEGAS NEVADA!!!!
staying the night with family from northern california
Earl of Sandwich
I like the resort & that the Bmx track is inside with a cool bar overlooking the track, not too happy they only serve barefoot chardonnay, really !!! This is when I realize I am in nv nit Calif, haven't had w decent meal yet btw !!!
Worst place I have ever stayed. Food and service was horrid.  Never will I go back.
Family friendly, clean, big "regular" rooms, HORSES, bowling, movies, food, ice cream, & coffee.  What else could you want?  Oh yes, a casino we win in!
Huge, comfy and clean rooms. One of the best hotel experiences I've ever had. This place had it all and the staff is great
The xx!!!
The beds in the HRH Tower suites are the best! Most comfortable bed I've ever slept in... Like a cloud
If you order the entire late nite specials menu, you will be given a comp for pepto bismol!
Great off strip spot
Great place to sleep for the night if your on a budget or just passing through Vegas. Good food, friendly staff and it's Vegas, come on down!!!
World War Z
Worst customer service by registration clerks
Make sure the heater works and the comforters are clean!
Same design as the Orleans. Clean, accessible and safe.
Late night breakfast deal runs from 12am - 6am
'The Ashtray'.
We love the spacious rooms and bathroom!
Awesome place as always! Thanks Mr G!
Since I can't post a formal review from my cell phone I would just like to write a quick thank you to Pat Flemming. I'm not sure what your position is at SP but you made my night Saturday. I was really confused with the online reservation I had made for the Spazmatics and thought I had reserved a table but no! You were so helpful and courteous and made sure we had a table even though it was slammed. I hope someone sees this and promotes you! Thank you Pat you made my birthday party amazing :)
Spring break begins.  Could get crazy!!!!
Great stay cation
Don't stay here
Be sure you figure in the price of the resort fee of 14 before you go.
Late night steaks & eggs at the Cornado cafe is so worth it! 4.95$
Asked for a non-smoking room/floor, yet the hallways smell like cigarettes. Make sure you get what you pay for!
Too far from the strip
Big room
Make sure the bmx crowd isn't having a competition in the arena if you want a peaceful trip.
This hotel is away from the strip and they have everything! Good food, a fun bowling center, movie theaters, and a bingo hall. If you love the "county" scene they have a cinch bar that looks fun for arena events! I am really embarrassed with this hotel! Only problem... It smells like cancer! To much smoke!
Bingo!
Good sized rooms. Pool is open until 10pm. Ask housekeeping for the smaller, softer pillows.
Zero customer service from Desiree Long but I guess that's just her policy....rude!
$14 per day to cover in room Wi-Fi and all I can pull is 1.5 Mbps.
Great black jack tables.
If you have a service animal be prepared to be harassed.
Don't forget to use the coupon booklets!! They pass them out for each guests at registration during check in..
Fresh donuts & coffee delivered to your room for breakfast. Costs $20, but the rooms are so cheap, so why not?!
Love the Race Book.  Best Sports Book in town
Alright
Bingo is rigged. Machines win 100000 times more than paper.
Worst wait staff in the west. Bring your own drinks. All these broads hate their jobs.
Stay away. Not only does the service suck, they are overcharging for drinks!  If management is on board for this, its called FELONY FRAUD.
They put a lot of thought into the amenities they offer their guests. Its a fantastic hotel
If you book your reservation through a third party booking site ( like booking or trip advisor)  be prepared to look at a wall for your view..cheaper to book though hotel directly
Great casino and layout.  Machines that payout nicely.   Great poker rooms.
I don't play the machines.  Very poor payout.
I love the openness of the casino. Clean. Friendly. Love the bingo
Great alternative to the Rodeo. And seats during the roping are free!
Soco n lime shots
Beautiful place!  Easy check-in.
Very nice staff here!
This place is disgusting rooms stink and are dirty so not worth the money.
Will never stay here again as Caesar's Total Rewards is a FRAUD. Was promised Starwood points for stay. Never received them. Contacted customer service 5 times for an adjustment. Promises were never kept. The hotel is now run down and the "constituents," reflect the quality of the hotel. What a shit place. Never stay here again.
Perfect spot for a weekend getaway!
Go for the wraparound terrace suit with a premium view, with the Bellagio fountains on one side and the strip on the other, you will not be disappointed. Truly one of the best, If not the best, view in town.
Once again slow service.  Why do I keep coming back.  Well this time because of a convention.  Never again.  Slowest check in ever.
We poppin bottles
It balls.
spending the night here in Charlotte.  Great lobby bar and nice rooms,
Try not to stay at the Bolder City Inn & Suites unless all campgrounds are full!
If you want to buy or rent one of the condos around the SLS, go to www.kingofcondos.net or call 702-508-9038.
3 miles from the strip if you take the freeway
Enjoying watching these guys plat beer pong.
Beautiful out by the pool in the cabana!
Don't stay at the hotel! They are nasty, smell and everything is pretty much broken or run down. Just because you paint the walls with fresh paint and add new linens doesn't make your rooms better.  Disgusting!
Don't s
There is a dial on each side of the bed that you can adjust the firm-ness or soft-ness. Awesome!!!
Low key
I have nothing negative to say about my stay at Hilton. The prices were reasonable. Pool was comfortable. Rooms were clean and nice. I would definitely stay here again. The only downside is it not on the strip.
Great place to stay.
Pretty nice place not too expensive.
I am an employee of The Quad soon to be The Linq Hotel. We just got a peek at the new renovations of the hotel rooms and let me tell you if you have been there and saw what it was you will be amazed. I would challenge every person that has stayed here in the past to come stay again and tell me there not impressed with the change on October 30th 2014 when the new rooms and the 3535 bar opens.
First time here and what a beautiful hotel and room!
Great location. Free wifi. A little dated but the price is right.
It's a small more intimate venue in Westgate Hotel and Casino, you can see the stage from any seat.  If you buy VIP, you are a lot more likely to get pulled on stage and more eye contact from the ladies during the performances. The seating is also very close.
Going to a conference here?  Wear a parka - they keep the a/c wicked cold. I've been freezing cold and run outside when I can to warm up.
Comfy beds
Keep driving, it's too dirty!!
Great reason to fly into Term D aside from the UG terminal
Best thing about this hotel? They have NFL network!
Worst machines in all of Las Vegas!
Panoramic King Suite!
First Food Bar
Checking in!
Great bathrooms but no balconies...
Finally here! It's been too long :)
Come and stay for awhile !
Rehab is awesome
it's only $36 a night even on weekends!
Need sleeeeep but winning!
Wow!   What a change! Awesome remodel!
Order premium drinks when/if you gamble. You'll get them and the servers are great!
Higher floor on either corner.
Home for the weekend ;)
Rooms is dope...had a smoking room at 1st but the cigs was killing me then the 2nd room they gave me was not the one lol then they Bossed my life up so I'm grateful for that 3rd room on the 7th floor in the 4 tower they gave me....what a great way to spend my 2 year Anniversary at The Quad....Thanks
Adorei recomendo. Voltarei.
Locals get a discount and a discount at the spa
Cellphone reception is horrible inside the building & room!
After having stayed at the Wynn Encore previously this year, this girl just don't seem as pretty as she used to be. Guess that's the problem with daing the prettiest girl in the class, average just doesn't cut it anymore. Hotel is ok but has seen better days. Rooms seem a bit worn down.
Denny's on property lot!
Finally in Vegas!
Amazing tub!!!
Not a Hotel!  Service sucks!  They wont even clean ur room.
Don't waste ur money!!! Grundgey rooms!!  This king suite sucks!!!!!
Thank you to my new sister amd brother for the trip :)
This is always our favorite spot to stay in Vegas!
Awesome vacation spot.  The lazy river is fun.  Staff is very friendly and helpfil
Movie night while in the pool is alot of fun
Best timeshare in Vegas!
Private and close to the strip
Nothing special about this resort.  Its a little far from the action; they do run a shuttle and taxis are not cheap.. Time share is not my speed.  Had a good time all in all.
Make sure u checkout the show deals. We saved a lot. Take time to enjoy both of the pools. Off the strip but shuttle makes getting there easy.
Bring bug spray.
Great resort for families. All the excitement of Vegas without the gambling.
F
No casino in the hotel, but the amenities were great!
Room was clean and a lot bigger than expected.
My number 1 choice for a staycation in Vegas.
Enjoyed pool. Good Service!
Little piece of the South Pacific right in an American desert.
There are so many stray cats living here.. I was followed by two when walking back to my car hahaha
Good for kids. They take no responsibility for their actions as a staff!
My husband is almost a week into his burn from their broken steam shower! Don't go!!! Your kids will get hurt like this.
Good customer service, nice room, good price, family oriented.
They are renovating the pool with the water slide...so only 1 pool right now.
By any name, this is a great hotel with courteous & competent staff. The price is an amazing bargain, too!
How is this place a resort? Only good thing was the 24 hour pool.
Not as nice as the other time share resorts I've stayed in but nice enough. The place is clean and not too out dated but might need to be updated within the next 5-8 years. Bed is firm, would rather have a big fluffy bed to sleep in but it good enough... Overall I'm happy, but if I had a choice I would rather stay closer to the strip
Their shuttle times are ten minutes into every hour. Ex: 2:10 PM The last one leaves at 11:10  The return times are where they drop you off at the hotel, usually boarding 20 minutes after every hour till 11:20 PM
Best tip is not to stay at this bed bug infested "resort"
Party in PH! Parking sucks...fyi
heard the buffet is good
lazy river rocks
Love the Lazy River
Really awesome place! Fancy!
Good
Buffet!
Bring shade if u don't like it hot. I'm a sun worshiper!!
Simply gorgeous
Horrible, scary. Carpet was stained, bathroom tile was yellow stained, bed was not made or changed? It was downright a downright horrible Vegas flea trap that costs as much as a casino. AVOID
Pool area RULES. Its an outside sports bar- LOVE THAT! The rooms have patios/balconies- SUPER rad, NO hotels in Vegas have that!!
When visiting the cafe late at night, always ask your server if the Chef is being "generous" with the prime rib portions!  You'll be pleasantly surprised if your really hungry!
This place Suxs bad the service is horrible and drinks suck ... That is the salad I got the lettuce is wilted and it tasted very old
Great food and margaritas! The service was spectacular!!! Thanks Susan!!
qotsa!
I'm coming too early. I have to wait 5 more hours then can check in :(  No fun!
Decent place for a quick dessert
Food was okay..."the clubhouse" tasted good, fries were a little old. Service was okay, just like normal coffee shops.
The buffalo wings are awesome and the cheeseburger is one of the best late night dishes you can get in Vegas.
Post clubbing munchies
Homemade food that is fresh
Service is bad, very overpriced for it's value.
Mediocre
The food is good bad the hosting employee ! Not very nice
Go somewhere else to avoid the mature and unpleasant staff. Making people wait when the restaurant is half full is underwhelming
Pho stops at 2:30am. I guess I'll just have a large bowl of disappointment, then...
This is somewhere you come LAST resort....food and service is not good!
Omelets are great. Don't go within an hour of meal change or close. Everything gets old and gross.
Be careful when staying here, check your room for blood... or plumbing issues.
Go play bingo! Didn't think I'd enjoy it but it was so much fun!!
"Free"wifi isn't free! $11:99 per day.
Such a let down from when it was Lowes. Front desk did not inform me they had an event with 1500 guests!!  They were out of everything my daughters weekend of fun,s'mores & lake was ruined!! Not classy it was filthy
LOVE coming here to ROLL the DICE!! great dealers and pit-bosses!!!
Inside spectacular
Stay anywhere else this place is disgusting and broke down ! They had to switch our rooms three times before we got. Clean and empty one and then still No service . Stay anywhere else the Casino is dead and the food sucks
Awesome that this entire hotel is non-smoking! Very modern and clean. Would definitely come back.
Mattresses and pillows are rock hard...not very comfortable :(
Breakfast was weird.  Coffee wasn't refilled.  Poor communication by breakfast staff.
Great family place to stay while in Vegas. Cute contemporary clean hotel.
Super slow elevators
The rooms are small so was the bar, honestly I liked the bar better...
Good breakfast burritos and sandwiches in main lobby.
Very pet friendly
Great! One thing I have learned so far is....never trust the horrible reviews, the  negative reviews from other "Yelpers" come from a very superficial place.....the hotel was great, clean and convenient, the free shuttle to the strip saved me lots of money. I had a great experience
The worst hotel  and buffet I've  ever  seen.
The hotel does not tell you that you will have crickets for roommates. Already saw 3 scurrying about. Make that 4.
Best inexpensive buffet I've even had. Yummmmmy!!!!!!
Beautiful resort. Our stay was very relaxing. Great staycation for locals like us.
Do not waste your time or money here
Nice but full of older folks. Feels good to be away from the crowded strip.
Eating with the family
Dump! Dump! Dump! Everyone was rude and totally ignored us. Couldn't get a drink at the bar and couldn't get a table at the Buffett. I guess because we weren't locals...
It's an average Hampton Inn, clean and friendly. The clerk at the front desk was extremely helpful!
Good general relaxing casino....outdoor concert venue is great.
Always a great place to stay. Very clean, and attentive.
AAA DISCOUNT- great place to stay for much less than most strip hotels. It is off the strip, but rooms are big, clean, and good for the money.
Smokey meows
Brunch!
Brunch. And free wifi!!
Love this place lots of comps, lots of fun.
Nice rooms, decent pool and hot tub and friendly staff. Would definitely stay again!
The worst wi,fi,in hotel buffet is good
Going to the awesome byffet'bb
Some of the BEST service in town!
Beautiful local spot
First time here.  The resort has a peaceful vibe and a beautiful scenic view of the lake.  I'll post more after my stay.
Folks with a Boyd gaming players card...the casino will be rolling it out and ready for use by June 2017.
Bedbugs!!! Steer clear, spend a few $ more.
Don't expect much but it's clean & cheap. No internet.
Was excited to book a place here for our rv trip! Super bummed they turned me away. Class A motorhomes only.
do not stay here. roaches in the room and transients hanging out on the sidewalks
This is the hardest place to book a massage! Crazy hard! WTF!
Place may be nice but the staff is horrible!!! They don't know what customer service is!!
Cool place to hang out, totally remodeled. Friendly and nice. Food is excellent and well done.
While sitting waiting for order to be taken we observed so many health code violations, taking glass from table with straw and refilling glass and returning the same glass with straw in glass. Spoke with manager and he seemed to just defend his servers and after he left our table he stood in the back and employee after employee he stood pointing and laughing, NOT very professional.
Beautiful and relaxing spot, even for just a hair cut.
No self parking. Good valet, but if you want to save on tipping, park across the street at Fashion Show and walk over.
Viva Elvis!
I somehow doubt I'll be using it...but the room comes with it's own salad spinner.  I feel like Tony Montana.
Las Vegas u pwnd me. My body cannot hang. Night!
House keeping is a failure!!!
Baller.
The room and service has been impeccable. The room/bed are huge and the bed is one of the best I have slept in in a long time
No self-parking, I hope valet is part of the resort fee...
Nap time!
Nice enough. Having bloody mary at poolside
Bring a vehicle.
Breakfast with Maquita
No smoking = awesome.
Spacious, clean & soft sheets. Big bathroom & kitchen is nice.  Love this hotel!
Check out happy hour at Trump - $5 house wine!
smells sooo good! what is in the vents??
Many complimentary services
Away from strip, lots of extra charges be prepared, no double beds and no self parking.
Gorgeous interior. Amazing service. Expensive glass of iced tea.
Thanks for a great stay!
Pretty lame. Older crowd. The only hotel bar barely stays open past midnight.
Bed time.:-)
Poolside
Double doors = cannot hear anyone nor anything in the hallway = WIN for people like me who need to sleep in, thank you Donald.
Crap check in. This place sucks. I'd choose circus circus over this.
Huge room!  No need to upgrade.
If you want a "Vegas" experience don't stay here. Off of the strip, no smoking, no casino, not even a cheap buffet to cure yourself of a hangover. Room service was kind of pricey, and only one restaurant in the entire hotel. Not to mention the pool closes at 5!
I love this place, but very poor WiFi reception...will still come back for the amazing jacuzzi tub and service.
They stole my gucci watch!!! Fuck the trump
The front/valet/main entry area gets VERY busy (to a point where you can't even drive into the driveway). This is because it's valet only. Maybe they need to rethink this.
One can get a weekday (sun-thurs) room at the aria for about $80 on Priceline and Hotwire. Service and cleanliness has greatly improved since our last visit back in 2010.
Ill be back.  Very nice.
Very nice hotel and bathrooms. View was amazing from 57th floor
Look up excellence in the dictionary and this is the definition.
Really impressed. First time staying here and I couldn't have been happier.
Love that you can wake up and walk across the street to nordstroms!
Biggest bathrooms ever! Beware of the jets in the tub. They turned on by themselves!
The best hotel in Vegas if u want to get away from the crowds. Classy, elegant, smells great.
Repeat guest at TIH. Spacious rooms, speedy check in. Always a good experience.
Bring your own tea/hot chocolate! There is a tea kettle in the room!
There are always deals
Shuttle runs till midnight, don't miss it!
Spacious bathrooms with TV in mirror. Complimentary bottle waters and valet service
Flash a twenty for upgrade.
Great hotel no casino!
Use Priceline for the best deal on room rates. Got mine for $80/night.
Sweet
Overrated.
Shuttle stops running at midnight Cinderella. #sucks
Eat dinner at Yolo's
Free Valet
$30 per night "Resort Fee", it is absolutely a hidden charge.
Service is superb. Everyone is extremely helpful and goes out of their way to make your stay one to remember
All penthouse suites are located on the 60th floor. For the best views of the Las Vegas strip, book a suite.
Suite upgrade to the Lago worth the cost  - 1,943 square feet - Separate bedroom   - Fully furnished living room - Dining table that seats 8 - Pool table, grand piano or massage table  - 42 inch, 32 inch & 20 inch LCD TV - Complimentary valet
The Suite Life...  Venetian.. Check  Palazzo...
Taipan Suite  3100 sq. ft. 20th floor strip view 2 bedrooms Living room Cocktail bar Personal fitness area Study room Powder room
The Cosmopolitan Wraparound terrace suite, one of the best in all of Vegas.  - 1200 sq.ft. - 1 bedroom - 2 bathrooms - Living room - Full kitchen  - Separate dining area  - Sub zero wine cooler - 480 sq. ft. private terrace with panoramic views of the Las Vegas strip
Delano Penthouse superior suite  - Located on 60th, 61st and 62nd floor - 1642 square feet - 1 King bed - 1.5 bath - Panoramic view of strip
When you check in you are given a small envelope with your keycard, there is also a $25 voucher for the spa in the envelope!
Loved it ! Nice and quiet.
Love this hotel. It's classy and clean!
Get a high floor (40+). Freight trains run throughout the night making it impossible to sleep well.

The Trump Collection toiletries in the guest rooms, have a yummy scent to them...
Hello, casino entrance opens right into the heart of the legendary, FREMONT ST. Great location!!
Family and I had a great time with courteous staff members.
Would never stay at this crappy hotel even if they paid me. #justapersonofcolor
Resort fees are now $28+ tax, covers the shuttles until midnight, valet etc
The hotel provides a free shuttle to Caesars Palace as well as a few others hotels. And it's only a short walk to the main part of the strip. The Fashion Mall is right across the street from your hotel.
Our reservation was completely messed up by their staff. There was smoke coming through the a/c, mold in the bathroom and the flat stove wasn't locked and was turned on almost causing a fire. There are PLENTY of other choices - choose something else!
Throw the wad at it and stay in the penthouse suite. You'll feel like James Bond for a few days and remember. You can always go home and make more money.
Nopes!
Terrible. Would not stay here again if life depended on it.
Very dirty hotel. We even saw some bugs under the bed.
Great hotel and great staff enjoyed my stay very clean and beautiful pool as well
boycott this hotel.
"Smart" business man builds hotel on strip. Said hotel doesn't have a casino. Yes. "Smart".
Trash!
This is not worth the price, terrible service. Food made me literally sick
One of the nicest hotel lobbies you'll ever see!
Free wifi, breakfast and evening hot food and service daily. Can't beat quality of service and amenities provided. I highly recommend staying here.
Warning: surprise security deposit at check-in, credit card $50 / debit card $150.
Had a room in paradise towers facing the pool , be aware rehab pool area plays music noon to when pool closes and you can hear that from your room
Pleasure pit baby
Customer service at the players club really SUCKS!!!
Don't like Resort Fee and Pool closing at 7pm in the Hottest Summer on record. Also no Vegetarian options with Room service!
Finally after a 4 hour flight delay. Waterworld room?! Ahhhh damn it.
Don't get the rooms by the elevator. Feels like trains are going by every minute.
Miss america pageant show Live
Join the players club and get $5 play money for machine games! Plus a coupon book for all co-owned hotels :)
Gamblin
At the bar :)!!
Relaxing in a wonderful corner suite... Bliss
Gallery is where it's at!
Spice Market!! ;P
!!!!! :):):)
What is E.D.C.??? This is the C.J.L.K!!!
Really nice rooms!
Love this place cheap rooms and Earl of sandwich downstairs
Awesome scenery (especially for pervs) and great aura & vibe
Get the terrace suite bellagio fountain side! It will not disappoint!
Nice hotel for the price, centrally located on the Vegas strip. Good for non family and younger ppls.
The pool here is SUPER disappointing. 2 small pools (apx 150 sq ft) separated by apx 3000 sq ft of white hot stone. Worst pool area in Vegas
Its not the Aria but man is there a lot of space in the room.
Very poor service it took 6 hours for them to clean my room. 3 calls to manager he told me just wait and insulted me. Not coming back!!!
earl of sandwich!!
Pleasure pit, gogo dancers + poker best place everrrrr!
Staying in vegas the baller way ;D
Morning poker before brunch!
Race and Sports Book has the Fox Soccer and FS Plus channels!
Here we go again!!!
spinning my luck ;)
round two!
Fast & easy
Earl of Sandwich is the best sandwich joint in my opinion
Love this hotel
Loving my 1100 square foot suite!!!
Stay here at your own  risk WORST hotel experience of my life. ZERO customer service and shitty attitudes. Oh and u might get robbed!
vegassss!!!
One quick stop then home ...
Yea baby!
Pink Taco Restaurant
vegas baby!!!!
NCAA Tourney man caves!
I always get lost in this damn casino.
Should NOT take a half hour to check in. Get your act together!
Terrible hotel - will never be back!
It's all downhill from here
Awesome music at the table games
Swim up bar is a wallet killer
Bring cash!
Spice market buffet- food was awful and service was worse.
Bathrooms are gross in the rooms. Very dirty!
Earl of sandwich is a must!!!
Very nice and very affordable hotel!!!
Beautiful hotel! Expensive drinks but very nice!
Don't stay here!!! Someone broke into our room while we were gone and stole our stuff!
Miracle Mile Shops are really cool!
This place is the best to mingle and/or meet someone for a happy hour. Go to the Chandelier Bar!
Room is filthy. Dirty bathroom counters. Hair everywhere. The curly kind too. Room is dark colored so can't tell what's been cleaned, which I doubt they did anyways.
Do not go to any concerts here!!!! We went to West Coast Allstars concert last night & I paid for $200(each) seats, never again!!!! The concert was so unorganized!!! There were ppl fighting(guys punching girls)in the face! Prob bc they were so damn tired of waiting for the concert to start!!!
Really fun hotel.  First time here.
Worst customer service ever!!!!! Mod is so rude and doesn't care!!!!!!!!
Go somewhere else. Motel 6 seemed nicer
1st time staying here and will be my last; room is pretty beat up and place is showing its age. Not impressed; staff is nice tho.
Aria is effin' awesome - my new home away from LA. Beds are insanely comfy :)
Really bad cell phone reception in here. ;(
Request a room that is not facing the pool or is on a high floor. I was on the top non-suite floor facing away from the pool & strip, but still heard 2 police sirens in one night. So the windows don't block a lot of sound.
amenities abundant at PH - but room had filthy walls....  dusty items and appeared gross.  for location and view, however, was worth it.  watch out for the drizzly shower!
Everything you need...
The Casino Host put me up in a Fountain view suite on the 50th floor. Spectacular view of the Bellagio Fountains and Caesers Palace.
Sunday night. Check in line is long and not enough staff. Slow. I hate Las Vegas.
Loved it! Will be back!
T-Mobile & AT&T doesn't work here as well as Verizon does.  =(
I used easyclicktravel.com to book my room for planet Hollywood and I didn't have a $20 resort fee
Dark rooms
What a fabulous place, great room, huge tub to soak in, great staff, and right in the middle of the strip. I am here for a company meeting and intend to also relax. I will definitely be staying here again. I was reading some of the negative reviews, not sure what kind of room you had by mine is excellent. Great Vegas strip view from my room and very luxurious.
Comp rooms are NOT free!!! Please read my review for more...
Damn bellboys lost my damn plug to my boom box. No quality tunes now. :(
Bellman was not so friendly at check in
The Playing Field Sports Lounge is by far the best bookmaking bar I have been to in Vegas (sample size = 4).  Great give and take with the bar staff, lots of fun!
Miracle mile shops for some shopping and good eats!
Nice machines
Room service has pretty good hot wings yumm
Room service for breakfast sucks
The ONLY reason. I repeat ONLY reason to come to Planet Hollywood is to visit the Steakhouse. Fantastic experience there. Unlike staying at this hotel or venturing around the casino.
Great hotel and pool! Center of everything in Vegas.
$10. Tiniest rum & coke ever.  Ridiculous... (iPhone for scale - sorry, no bananas at hand...)
Nice rooms the mall is very cool. Wasn't anything crazy but looked very nice.
No reception or close to nothing for t-mobile users!
$100 trick was a no-go on a Thursday night, midnight check-in. All booked!
$20 trick worked from base 1-bed room! Not bad for a Friday!
Good option if you need to bring your dog.  Two pet floors!
Don't stay here the place is disgusting and the service is less than poor. All the managers and supervisors are incompetent the place smells horrible of stale smoke absolutely disgusting
I asked for late check out & they DO have late check out for no extra fee. I was able to get an extra hour of rest :-)
Kind of getting long in the tooth. I would not stay here again. Very average.
Terrible service at the show conciergence.
They charge for everything including the wifi!
We really loved the vibe inside of the planet Hollywood casino!
This place is great! Love the casino!
Terrible service waiting in line for 30 minutes and counting to get another key.
Love it here
The house keeping ladies here are thieves! Put the "do not disturb sign" and they still came in and stole all of my boyfriends money. Safe was broken. Don't stay here or beaware.
Worst video blackjack ever. You can't split pairs or double down. Why don't they just put a sticker on it telling you there is no chance of ever winning!
Worst video blackjack anywhere. You can't split pairs or double down.
Don't waste your time here they make you pay extra for wifi and other necessities
I dont know what happened to my last review but l will post another one here.
If you want to eat at Gordon Ramsay Burgr, be ready to line up for an hour!
View on the strip room is a must!
Hotel is clean and checkin was easy. Had a great view of the strip.
Parking is under the hotel. When it says valet is full, go thru anyways and tell them you are checking in.
They made it right. Nice upgrade to a suite room.
Horrible customer service
Try the Diamond lounge.
Not only is this a 5star casino but the courtesy staff here really knock it out of the park. The bellman (matthew) was very genial and informative when he dropped off our baggage. Melissa at the LobbyCafe&Bar remembers our favorite morning coffee preferences and offers good advice on hotel events.
Variety of restaurants can be found on the hotels casino floor, including Gordon Ramsey's BURGR
Hotel Room with a view & Large Tub but No Coffee Maker, No Microwave or mini fridge...I think this is a first for me...
Lisa, Front Desk Agent, is fantastic.
My favorite spot to play in evenings.
Dirty room! If I can put 0 star, I will
I'm not coming back! We drove 10hours to stay here, we were excited coz I thought it's a nice and clean room! Wasted our time !!'
Check the room first
Dirty room
Dusty
Kind of disgusting... This has been outside our door for 3 days (since before we got here).  It's not even ours.
Bad cleaning services! They only make the beds and replace the towels.  Not good enough.
no fridge, no wifi in hotel room....telephone doesn't work
Casino, shopping and great food ... One of the best casinos on the strip.
My tip: Don't stay here
God awful line for check-in!
So far the customer service sucks...give me a smile valet girl and front desk girl.  see it's not that hard.
Comfy beds & pillows!!!
most comfortable beds everrrr!!
The worst parking and amenities. They don't even provide toothbrush and toothpaste
So far the room is nice, book with Expedia so a little confusion there, do they have free wifi? So far I don't think so, it's a bit of a downfall...will content review after I check out on Wednesday..
Spa for the wife
It's so chic
let's do this, scottsdale.
Beautiful!!!
Lobby = excellent Room = clean but not a great view Service = so so
Kids + dogs.
They have a great pool area!  Free wifi if you are an intouch member and great wine hour
From the looks of it, the pool is the place to be
Was there for work, Mika had excellent customer service.  Over all great place.
Try the prickly pear lemonade
https://youtu.be/e7KzQ-esWis Beautiful sunset.
Do not stay in room 115. If they lie and tell you it's the only room available, go to another hotel. La Quinta  at 4929 West McDowell Rd, Phoenix is a dump!
Worst service ever. Fat bill front desk was very rude
I really dig Hotel Indigo! Nice, hip, clean! Aveda products are great touch :) excellent staff! Very enjoyable stay.
Wait for the Registration desk is WAY too long. Bring a book
They give you a free ( and warm!) cookie when you check in. Come.on.
Really nice. Not a ton of parking but I got a good price so it's all good
Great hotel, great service!
Huge fan of this property!  Rooms need updating, but great service is a plus!
Absolutely amazing...
Going in happy and coming out happy
what is a great establishment with horrible customer service??
Checking out now! Bye Vegas ill miss you
Great rooms. Wish there was coffee in the room though!
Everything about Aria is amazing so far! It's beautiful
25$ resort fee for Internet and HBO. Parking is crazy. Make sure to get into HoneySuckle 5 Building, it's the newer remodeled one. Also make sure to bring toiletries (shampoo, conditioner, lotion, toothpaste) none of that is provided. Also bring detergent and fabric softener- you can wash/dry your clothes!
All Suites hotel. All have large jacuzzi tubs and separate showers. Full kitchen and some have washer and dryers.
Great quiet stay. Love the balcony!
This has to be the most boring hotel in all of Vegas. Rooms have a full kitchen but the social aspect is equivalent to Antartica
Valet parking was quick.  Room service (Ribeye, cheese cake) - perfect, spot-on and fast!  Hotel staff - THIS is what customer service is about!  The Bowles Family.
Great family friendly hotel.  This property is upscale the suites are huge and I found this to be a great alternative to staying at a large smokey casino with a family.  Can't wait to come back and stay longer!
Great place to stay in vegas if you have kids. Non smoking policy is the best. My 19th month old daughter enjoys it here. Pool side is not as crowded and crazy that ceasar's palace. Food is good and priced not too bad. Portions are big.
Love the space! Just a mile away from the strip.  Don't care much for valet only parking.
Love It.... Just Need To Get Theirs Booking Partners On Same Page With Check In Check Outs Also They Can A Few Smoking Rooms Only Thing I Was Unhappy About But I Was In Heaven....
First time here and got upgraded to the 1200 sq. ft princess suite! (:
Cool place...bit hard to get a cab out of here. Maybe because it's a holiday?
It's amazing
Clean, spacious rooms for a reasonable price.  The kids enjoyed the pool.
Excellent!!! Very clean and big room with full kitchen!!! Awesome!
Wish it had a bugger pool
Only one bellman working at check-in time? Really?
Pretty good gym with a variety of weights and quite a few cardio machines, better than I expected.
Eh- just mapped it... Closer to 12:45 - u guys still be there right?
It's ok.  no fan in bathroom . Nice gym crappy pool
Sleep in, check. Go to pool, check. BBQ, check. I love summer!
Squeezing a few more drops of fun out of summer.
Amazing!  Smells like vanilla throughout.
Just stopped in
2stars.. Be prepared for smoking area at the parking garage entrances & bar pool area.
We weren't impressed by the overall customer service, but their suite was the nicest room I've stayed in at Las Vegas.  ****** Update from our experience above 3 years ago.   We just spent Thurs-Sun at Aria, and the customer service was consistently warm, friendly, courteous, professional and prompt.   The casino allows smoking, but the entire Sports Book area where my husband likes to hang out is NON-SMOKING!!!!!!!   Aria is our new favorite place to stay in Las Vegas.
My favorite place to stay in Vegas!
Smells like vanilla
Our greeting was outstanding and we are very happy to be here!!
What a wonderful breakfast at the Ocatilla Lounge!
Red Bull vodka
Great room with good layout. Ask for city view.
Negotiate rate with breakfast and Wi-Fi for better overall deal. Balcony view pic
Getting a mani/pedi is bliss here! Late nights with friends on the Vegas Strip in heels can do damage...want to make  things right!
Love this hotel the valets ALWAYS remember me and the atmosphere is wonderful
Spa spa spa.
such a nice hotel! clean, quiet and serene. wish we could stay longer.
Great hotel, lots of shopping, golf, gambling, restaurants near by. MJ, Merced CA
This was the worse hotel experience I've ever had in Las Vegas. I go at least once a year, every year and I will never stay here again. The only highlight was the shower head is awesome and feels good on tired muscles. We had to put down a HUGE deposit and pay extra for "resort fees". I've never had to do that at any other hotel, ever. Never again
Good music all the time.  Expensive beer.  But that's every casino.
Club tower 1st floor Very clean and nice room.
Alrighty Vegas.. its just you and me now
Cheap beer on the strip!!!
Check out pete valee aka big elvis.
Good value, but the carpet in our room is completely disgusting and should be replaced ASAP.
$4.99 STEAK AND EGGS. need I say more?
$6.99 steak and eggs!
Steak and eggs!!!
Steak and eggs for $6.99
Not fancy but big comfy rooms in intimate space.
For 20 bucks, you can check in early
No synthetic bedding available - only duck feathers. Quack.
Earplugs are a must if you expect to get any sleep at night - bar crowd directly below rages until 6am nightly.
Very down to earth people, not a flashy poker room, but Very laid back and great .50/1 nlhe.   20 min buy in means you can play nlhe for HOURS on the strip.  Dealers were very friendly and helped players along the way.    This is a cool old school casino like out of Goodfellas
$6.99 Steak, Eggs, Hash browns & Toast :)
Closing Feb 4th to be remodeled into a "boutique" hotel. Reopening 2014.
Awesome hot breakfast for free! Sometimes they even have biscuits and gravy!
The Tempe location is a great central location for clubs:)
Great price, service and location!! I highly recommend staying here.
Pool is open 8am-4pm, has several pools, our room 10-702 had a ghost in it, just saying
Staycation!
Free views of the sunrise/set from the top of the parking garage.
Congrats, Hermie & Lani!!
No coffee maker in room! What!?
We came in a night early and there were no rooms, we get it. It's nearly 7am and we are watching people check out and well no one to clean till 9. So no room for us. Kyle is the manager, an absolute dick, makes up excuses because he is not good at confrontation. Do not stay here unless you do not want to be accommodated.
Selena, at the front desk, is an exceptional employee.
The pillows are the hardest most uncomfortable of anywhere I have ever stayed. Bring your own from home.
The GoGo dancers are a LOT more attractive than the ones on the strip. Well at least thats what I experienced my trip
join Club Grazie, their players club, so you can get invited back for free nights
hit the blackjack tables at Aria. my buddy @tanimal28 had a real hot streak here
Small, newly updated casino floor. Nice looking.
Ask for a room facing the river.
Make sure to get to breakfast early. Also, there is a second coffee station right near the elevators with better creamer.
Best place to stay!!
McKenna the lifeguard and Luis the pool guy are amazing! 24-hour pool for the win!
Check in a breeze....friendly staff, beautiful rooms
The Hangover...
Poolside , but heads up!! They close it down at 6:00 pm
I stay here whenever I have dr appts and I have never had any problems. Front desk staff is friendly and rooms are clean. Coffee in lobby is really good.
Love all the big screens downstairs in the lobby and bar area to watch football!
Clean, spacious rooms. Good breakfast.  Super slow internet.
City corner suite! ;)
Swedish massage!
Who the fuq designed the parking stucture?! Fail!
We have arrived!
The Buffet for dinner!
This place is dope!!!
Long wait for check in. Less chit chat people.
Wassup Vegas from Oakland!
Buffet
Oh hayyy
I missed you Vegas
Buffet time!
We out here (;
We out here! (;
Buffet before we head back to LA
Self park! It's an awesome informative parking lot!
You still might have to wait in line for this buffet. Calculate that into you schedule. Min: 15-30min
WTH check out is at 10 am :/
We meet again elara. But your valet was full at 11am. Why you no like me.
First time staying here! Hopefully it'll be a good one
Finalllllyyyy
Let the sin begin!
Very fancy hotel :)
Resort is pretty decent. Indoor pool and distance from strip suck...overall good
Don't stay here if u are in Vegas to Party. You will get a noise complaint!! Check out other people's reviews n tips!
Vip check in check out no waiting
Early check in before 10am is $30 upcharge. Wait till 10am and check in early for free!
A little known great place to stay. Huge rooms & suites, new, modern, and connected to the Miracle Mile mall. You do not have to own a timeshare to stay here - book just like a regular Hilton.
Definitely helps to upgrade to a room with a view!
Dont buy coffee here, tasteless hardly tell it is coffee
Nickel video poker machines? Winner! Found my new favorite casino on The Strip.
This place is beautiful!
Deadmau5 performing tonight at XS. $150 general admission. Wow.
Penthouse suite upgrade. That's wassup.
The prestige level is awesome!!
Drink a lot ;))
service is on point and dont be afraid to ask for anything! concerige & front desk are on point!
dont wait for them to call you for your room- check yourself! physically!
I wonder if dogs have to be 21 to drink
These are some of the comfiest beds I've ever slept in!
Sure doesn't feel like a Hampton Inn. Love the view, can see the lake from here
'bout to get ma grub on in the M BUFFET ;)
Off the hook crazy fun!  Oh yeah.
It's amazing and it smells great lol
Nap time :)
@ the pool not the spa. Lol cabana time :)
Park at the adjacent mall, Complexe Desjardins, to save money. You can take the elevator in the parking garage directly to the hotel lobby.
Love that the hotel manager took the time to send me a message through Yelp thanking me for my review. Nice touch.
Nice clean rooms! Nice employees! Free high speed Internet! Free breakfast !
No complaints.
Very nice hotel
The buffet is the worst. Walked in, walked right back out. Time for a refund.
They couldn't find my reservation for 5 minutes, the bell hop needed more than 1/2 an hour to bring up my bags, the pool is empty!
Be prepared to wait while the front desk clerk tries and sells a lower rate than you paid for the same night to someone on the phone...
Wow. Two days here. Brutal.
Best motel in Scottsdale.
Go to the Walgreens in between the Palazzo and the Venetian for necessities - water is $4.75 in the hotel, ouch
Finally here...
Buffet time
Woo!
We were upgraded to the sticky wads o' cum fantasy suite, gratis!
Love this hotel.
Ahhhhhh....
Hello luxury, I've missed you
Thanks grazie club for the discount and coupons!
MFest wkend!!!
Going to be presenting at NV Energy in a few hours. Staying here at the Palazzo - crazy extravagant - but fun.
Time for some Sin City.
Ready to have fun!!
Just checked in and I'm ready for the weekend!
"Important weekend conference"
Best hotel on the strip.
Public bathroom stalls are clean but awkwardly close together , too much man footsies when trying to go doo doo
Brion!!!!!
Snooty hotel. Pretentious. Who the hell are you? Venetian is way better and nicer. This hotel is backwards. Fail.
Self parking in area e is right by guest room entrance
Awww yeah, it's on!
Best room yet!!!  Live all the extra space!
nice resort.
Jersey Boys is amazing
Amazing craps tables. 15 dollar tableau.
VMware PEX
1st stop in sin city
Poker tournament and I'm faded
Last buffet before heading home
Finally arrived in sin city
Amazing. Not cheap but well worth it
Robbie, pool bar, amazing. Be...a..uuu..tiful.
round 2!
MFEST 2012 & the luxury of our suite
Vegas!!
:)
The Ellenhorns will be spending a long overdue and much deserved mini vacay at the Palazzo!
Beautiful, beautiful, huge rooms!!
Soooooo luxurious! I feel like a princess.
Sin City Sinner time! #zebralounge
The suites are sick!
Great suites. Don't be afraid to ask fora higher floor when you check in!
Very nice let us check in early at 10:30am!!
Make sure the cabby takes local street koval or spring mountain. Spring mountain is longer but sometimes faster.
Got two connecting suites on the 45th floor. Nice view!...its just the farthest room from the elevator. The suites here are very spacious for a small group.  The only thing I have to point out about the room is their AC unit. You do not need to make an unnecessary loud beep from the push of the buttons lol I was trying to adjust it while everyone was sleeping...
Wonderful hotel, great pools and excellent service!  This is my new Vegas home away from home when we come for our annual girls trip!
VEGAS!!!!!
Es ist und bleibt ein Mega-Hotel Casino!!! Impressive
Hotel der Oberklasse - direkte Bahnhofsnhe - gute Zimmer - aber schon recht berzogene Raten
Gutes Hotel in Stuttgart - hherpreisig
Klassisches Tagungshotel
a/c works fine it just has to be turned way down. I have to go through finding out the hard way every visit. Finally set it at 62 for what was probably the equivalent to 74. House keeping turns light on between beds after service. Good luck finding the switch when you arrive back at your room and ready for bed...my tip, it's on the bottom right.
Smart, professional service,  great rooms that are huge lux and clean
Casino floor rocks,  great drinks and made some cash
Hotel offers everything and does it well. Our room was large and luxurious. Hotel staff helpful. Shopping and restaurants great. Overall experience was wonderful and we will return.
Go around Christmas time.  Cool shows at night in front of Venetian.  Elves serve hot cider in lobby
Make sure to ask for a room facing the strip.
Iove my suit
People who come to Vegas forget that it's free valet parking. We'll ok the tip, but rather give the guy a tip than walk out in that hot Vegas weather.
I'm never staying anywhere ever again.
Clean atmosphere
Don't stay here. The room was in poor condition upon check-in. The restroom smelled like someone took a massive dump. The sheet was stained red which I am hoping is from cranberry juice. Somebody's used cotton ball was on the sofa bench. What really brought me over the edge was seeing melted ice in our ice bucket. Absolutely disgusting.
Nothing wrong at all about this place!
Best hotel in Vegas! Great customer service amazing rooms and set up so you don't even have to leave the hotel!
Came here again in may 2014 and noticed they raised the resort fee
Great hotel !! Love the shops ... Great casino
The rooms are the BEST!!!
Healthy food found at the Canyon Ranch Cafe located right outside the spa and gym. Smoothies, healthy menu options, almond milk lattes.
Ask for a room near the elevators its a lot more convenient since the hotel room floors are really big and you won't have to walk very far.
Wonderful property and stay. Professionally managed.
Spacious bathroom to fit 6 girls getting ready :)
The beat place to stay in las Vegas.
Beautiful view and nice place to spend time on Las Vegas  Strip..
Here on our 10th anniversary and it's an amazing hotel! The hubby did great!
Great rooms! Clean, beautiful hotel. Don't forget to tip your valet man and housekeeper.
What a fantastic hotel. Will definitely return!
Fantastic hotel. Shall return!
good rooms
My favorite hotel on the strip.  Big rooms,  comfy beds,  good service.
For Gold & Platinum Club Grazie Members, they offer free shuttle service to the airport with Executive Shuttle. Otherwise, it's $6.
If Jeff is at the front counter you're sure of a great stay! The hospitality so far is off the charts!
**SAFTEY ALERT**  Check adjoining doors in room upon arrival - the staff does not close/lock them by default! :-(  **LIGHT SLEEPER/SHY POOPER ALERT** You will be both be happy! No one will hear you doing your business & you won't hear anything either! Fan in bathroom provides white noise & runs independent of the light!  **CLEAN FREAK ALERT** If hair, mold or peachy soap scum grosses you out - check your bathroom & tub before you make yourself at home. Overall room very clean.
Pay the $22 valet parking charge and stay at the downtown Hyatt House instead!  This location is sub-par...see my review!
Nikki & Devon at front desk are awesome! Very friendly, accommodating, upbeat & helpful!
The service at katsuya was amazing but disappointed with the hotel overall.
Free breakfast sandwiches!
Excellent rooms! Late night in suite dining!!! Great service!
This place sucks. Don't stay here. Ever.
You can't redeem Starbucks rewards here. :(
Awesome...and I'm drunk
I love breakfast here. Cinnamon rolls are delicious!
Love the time share..
Don't play the craps machine, it freezes when you win. Customer service is terrible.
Check under the bed for the sleep number controller if you can't find it out. Also make sure everything is plugged in. You may also need to hold the buttons on the controller down really hard to get it to work.
New classy, loved the interior. Wish they has better communications with their art bar and there hours of operation!
Service is great... atmosphere rocks...good looking people...very chill..
Service is not the same amongst the staff and also depends on the day. Got crap guest service the day of check-in but the next day was a little better when we went to extend our stay. Hmmmm....
Awesome place to stay. Beautiful suites with no smoking or gambling. Great view of the strip.
Park at the ft. Duquesne and 6th garage. 9.75/day.
Yelp Xmas party #doit
More than worth the price.  Make sure to spend time out at the fire pit and in the sauna!
Extremely rude staff, waited 3 hours in 120 degree heat to check in. Room smelled. Beware!
Don't stay here. Everything smells like smoke, the rooms are dirty, the beds are terrible.
There isn't parking on site.
On a tough travel day, Bill the Shuttle Driver was warm, kind and a bright spot in the day. Thank you.
Hotels are very Fun stay at  for awhile  Parking is hardest  Checking in is easy
Clean and shiny. So many glass beads hanging.
Alicia is awesome! Great customer service. She helped me put my bags away and also helped me change rooms shortly after. Had a smile on her face the whole time and seemed genuinely interested in making sure me and my puppy were happy. We had a lovely time at Wekopa.
Nice place, good service. Kind of quiet out here but a nice getaway.
Great location! Older rooms,good for what we needed!
Great location. Service was great. Free Wifi. Rooms were just okay to good.
Boouuzzzyyy
Fuel tends to be cheaper here
Wifi is horrible here!!!!!!
Handle all of your concerns with the younger Asian women who works at the counter. She's really good at her job. If you need to talk to the manager, she is usually in her office.
Nice place. Close to attractions. Clean rooms.
:D
Pam-damonium in the house!
Highly recommend!
$90 using Shatner as my negotiator!
Good luck trying to get their "courtesy" shuttle to pick you up late at night. Called them for about 30 minutes - couldn't get a human on the phone. Ended up taking a cab.
Disgusting hotel, rooms are dirty. I could cry, I am stuck here on travel.
Their sports book has better odds than the MGM
Favorite place on the Strip
Free drinks at slots. Just bet Max.
Finally back to rest after shopping!
Nice and clean. Friendly staff. Nice price also. I would recommend this hotel!
A nice hotel with a fairly good restaurant. Good for business dinners.
pahtay time!
Wow nice
Fire in 100 degree heat :T
Awesome
Best shoe shine I've had... Ask for the warm cookies
Walls are thin enough to clearly hear next door, especially when the shower runs next door-sounds like the wall is about to burst. Loud AC.
Owner since 1994 before Vegas resort was even here.  I am very surprised to see a charge for wifi. A classy place like this shouldn't add an additional charge rather it should be worked with the dues.
Nice place!!!
This place is pretty good.
The check in process is absolutely a messy disaster. Took an hour. Seriously??
There's no free wi-fi and you have to pay quite a bit extra for it.
Clean comfortable rooms. Very nice amenities and employees are very nice! Thank you!
CVS and grocery store nearby!
Good lord this room is sick.
Newest, hottest spot on the strip.
Stayyyyycation!
Trouble with machines? Gayle is awesome! Super sweet and helpful
Free wireless in the lobby, always busy, great location
The general manager is Bilal and NOT Ilhan
Bilal the General Manager is a useless dirtbag, avoid him at all costs
Make a reservation and keep it or they will charge you.
I have lived in Vegas for 8 years. If you enjoy playing poker, then Aria is the place to grind:)
So far not impressed.
Worst place I've stayed in a long time
The meditation room is so relaxing :)
do not stay here!
Worst. hotel. ever.  The place is a dump, the staff is rude and worthless.  I was told that they "have no quiet hours" and there is nothing they can do about the room full of loud partying guests next to my room at 3:50am. The van drivers probably don't have licenses and gas it on yellow lights, take corners at intersections at high speeds and drive incredibly recklessly. The food choices nearby suck and the area is pretty sketchy. May want to avoid this place if at all possible.
Ramada used to stand for something.
Don't go here, but if you do: shuttles consistently leave 5 minutes ahead of schedule. You know, in case you want to make your flight. God forbid you get stuck here another night.
Great place to stay for the price! Clean, quiet and comfortable. I would it recommend to anyone.
Pass on this hotel.
Viva Lost Wages!
Lovely
This resort is amazing, just far enough off the strip to get away from it all, but close enough to get there quick.. We have loved our stay.
Horrible. Gave someone my room key, and they burst in on me while in the bathroom. Then I tried using the jacuzzi and all black stuff came out of the jets. Then they once again gave someone else my room key. Not a good experience but the place was nice looking outside of what I just said.
as owners we checked in yesterday we were told that we could get a breakfast and a review a free buffet breakfast at the South Point casinothey tried to spend like an hour trying to get us to upgrade or membership and got mad when we refuse we bought the tix show tickets and they tried to tell us that are free gift for going to the review was the show tickets which we have paid for and got mad about that too very unprofessional
Love LOVE love it here. So clean and the staff really really friendly.
Glad we bought this time  share years ago,nice getaway
Go to the timeshare presentation on a weekday at 2. They appear tired by this time.
Just bring your spices and cooking essentials, everything else is already here.
Terrible experience.  They kept us here for 7 hours! Then lied about promised gifts
the hotel may be nice, but avoid the timeshare presentation.
Alert: this is a timeshare trap that will suck the life out of you for 5-6 hours.
If you decide to do the sales presentation just let them know from the start that you are in a hurry. They have a "script" they have to get through but their policy is they have to stop selling as soon as you say no.
If you are planning to stay longer than a typical hotel-sized shampoo will last you, bring your own. The tiny bottle was all that was provided for a 7-day stay. (Provided shampoo, lotion and soap pictured.)
Don't stay here! Rooms are small and dirty and service suckz!!!
Staying at my favorite hotel
Mama is home
Very comfortable, mini suite rooms
Free chicken wings n booze for diamond members!! Just have to tip.Super cool.
Breakfast at the Concierge Lounge was very basic, low standard. Smaller selection than Residence Inn.
Their lobby is great for taking pictures. So pretty, bring your camera.
They provide only 2 sets of towels per room. Usually it's 4 (not to mention that we requested "extra towels").
No free parking. $12 per night. More info: (416) 299 1500 (wrong phone # on Yelp).
Alternative to the taxi: take TTC Bus#192 from the airport to Kipling subway station, then subway to College station ($3 total, about 1 hour ride though) and brings you right to the hotel.
Concierge level on the 6th floor. Evening snacks from 6pm, desserts from 7:30pm - 10pm (cookies).
Soft pillows! This is the first hotel with softer and smaller pillows. Amazing! Love it.
Such small rooms, not great for travelers with lots of luggage.
Such comfortable beds! One of the best, I just loved my room!
As soon as I walked in, I was immediately greeted at the door with a warm smile and excellent service.
Max two dogs, $56 a night. No charge for service animals.
They have an indoor gym and outside swimming pool.
They have a waffle maker!!
Home for the weekend!
Roof deck service is slow but the views are fantastic
Beware the complementary Aria label bottled water... Not certain but it may have been the cause of some stomach distress I experience the entire time that I was there
Waaaaaaay too many dudes at this pool.
Awesome hotel. Beautiful.
Erica R has mixed up with the location of Howard Johnson Inn. She must have stayed at Howard Johnson Inn at Addison Illinois and she is reviewing the Howard Johnson Inn location at Elk Grove Village Illinois.  Erics R please check your stay location.
Oh yay... about to get this started @ At the Marquee !!
Kinda tacky decor
Patio doors in the rooms are now locked :(
And it begins
Day 2
Must brunch poolside at the Simon Resturaunt
LOVE this place!!
So sad to leave this beautiful place :(
Slumin it!
No free wifi
massages :)
Nice bed and overall nice room. The skytube is confusing. I suggest coming in from the street and not the casino!
Staying in a one bedroom suite. Pretty bad ass!
The room had a balcony but it was locked. The shower leaked. They charged me for my room twice. They were hella rude when I pointed out their mistakes and they treated me like shit. Fuck this Casino and the maloof bros.
70's theme brunch buffet with the music, the clothes, and disco vibe goodness!!!!
Nice place with an older 30+ crowd. Rooms actually have a kitchen with stove.
If your staying at Palm Palace side, park in the parking lot closest to the towers the casino parking lot way inconvenient !!!
Shuttle is free to the Coliseum Shops but luggage isn't allowed. So lame. So is the $20/day resort fee.
Penthause E
The only thing good about the Palms, is the staff. Freindly and they really want to help. Beyond that it misses the luxury mark by miles. We stayed two nights in the Ivory Tower on 52nd floor. Room rate is over 500 a night. (That isn't a mis type either 500.00 per night) I have stayed at Thrump Tower for a MUCH better room for 129.00 per night. Want a cheap room, Palms would be okay if the rate is less than 70 per night. I won't be back.
This hotel sucks!
Bad service!!!!
The girl at the check in area is a bitch. Sorry, but compared to the other hotels ive stayed in vegas this is the worst. Bad service. BAD!!!
Loved the fully stocked kitchens big baths
Try requesting for a higher floor to enjoy the sights and lights.
Terrible phone and wifi reception!
Eat at earl of sandwich inside the casino, good and cheap. Tuna melt with Tabasco is excellent.
FYI- balconies are locked and you are unable to walk out due to "unfortunate incidents".
Bad phone reception made me use their landline to call back home within the states. They charges me more than $7 a min without noticing. I would not use their phone service to make such "long distance" calls if my cell phone works. Their excuses were we can request to stay on a  lower floor.
If you like good service, stay away from this place. They'll be sure to ruin your stay.
Womp womp. No access to balcony due to stupid people ruining it for the rest of us!
Classy contemporary rooms. All rooms have spectacular views of Las Vegas.
Beautiful suites
It's a good place, I like it.
It's a good place, I like it.
Worst place ever.
You have to be 18 or older to use the gym. Please.
You won't find a better view of Las Vegas anywhere else. This is probably the best view despite my negative review.
Beware..HIGH WINDS often close their pool area. And they will LIE and say it's open.
9o96515 ew 4r33 ..2ww
Stay elsewhere
Perfect place to stay when in Vagas.
The staff was very welcoming, accommodating and kind.  Excellent customer service!!!
Our room had a mini fridge and microwave!
Awesome!
Pretty awesome.
At the great Az Teach In...on the job hunt again.anyone know of a good teaching job :-)
website optimization summit
If you expect to stay here and watch Coyotes playoff hockey, don't. They black it out in the rooms and act like its an accident.
Very nice but high in price. King suite didnt even have a balcony. Didnt like the fact that I had to pay for Wi-Fi.
Another five star experience at my favorite valley hotel. Renaissance rocks!!!!!!
$25 for a locker! That's a great value!
HRH!
Sweet place to relax before our flight. Complimentary everything... BUT!!! Tip them for their excellent service!
Birthday date night wo/ kids.
Wonderful hotel. Great shower and comfy beds
Horrible experience, manager Clay should be fired!
The lotion is awesome.
Beautiful night beautiful view looking down the strip toward. Bellagio. Stellar hotel.
The slots are fun, the club is the worst I've been to.
Love the suits here. Wishing the pools aren't shaded by the building itself most of the day though.
A pleasure.
Best club in Vegas
This place is pretty nice.
Just a few days of  R&R!
The Wicked Spoon.
I love Encore!!! I don't wanna leave!!!!
TERESA from reservation is a mad FUCKEN DOUCHE LMFAO!!! She needs to take a customer service class or not work there at all! Ppl like her will ruin d hotel's name w/out a doubt!
Love love love this Wraparound Suite 63rd floor/East Tower!!!! Happy Birthday Son! This one's 4 u!
dont matter what room you may get, they are all identical, the cheapest and the most expensive, identical!!
This place never denies me on my late check-ins
Pager friendly; thus far
viva las vegas
Yer yer yer
And so it begins
we aint done yet
Vegas BABY!!!
Weekend home
Poolside craps
Quite the scene
Pool party :)
Bye Encore! You da best!
Ask for T.
Relaxing at the European pool - sorry, no cameras allowed! ;)
Tiesto!!!
No WiFi on the floor. And expect to pay double in your room for laptop access and mobile phone.
Everything was awesome but there is one very big exception. If you are staying at the Encore ask if the Surrender night club is active! The music was so loud it vibrated our beds until 4 AM.  So in a nutshell no matter how nice a hotel is if you can't sleep a motel 6 is a better choice.
Tell your taxi driver to take Paradise from the airport to Encore. My dishonest taxi driver took me the long way for twice the time and the price. Not a good way to start my trip.
Hearing loud bass music from the 20th floor is really not fun :(
The absolute best hotel on the strip. Luxury all the way. The restaurants are top notch, the pools are awesome (love the European) and the rooms are luxurious. I'm never staying anywhere else and I've been to Bellagio, Mirage and Venetian. Not one tops Encore/Wynn. Do it !
do you want more
Clean and friendly.   Will be back next year.
Guest rooms are good size semi-suite.
Wonderful stay.
Amazing, simply stunning
The most uncomfortable bed ever. It's way too soft.
Call housekeeping to get harder mattress. Aria is the best hotel now!!!
I'll be coming again. No doubt best place five star and best place yet!
If you decide to get an upgrade for one of the rooms at a higher elevation, make sure you ask for one facing the strip or you end up in a room with not much of a view.
The hotel pool is very nice. The cabanas run for $600. They have an adult pool too.
It's just ok. Spent $10000 at craps. They said they can comp a free show. Don't think if you spend $10000 u will get a comp.ohh and the house keeping stole my medication.
Best hotel in vegas
No coffee maker in the room. What?!
Best hotel on the strip!!! Lavish, trendy, spacious, amazing restaurants - can't ask for much else!!
Consistently the very best in the world Steve Wynn is Amazing!
While they do have fridges in the room they are already stocked and you if you remove any item for longer than 60 seconds you will be charged. However you can call housekeeping and they will bring you a mini fridge you can use while staying.
Awful lines everywhere . Check in and check out . Very understaffed
Sandy from security just treated me and my fianc like trash because she sat down at a machine for a minute (shoes were uncomfortable) - we were waiting for an old friend and it just left us disgusted.  Walked right out the door and back to the Aria.
Enjoying the dealers banter at the poker room - especially Mark.
The only thing about the rooms that drove me nutty was that the glass shower stall kept leaking under the door. The solution came to me on my last day. Get a small towel and lay it along the door side. Worked like a charm. No puddle of water.
If you stay at tower suite. Be aware of loud music and bass from night club at night.
This is the best resort experience I have had in Vegas.
Do not get the late checkout! The house keepers knocked and came in multiple times to ask what time I was checking out (with the Do Not Disturb Light on).
Never had a bad experience here. They always are very welcoming!! Hottest spot in vegas for sure!
There's no other place I'd rather stay than at Wynn|Encore.
Do not come here. Rapists and murderers I will be pursuing legal action.
La Reve is a MUST SEE if you are staying here....and even if you're not!
Need better coffee than Hotel coffee? There is a Expresso Royal within walking distance of the Hotel!
Clean and great a/c!
5th floor was quiet and great beds!
Even though it's super close to the airport you can't hear the planes in the rooms.
Love the hotel and services. But the smell of the entrance is just gross!
Love the hotel and services. But the smell of the entrance is just gross!!
Shuttles to Planet Hollywood.
Just please don't come here it smells awful and everything is crappy, don't be fooled by the pretty decent lobby
Hi this place isnt very good so...
Hi this place isnt very good so...
If you're traveling for work, this is the perfect place. Off the strip enough to have some quiet and free parking-- close enough to have some fun at night.
Fun place not expensive but a little loud.  So not for the light sleeper.  Staff was friendly. Room was clean.  Loved the decor.
clean, modern, updated :). compared to bellagio: old and rooms are small and stuffy!
Complementary breakfast was delicious! 24 hour gym (only cardio machines). Feminine products in women's bathroom downstairs. Everything is nicely decorated!!
Love this Hilton. Super nice rooms. They even let you open the windows by a couple of inches in all the rooms so I can get some fresh air!
The lobby bar is a very comfortable place for an after work drink, even if you are not staying there.
About this...... i didn't want to leave. Breath taking view!
Try the veal folks I'm here all weekend.
Make sure you are making your reservation at the correct Doubletree.
DON'T GO to the Longbar if you want to drink. Shitty service, even for downtown standards.  I won $500 playing vid poker but only gave them $2 in tips... $1 for every drink they gave me in 50 minutes...  Would've have given them $40 in tips if they would just notice my existence
Typical Holiday with professional team.   They have the right atitude and the best breakfast
Warm cookie at check in.
Use your priority club card. Bring your cooler and chill in the lounge.
Poker room was cold for me last night...but Bkackjack was hot!  Good night with the Wards!
Typical hibachi grill food and prices.  Food was great. Service slow.
Cindy's bacherlorette
The lobby area reminds me of a typical upscale Korean movie/drama
Hollar!
Balconies!
Incredibly shitty policy of not helping us with shopping bags that contain food BAD service. The one rainy day in Vegas and I'm hauling wet breaking shopping bags through a hotel lobby with a bunch of chumps watching me
Awesome fun time I can't explain how much fun this place is ;)
I would personally take my own blankets and pillows!
Bring everything, this place has no cups, plates, soap or smiles.
Stay away from this hotel and the awful owner, Donna. The Holiday Inn Express on Polaris in Las Vegas is much better!
There is currently no General Manger in place to handle concerns and/or complaints at this hotel. The owner's personal assistant/bookkeeper, Laura, has been designated as the "Operations Manager" but she doesn't even know how to operate the hotel's property management system. If you're like many other guests who have a problem that needs to be addressed, I would suggest reaching out to IHG Corporate, or if you dare, the owner's email address is kenna2@cox.net. Donna is the owner.
Nice Spacious Rooms and good customer service.
This hotel has a lot of dog visitors! They have treats for dogs at the front counter!
Vegas #1 dinner and show! Marriage can be murder...
I'm exhausted.
This place is horrible. I would never stay here again... Please review my post and pictures and you will understand why.
Beautiful heated outdoor pool! Make sure to take advantage of a relaxing morning swim before check out :)
Party de bureau au 30e tage.
There be no cable tv here
How nice, air conditioning doesn't work and it's hot as hell in July - this place needs to get their shit together.
Walls are paper thin, can clearly hear the people next door and they're using their indoor voice.
Pour le stationnement, il y a quelques rues sans parcomtre tout prt.
Had the Sunday brunch. Very good
By the way, y a un spa ici...
Dim sum tous les jours 11h30 a 14h, 2h de parking gratuit!
Prendre une chambre du ct nord est beaucoup + silencieuse que du ct sud, on entend moins l'autoroute
L'auberge offre un brunch du dimanche servi sur la terrasse l't.
Nice - but pasta with rabbit scares me. "I'm hunting wabbit"!
Designed well.  Favorite.
Looks good.  People working here don't look the part.
LOVE
Love, love, love the design, location and staff.
Great modern elegant masculine design with impeccable art and the staff is brilliant.
Bright and full of originals by Warhol, Lichtenstein, Miro & Stella, yet still has an old world breezy vibe. Kinda place I could live in.
Amazing pop-art collection - Warhol, Lichtenstein, Rosenquist, Miro, Motherwell, Stella & Salle.
J'y vais surtout pour le gym, et parfois la piscine. Ce gym est hyper-tranquille, extrmement propre et les employs y sont trs amicaux et serviables.  Bon, il manque quelques machines que j'aimais bien ailleurs, mais a fait la job, comme on dit.
Pour le gym, il y a souvent des spciaux. Le prix rgulier tant assez lev, soyez  l'afft des offres! Dans le doute, informez-vous  la rception.
Lunch on the rooftop terrace is just beautiful on a sunny day like today
Great ole hotel in a great location
18th floor bar has a great view of downtown T.O.  But it's very small.  Maybe 10 tables for two.
Dont get the breakfast deal offered from the hotel....bad service and food..
Try the roof top terrace! ;-)
Their reception hall on the fourth floor is the best for conferences with 100+ participants. A LOT of natural light; I love it!
the divider is perfect when u have a young child
Organized, clean. Spacious. Pleasant. Get there before 10:30 or line is long.
Holly makes some amazing cocktails!
Cute rooftop patio.
Great place for meetings or workshops. It's like a maze and amazing! I discovered it during the Blue Met Festival.
1pm checkout is awesome if you've been out drinking & partying the night before!
Helpful staff which is key for a bumbling tourist like myself
Hello Montreal!
The hotel staff is friendly but the location is somewhat accompanied by some strange individuals on the street. Very close to the old Montreal though.  Too many windows facing each other makes it a need to close the blinds.
Terrible service. 5 star restaurant. Order 4 meals and 3 come. Then wait 2 hours for the fourth. Food was not tasty and the whole experience: horrible.
Blue goose event scotch nosing
Beautiful hotel. Reception staff was nice and friendly. The room was A LOT smaller than I thought it would be. But everything in the room was very clean and with very nice finishes and a big flat screen tv.  We enjoyed our stay.
$26 for the afternoon tea service
I'm only here for the Lockheed Martin conference, nice hotel, park in the back!
There are hotels way closer to the airport, but none have Fairview shopping center right across the highway, walking distance.
Great service for afternoon tea (provided you can get a spot). Smoked salmon sandwich is my fave. Scones are delish!
You can skip dinner at Prime because it's overpriced and not very good.
Social Feed!!!!
About as outdated as typewriters. A resto that's living on an old name. Pass!
Chic and trendy boutique hotel. Great staff. Great location. Complimentary breakfast.
Fabulous concierge service, meticulous and friendly.
Nice sculpture in the lounge bar, very helpful and accommodating staff
Meeting!
cinars!
cinars
It reminded me of staying in old Vegas...as if it were something nice in '87 to '93.
Fun bar, especially with free drink tickets for guests.  Wouldn't drink here without them
Solid room, nice lobby, friendly staff, FREE WIFI. It's free. Automatic 5 stars.
NO FREE WIFI WHAT IS THIS TOMFOOLERY. Bring a credit card and be prepared of spent for Internet hahahah, or have lots of phone data, or don't stay here.
Thanks Jetsetter. Excellent rooftop bar. Great for after work drinks. Later head down to 701
Rooms small but nicely remodeled
Awesome hotel.  Hit the rooftop for drinks.
Book a balcony mini suite
Basilique Notre-Dame de Montreal is in this square!
We paid over 1,000 for the Executive suite for two nights for our first trip after wedding. There were two parties going on in the hotel, ground floor. One party room is right underneath  or sounds like right beside our bedroom...the loud bass and music literally keep us all awake!   I called the hotel and all they can say is sorry- no compensation mentioned or anything at all. We were here for taking a break from busy work. We booked the Executive Suite! Shouldnt have such bad experience!
Bring earplugs with you to use over night - the heating is a bit loud.
BEST large jacuzzi tub ever...
The best hotel stay ever. The staff was incredible.
There is an elevator inside that leads you to the gallerie du parc mall without having to go outside
Decent quality room, no bedbugs, free right-wing news paper.
a boutique hotel full of nuance and character.  no, Americans! it is not big, it is not "customary"...guess what though? this isn't America!
Closed / Ferm
Le prix des consommations n"inclut pas les taxes
At the yelp table for beer fest, come check us out.
You have to see this suite and view!!! I've died and surprisingly gone to heaven!!!
Breakfast is incl. during your stay.
Full hot breakfast each morning with your stay
First time staying here, so far nothing negative to report, in fact it's neat clean and very spacious.
Ample hotel parking at $25/dy CD about $22 US.
Hotel has been newly renovated the third floor,my floor, most recently.
Pool is adjacent to the exercise area
Great little hotel, love the kitchens, breakfast was so so, no foam pillows as promised :(
Free wifi, valet underground parking, large rooms, incredible showers, wonderfully friendly service, great location.
Don't come here unless there's no other choice.
Bartini is a very cute small cocktail bar. Sue is awesome with lots of helpful Montreal tips.
They will lie to you here. Whatever you do, do not let them send you to their auxiliary accom. You will regret it horribly.
Small rooms, not worthy of it's price point-extremely cramped quarters.
Eight is gr8
Most knowledgable front desk staff in the city!!!
Always check the website for special offers.
Small 5 star boutique hotel -10 floors. Junior suite is nice but I got the king size suite! Worth it!
Moxies restaurant is attached. Just stay & come downstairs or order room service all catered x Moxies. Great to book for weddings & special parties. Park n fly;shuttle takes you to your terminal.
Valet parking is $50 for overnight guests. Park across the street at the Canadian Opera House (entrance on York) for $32, which is open 24 hours
Parking uses plate recognition. There are cameras at the gate before you get into the parking lot. You have to register your licence plate number at the kiosk in the hotel to get in and out of the lot.
Tap the black circle in the elevator with you me room key to select the floor that you want.
This place is in not what we hoped for. The curtains don't close so the light comes right in. They're not broken, they are not designed to. Found an old muffin in the closet, yup a muffin. Been thee a long time too. Lamp doesn't work etc etc. Great location but that's it.
Great location for walking everywhere. China town, Old town and shopping district.
If you plan on using the hotel amenities take the time to scout them out first. Pool and gym are fourth floor for example. Lots of people walking around list with no need. Great hotel.
Excelente localizao
Never again!!
One of the best in Montreal
Beds are too soft but like the glass pool !
Not bad; not the best. Valet parking is a plus.
Free WiFi and balcony WiFi
I made a reservation for the terasse about 3 weeks ago. When I called to confirm it, I was advised that each person must spend minimum $50 each. This was the first time I heard of this minimum purchase. I cancelled it.
Went on websites for a great deal,  in the same price range as the Chelsea but seems much nicer...  Will come back for an update once I trully get a feel for the place
Go on different websites for deals on this hotel cause it's the only reason why should go. Low price. In return,  a bed and that's it.
I liked it here, quiet but close to all the clubs and bars
Use booking.com for incredible deals on this hotel. Very clean rooms, hotel on quiet street but within 5-10 minutes via walking or driving/cab from most main tourist attractions. Clubs/restaurants/lounges etc.
Great location and close to Metro!
Cute hotel
Ignore negative reviews all Managment, and staff will answer any questions. This is safe area, not everybody lives in urban cities. People will not bug you on street put your fierce NYC look on and go!!
Become a member of there loyalty program, club Gouverneur.
Terrasse Nelligan
Terrassin'
Service sucks. Majorly. Nice view, I guess. Still not going to come back though. Ever.
Breakfast in club room had eggs that looked like they were made from powder. Pushbutton coffee machine that makes you pine for filter.
There's a strike going on, so be aware of crossing picket lines
Farewell... Till next time, I'll ask for a room facing the back and higher to mitigate noise!!!
No more valet!!! Yeah!!! Now u park and lock, much better!!! Just happened 4 months ago, it's a great move.
Free wifi!
Free wifi!
Stylish hotel, but I prefer not compromising style for function. It's hard to keep a modern room looking modern without a closet.#praticalityfail #openshelvingregrets
Very Cosmopolitan Hotel In Downtown Montral!
Gorgeous!
Completely remodeled lobby, resto, bar.
Nice beds, nice bathrooms, AWESOME glass bottom pool
Nice view!
No fitted sheets unless you're past the 11th floor...
Good location
Cool budget place to sleep. Staff is friendly and the location is incredibly quiet even though it's downtown.
No bueno. Nice staff. Mediocre chain restaurant quality food. Pass unless you're starving.
Order the scallops as a starter. You will not be disappointed!
The restaurant has a great outdoor area with good shade overlooking Victoria Square!
Great coffee next door at Tim Hortons!
Love this place
Clean affordable and great people
Great place. Comfortable beds, nice staff, and an amazing location.
Best hotel and hostel in Montreal. I work here so my opinion shouldent matter.
Very pleasant upscale bar in old Montreal. Pricey but enjoyable. Avoid the chairs with the low backs...very uncomfortable!
Great place to relax and listen to DJ on Sunday afternoon
Front desk is happy to reserve you a town car for airport. Cars arrive early!
The artwork installations in the halls are reason enough to visit!
Drake, you melt my travel tired heart! Thanks for the soothing music :)
Drake, sweet Drake!
Free breakfast, and 24 hr coffee/tea for guests! The croissants are not to be missed!
Friendliest front of house staff!
First official, unofficial hotel guest!
The bathrooms: through the sort of marked door, opposite the elevator, behind the bar. Once inside, ensure you check if the door has actually locked-- they're a bit tricky!
Good location. Nice & clean rooms. Valet is super easy!
great customer service. rooms nice and clean. placed inside of a commercial centre. overall good
Beaux lieux luxueux !
De bons souvenirs en bonne compagnie !!! A dcouvrir lorsqu'on est a Montreal!
It's awesome!
What a dump. This hotel screams 1972.
Hotel seems great!  A beautiful atmosphere
Canadian, no drivers license, no passeport? ain't going at another youth hostel. This place accept health
North tower has better views and slightly newer rooms. South tower has outdated (older) spacious rooms. Tiny, limited gym; get a day pass at Good Life instead.
Great location, cozy bed and 24h coffee!!
Fueling up before after party. Amazing cookies!
Romance package : vine & breakast for good price
Looks dingy on the outside; inside is beautiful and accommodating. Staff is really friendly and appropriate. Location is amazing
Really nice lobby and shops.  Extremely friendly staff that help you have a nice time.
Awesome service here.
Great rooftop, delicious food, and cool crowd.  Service could be better.
Great hotel
Plan on using the metro so you can take advantage of the free check in drink.
Check in first to unlock 25% off your first stay!
Pay a little more and get a superior room with a private bathroom.
Airport shuttle. Use it or face a steep taxi fare (apparently 20$ minimum when you leave Pearson - though it wasn't posted anywhere so hoping I didn't get hoodwinked!)
Wow.  What Trump aspires to be. I spilled blueberry juice on my shirt and they attended to me with 5star attention. Food outstanding.
Decor: expect eighties feel to decor. Food is okay but not what I would expect.  Desserts are excellent. Service is a little stiff.
Some odd food combinations and strange English translations, but well cooked, professionally served, and entirely approved of.  "Modern" French cuisine, with locally sourced ingredients.
Un place avec une ambiance lgre et romantique. Je l'aime beaucoup.
Wonderful gem in Montreal and the food is unbelievable.
You choose your own bed, so the earlier you arrive the more choices you have.
Early bird get the worms. In this case, the best beds and the best choice of toast.  You can do an early check and have a bigger choice of bed.   On the morning, the early birds don't have to compete for the toaster and coffee.
Why are you staring at me in the shower?
On weekends it's almost as if there's a douchebag magnet underneath the hotel bar.   Fascinating.
Queen West Art Crawl
Come on down.
Indie Music Awards
For summer this is a cheap accommodation near down town
Very Nice Spanish-style Hotel/Resort surrounded by mountains - extremely relaxing setting.
Limited free parking on a adjacent street.
Check out the hotel website for discount packages if you plan on staying min 3 nights.
The Wifi password is 20202020
This SPG property seems to be pulling back on the Suites upgrades for Platinum members.
Stay is much improved -  room temperature, service.
Smooth check in. Rooms are clean.  Sheraton is trending upwards.
The place where they always know your name..
Friendly front desk.
Am spoiled by the softest bed...
The staff here is A-1!
Free hot breakfast buffet with made to order omletes.
Pictures are deceiving
Restaurant is great but the bar on the terrace is a bit primitive
Walking distance to old Montreal and Notre Dame. Cool exposed brick and rustic vibe.
Montreal, here we come. Completely different from Toronto, knowing French comes very handy. Downtown tomorrow. Happy #Ester
Beautiful brand new hotel. Hotel staff is exceptional!!
Our home away from home! Wonderful and attentive staff.
Have to pay for Internet.
Bring your swim suit
Expensive daily parking.
5$ scotch on Tuesdays!
Parking is free along Beaconsfield Ave.
beautiful old-fashioned hotel
Great service at the bar! ask for Adrian.
Haha. The rooms only have one bed. If you're two colleagues one will have to sleep on the sofa bed. Arm wrestle?
vp meeting
PADI Diving courses are offered here with TotalDiving
#scuba course.
Total Diving courses are offered here   #scuba
Cucumber water, strawberry water, biscotti and teas in the lounge. After 4 years of coming here, I still love this place.
The spa is amazing!!! Deep tissue massage, gorgeous amenities, large as spacious, SO CLEAN! Great service and tea/flavoured water. Will always return.
The spa is amazing!!! Deep tissue massage, gorgeous amenities, large as spacious, SO CLEAN! Great service and tea/flavoured water. Will always go back.
NOTHING is included with the room.  Parking is $10/day, in-room WiFi is $15/day, you can't even use the fridge to store your own drinks... Factor all these extras into the total room price when comparing prices, because it's not as good a deal as it may seem!
Cheese Sliders here is really good!
Breakfast is good if you avoid the steamer tray eggs
Outdoor seating is nice
Only 20 free parking spots at the hotel, so once they're full it's $19 a couple streets away :/ no in/out!
Vegan brunch and dinner now served here by Chef Doug McNish
Simpson's trivia is Tuesday night, once a month. Woohoo!
Stay in the Regency Club rooms. Includes top floors and access to the lounge for breakfast and a really nice evening hors d'oeuvres buffet.
Pool, outdoor terrace for sunbathing, gym, sauna, steam room and a zen/yoga room included on la piscine level.
Nice place!
So far this place is great. Clean, large rooms and friendly.
NO FREE WIFI! It starts at $15 a day. Are you kidding me? Also the $45 valet may be convenient, but they are so lazy and provide such bad customer service you are better off parking in the green p just a couple blocks north on the East side of Bay St.
Le lounge au 37e est son secret le mieux gard!
La terrasse sur le tot du resto-bar a une des plus belles vues en ville!
New hotel
Recent renovations are really starting to make his place look great.
Park at the library across the way- assessable by the metro & food court you do Niue have to troop through snow- or pay 20$+ at place dupuis.
For sure use the valet parking. Unlimited in/out and only $5 more than the adjacent lot.   Montage is now one-way towards St. Catherine.
Not too shabby.The only negative:you can clearly hear the music pumping from the bars on st.Catharines on a Saturday night!StayOnTheEastSide
Maiero get ur butt here
Nice and clean with a lot of space. Great value!
If the exit for terminal 3 is closed, look for the detour. Also look for Sheraton below the departure signs.
Try your best to park on the street, else it's $15 in a garage (but they have laminated directions)
Amazing rooftop vibe, delicious margaritas, in old Montreal, enjoy!
Hospitality suite is huge- but at 6:50 am expect to hear the breakfast buffet on the 4th floor start with people chattering. Do not get fooled this is not an upgrade.
Pay for parking? Well that's inconvenient.
Great boutique hostel with cheap parking
Checked in on Facebook, showed the receptionist, saved $10. Yelp next?
Le poulet tait juteux et trs bien cuit...Les frites taient  point sauf que la salade de chou qui accompagnait avait trop de vinaigre ce qui ne naissait pas sortir la saveur du chou...
Lots of snooty, pretentious people - I haven't even sat down yet!
Grab a green apple on your way up to your room
Fancy dinner time
A must stay if staying in Montreal!  In the old town,  nice quiet neighborhood.  Lots of cafes n bars around and just a short walk to the Metro.  Staff super nice and helpful!  Very impressed!
Use the concierge service.  Very very helpful!
If you are looking for a quiet night for a good sleep ask to stay in a room in the back of the hotel. Street noise at the front of the hotel is loud late into the night. Delivery trucks arrive very early in the morning and are even louder.
Great rooftop terrace with a great view of Old Montreal. Average age group 25~40.
There are two self serve parking lots. The front is $18/day and allows in and out. The back is $16 & is bigger, but does not in-outs.
Upgrading to the executive level for $40 was so worth it. It includes access to the executive lounge with breakfast, snacks and beer!
Nice penthouse reception.  Great pool and green areas.
Nice hotel... just the night staff at the lobby didn't appreciate check in at 3am :)
Good deal through hotwire, otherwise not worth the stay. Ok room but noise the whole night on the hallway...
Perfect location.  Smallish rooms. Loudish air conditioners. Nice staff.
Not the dim sum
Refused to accept room on lower floor, double-doubles seem to attract noisy college room parties.   Given Deluxe King 24th floor, great view
Awesome pool and work out room!!!
Great area near subway and good place to walk. Booked this hotel online and paid $60 per night. Solid deal. Paper thin walls so be careful what you are doing in the room or excite the neighbors.
Poor cable tv connections
Decent hotel
Pretty darn nice for a Fairfield , with a bar!
If you drive a truck or van you will not be able to use their underground parking and will have to find a spot close by. So just pay $12 per day across the way at the Grande Biblioteque which is actually cheaper than the hotel. Good location to see downtown and Old Montreal
If you drive a truck or van you will not fit in their underground parking garage I found out the hard way. Had to pay $12 per day across the street at the grand biblioteque. Good location to see Montreal though.
If you drive a truck or van you will not be able to use their underground parking and will have to find a spot close by. We were not aware of this and had to pay $12 per day across the way at the grande biblioteque.
Not bad location. Needs to be updated. Close to metro and shopping .
This hotel needs a makeover.
Location is decent and lot of eateries around. Hotel has parking but only for short cars. My truck wouldn't fit and I was left to my own devices. The decor is dated. The guy at the front desk wasn't the friendliest. Good point is a pharmacy, boutiques and food court downstairs.
Don't shit on the walls like the person before us in room 1817
Don't shit on the walls like the person before us in room 1817
Definitely try to get a room on the top levels so see the city. Gorgeous city.
Parking garage is very tight for large SUV.  Not recommended!
The rooms are HUGE & Spacious with high ceilings. The Suites come with a MEIK. Visitors are greeted by friendly & courteous staff. Garage Parking is provided for a feasible nominal fee.  Our stay incl a Room on the top floor & with a complimentary Contl BFast. Love the locale! Bienvenue
Bonjour Montreal!
Great Sunday Brunch starting at 10:30am!  hot and cold bufffet with good variety and best of all the view is beautiful and peaceful.
No air con makes for hot hot hot!
Delicious margarita!  The terraces keep us for hours. Fish and chips is average.
Super cute building and rooms!
Fantastic location! Nortre Dame is right behind the hotel. Olive et gourmando and lake is all nearby.
There is a fireplace in the Living area. So romantic on a cold winter night!
Crappy hour is on!
Come up to my room events for the interior design show week in January are  not to miss!
Pecha Kucha!
Chocolate afternoon tea. Take that, dentist! Cc: @samenga
Chocolate high tea in the fall for the chocolate festival.
Live music and wonderful cozy fireplaces. I like the gin basil smash cocktail.
It's all about the rooftop!!
The staff are nice, the food over priced, and the free wifi is slow as heck.
Fully stocked apartments
Great location and view. Meat plate is delicious
Parking garage entrance is on Av de l'Hotel de Ville.  Take elevator to hotel lobby.
Breakfast is not included and it is very fancy but good food- small portions.
Amazing!!!!
A club and a pint on the last day of summer
Lunch time :)
Awesome view!
A lobby that says "no loitering allowed"
A hidden gem. We've just enjoyed a scrumptious lunch in elegant surroundings. Excellent and courteous service by traditionally costumed staff (think, Downton Abbey) will disorient you. 2012? 1912? I'm not sure anymore...
Wednesdays is whisky tasting day! A flight of 5 for 45!
Just FYI: kitchen doesn't open until 5pm!
You get what you pay for...
is it still open?
Last call at the bar 12:30 midnight :(
Excellent food (I'm Polish), low key ambiance. Try The Primer for a bit of everything!
Nice lobby!
Nice hotel
Great lunch in the hotel restaurant.
Great place
Really nice hotel
Camomile Lemon tea post massage at the Away Spa.
Amazing hotel. Customer service is top notch. Best hotel in Montreal! :) Very modern and hip. They really make you feel welcome and don't want you to leave. Between the 2 bars, lounge and restaurant, it has a resort style of feeling, there is plenty to keep you entertained at the hotel.
High end modern decor with tons of extras
Awesome PLAT upgrade to a suite!
Irishman of the year breakfast
Very knowledgeable concierge.
Feels like Spring in Montreal right now!
2 members at the concierge seemed to be annoyed that I spoke to them in English instead of french.
Great hotel !! Centrally located and very nice in all facets !! Can't go wrong staying here, that's for sure !!
The door man was amazing! Customer service was overall exceptional. Great stay.
Perfect apple tart, not so large selection of entrees but all are done well
If you're there after an event and the lobby is packed with people waiting for the elevator, take the stairs to the second floor and catch the elevator there.  Much faster.
Walking distance from Via rail
Smelling like manure today.
Good-looking, friendly and helpful staff
Ooooh Fancy schmancy! Choice of vegan meals served at weddings hosted here too :)
Make sure to confirm "complimentary" late 1pm checkout WELL BEFORE 12pm otherwise you'll get dinged for $100
The "free" wifi suxxxx
Love this place. Great rainshower in the washroom.
My last night here and in Montreal until next time :-(. I will miss this place!
Love this place! You must try the duck!
Florals everywhere...let my pamper me weekend begin!
Nice staff bathroom.
I want this bathroom in my home!  Love, love, love the shower!
Good location, quite, clean.   I was upgraded by the hotel as the checked in room AC was broken.
Good to be back!
Good look, they upgraded me to the Executive Suite.
Avoid room facing north toward Nathan Phillips Square - church bells start ringing from Trinity Square at 5am!
Very good breakfast selection included, but if you're a serious tea drinker, be prepared to visit Timmies' :)
Cool room with kitchenette, and really friendly staff!
Be warned: drinks are billed differently than most places - jacked up for tourists - a double will cost you the same as two drinks.
Watch your bill!  One of the members of our group was charged for an upgrade even though they didn't ask for one ($20 plus tax per night).
Secret party downstairs!!
Good service! The breakfast Buffet is BEYOND GREAT!!!!
Fantastic gym with a sauna open 24/7!
Pet friendly
Beat breakfast in the area
Ask for the renovated rooms, away from elevator
Oh, and le petit chauve barbelu keyed my car. No joke. Unbelievable.
Clean rooms and extremely comfortable beds. Location is great, too!
Book on Priceline.
Know the bar manager. Trust me.
Steam room is not 4 star. Dirty and in need of a makeover. Same with the hot tub.
Get everything they promise you in writing.  I "thought"  this 4 star hotel would be on the up and up- they are not. Yesterday they stressed me out so bad- I was in my room crying for an hour. Im in town, as they know for my brothers funeral, my brother passed away last week- they are adding to the stress. They wont compensate their screw ups to my stay better. More on this hotel when I check out... I will let you know at the end of my stay - if they did anything nice ...
Get a drink at the bar!!!!
good location, corporate rate, decent rooms )though a bit small), good service at front desk, has a gym, and close to shopping.
Bad customer service, id recommend staying at another hotel.
Need some renovations to maintain the 5 stars standards
Awful rooms, tiny boxes that wreak like an ashtray. Marriott is the way to go.
Love the hardwood floors in the rooms! I have always felt that carpets in hotel rooms were icky :P
Wi-Fi is awesome. Really fast! :)
No fridge or microwave :( So if you eat at a really delicious restaurant and have leftovers you can't really take it back to the hotel. *Edit* on a different stay we had a room with a mini fridge, but still no microwave. So I guess some rooms have fridges and some don't.
You get 2 free water bottles every day :)
Parking is now $24 a day, in-out privileges
Casey's Bar and Grill in the lobby
Super swanky. Parking is $24 a day for in and out.
Internet is $14/day. Free at Starbucks downstairs.
$24 for underground self parking per night
Club Sheraton closed until jan 6
Free continental breakfast!
They start clearing the tables 2 hrs before the end of the night
Under renovation -  breakfast hosted at Ragata
Breakfast ends at 11:30am, Dinner ends at 10pm
Everything is great about this place except the service in the bar
Great atrium lobby for drinks & a quick bite!
Make sure you explore St. Catherine street which is just a block from the hotel.  That is one o the historic streets in Montreal!
Do NOT book this hotel.
Get the "condo" room if you're staying over a week because they come with a kitchenette.
WARNING! Grubs and bed bugs everywhere.
Very nice hotel, big rooms. I would recommend to anyone who is coming to Montreal and should stay here. It has free wifi internet just ask the front desk for the password.
The wifi is a weird situation. You have to pay for the high speed in the too but it's free in the lobby. Chill in the 'mad men' lounge and do your 'work' down there.
Ask for late check-out; we got until 2PM. Usually hotels offer 1 hour after regular, but this one was a bit longer; regular check-out is noon.
Don't touch anything from the mini bar unless you are willing to pay; EVERYTHING within the mini bar is weighted and you will get charged. The water bottles with the yellow tags as well.
Good price and good location in downtown montreal.
They have limited parking spaces at $15/day.
This was the grossest hotel I've ever stayed at. The ceiling in our bathroom was leaking, there's dangling dust and stains on walls. There was dark black hair in the bed, dust all over the tiny TV w/ no remote, rust & poop stains on the heater in the bathroom, the toilet ran all night, the carpet is dirty, & the room was the size of my bathroom at home. I hope nobody stays here and they get shut down. They shouldn't be in the hotel business. The manager did nothing about it when i talked to him.
The bar had a nice view from the street  The blonde beret was cold and smooth  And the place was rolling  Try it out !!!
Lovely hotel
Always get your confirmation number when reserving. It would have saved me 10 minutes.
Lots of parking underground.
When the hotel bar is closed you can buy drinks at reception and still sit in the bar. Hello awesome!
So the bathroom wall doesn't stop light.... Maybe this is intentional? Kinda stupid if others are trying to sleep. Picture shot with room lights off.
Bar not open on weekends :(
SPG (Starwood) has the best hotels and Aloft takes it to a whole new level.
Closed.  Don't have any issues.  Staff polite.  Room clean.  Been staying here for a few years whenever we are in Montreal.
Their breakfast buffet is quality quality quality! A high class breakfast!
Great art?
Join Delta's Privilege loyalty program and get free WiFi.
Crowd is stuck up but good service at bar.
Have to update. Nothing beats the a Ritz. Absolutely nothing!
Great service with very helpful concierge staff and super hi tech, elegant room
Venue is elegant. Foos was Fab. Service sensational!
I like everything!
Not close to a bank although they have an ATM in the lobby ($3/transaction)
Easily booked through hotels.com
Bose iPhone and iPod clock and charger in the room. Sweet!
Fancy hotel.
Room 215 has no flaws..
Free wifi and bottles of water in the room!
Try the breakfast! It's a must
On saturday evenings, there is an amazing buffet!
Nice location at vieux montreal
It's cold in Montreal!!  Lol
Balcony, club lounge access, pool, sauna, gym, squash court. Fantastic amenities and proximity to everything!
Don't eat here. The food is horrible and way overpriced. Rooms and staff are great though.
Decent hotel at a good price. Location is key.
Uh ewwe..nice staff though
Le petit djeuner vous laissera sur votre faim, mais ce ne sont pas les alternatives qui manquent (par exemple la Brlerie Saint-Denis, juste en face).
Urgh.... loveless, grey, hot, and loud.
Smells nice in here !
High tea... Cute set up, friendly service
Guinness tasted a bit... Watered down?
Rooms are comfortable, delicious continental breakfast, very helpful staff....only issue I had was the extremely slow elevators.
Great wifi speed, though they change the password almost daily without informing guests.
Unbelievably spacious rooms, great service, fairly good breakfast included. Great location in downtown.
$38 / 20 minute airport cab ride
The junior suite was so cavernous that the kids played beach ball in the family room without bothering us in the bedroom.  If thinking about upgrading, think no more...just do it.  I have NO regrets.
Non-alcoholic cocktails on the menu!
If you eat at the restaurant...I hope you have Diane as your waitress. She is GREAT at her job:)
The room is nice - but the tv is small.  Great service at the front desk.
This place is super nice and in the heart of Montreal.
Beautiful hotel, bathroom worth the stay alone!
Under renovations. Be prepared for missing carpet and half painted walls.
No elevator here!
Great location
People are super nice here. A great cnclusion to a crazy day!
They have free toothbrushes if you forget yours :)
Expect mobile internet to be a nightmare. On-site restaurant is sub par at best and expensive(do not eat here unless you MUST). Hotel service is excellent however.
Check to see if your room is a smokers room - ours smelled heavily of cigarette smoke.
Right next to the highway. Not that you hear it from your room. Nothing to eat around.
Pricy as expected from the hotel restaurant.  Half sports bar. Ordered $14 hamburger. Greasy bun. Came with a salad which was pretty good.
Free popcorn in the bar!
Devenez membre HHonor. Une nuite gratuite aprs quelques sjours !
Nice and clean and good for the money
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10153436502931799&id=616481798
Make sure you have cash, and if you were in-town for the weekend, the weekend metro pass is good. Oh and the hotel is descent. Good customer service! Just don't book your room with hotel.com
Great place for date night!
Great place for date night
They can sign you up for the Starwood hotels member at check-in, which gives you a free drink and free Internet.
Free breakfast from 6:00 to 10:00.
The phone number listed here is incorrect. It should be 416-242-7400
Looks older from the outside but very clean and modern inside. Front desk staff is very helpful and friendly. Hotel is in a circular shape so be prepared to hike to your room depending on where it's at in relation to the lobby.
Watch the electrical outlets, our friend who has a pace-maker, got quiet the shock!!! Owner was not friendly and uncooperative.
The Oka salad is BOMB!
C spcial de voir des avions dcoler au dessus de ta tte...
Nice hotel , nit too dated, averaged price ,
Outdated!  Bad internet connection.  Close to metro.
Be forewarned, the spa is actually across the street. The pictures you probably see online are taken across the street and not at the hotel itself.
Beware when booking online they will downgrade you to a smaller room.
This is a nice place to stay. Always clean and the staff is always friendly.
Demande  Alain des conseils sur le vin. Il a des lunettes et les cheveux long grisonants.
Stephanie at check in was very nice and gave great recommendation for a brasserie where we sat on patio and enjoyed beautiful evening
Use to be dumpy now chic. Small group meeting today-nice boardrooms, decent food, good atmosphere. We'll be back.
Euro value chic
You fancy
Great little cocktail bar
Fun staff and comfortable atmosphere. Jean yves is get
wedding
wedding
Great meeting room facilities on the 18th floor. Food and beverages good too.
using WiFi and having another $20 Omelette ;-)
tiff luncheon
TIFF admin day...
TIFF Industry Center
Industry
#TIFF2013  Awards Brunch
Private screening "Sarah Prefers To Run"  #TIFF13
rooms are much smaller than expected
Tip: don't be gay... If you are, the doorman will call you a "fag!"
Way too pricy especially for a brand new hall
Incredible! Clean! Free parking while you go away
Movies and drinks....
awesome lounge area with complementary cappuccino
Parking is 10$ per night unless specified by your package/ reservation! BUT. If you're eating at the restaurant, just give your plate number to the hostess for complimentary parking!
If you are parking your car, take a photo of your license plate for faster check in!
Stay over night and you can use the full service fitness center for free :) full service means they got towels!!!!! :D
supporting my friend audition for the bachelor canada!!! break a leg Fi!!
Work in the building but never stayed until quite recently. Beautiful rooms, exquisitely designed and very comfortable.
New menu. Try the friend chicken. It WILL change your life
Super clean bathrooms. Cleaned every hour on the hour
I found a plug. next to table Right next to Starbucks
Uh Oh! Big smoke Burger has closed down! Burger King to replace it
Free wifi. Lots of seating. Plugs may be difficult to find
Celebrating my friends wedding here. Hours de vours were very good. Can't wait for dinner and they have free wifi.
Hate this hotel
At the Yelp party
Ok for a night before a flight.
Toronto adventures is here behind the spa
Doors Open.
First patio of the season at the Caf. Busy at 11. Do make reservation online.
Live music, attentive service
Nice patio area!
Free wifi (usually $12.95/day) + upgraded room for my Birthday. *Room 452, centre stadium view*
The Absolute Atrium Lounge carries a wonderful and wide selection of vodka, effectively making this a great martini lounge. Note that their martinis are not cheap, but so are many great vodka.
You gotta go to the top. The rooftop is where it's at. Looking over beautiful Toronto skyline, oh and yeah they have a swimming pool at the top! What?
Old school colonial event happening across from here at the park!
They moved from the old location 2 years ago
No air conditioning in the winter so rooms are too toasty warm!
The front entrance is actually behind the building
One of the coolest venues in Toronto because it has an old bank vault as a room you can rent out in the basement.
Check out NXNEi (the I stands for Interactive) every June. Great conference, you'll learn a ton!
Tweetgasm
Melody Bar just relaunched this week and the new look is really nice.
Howdy #Tweetgasm! Monthly Twitter meetup in the Melody Bar is always a good time.
hiya #tweetgasm
#smwto
Some cheese thing going on tonight here
#smwto #smwtoroi event
Fantastic traditional Japanese Restaurant.
Club Markham, try it
Club markham, towels contain stains and hair
Beds and pillows are awesome! The have their own honey farm up on the roof top! Parking is $48 bucks a night :(
Get a room facing south side to avoid a noisy night sleep with planes flying directly over this property
Club level upgrade is definitely worth the extra cost
Great service, awesome room and great sleep. The pancakes never disappoint.
He claims Canadians are dishonest. Why have a business here in Canada then?! What a fool Trump is...
Newly opened Aug 28 2014. Friendly crew and fresh everything smell
Check out their "4 Play" deal: $16 for lunch and $29 for dinner. Four different dishes that rotate daily!
Check out the 4play deal! $16 for lunch and $29 for dinner! Comes with four different dishes!
Be prepared for a little exercise and to walk up quite a few flights of stairs to get up to the rooftop patio :) not recommended to walk down if you've had too many drinks ;)
Valet service is inconsistent, 10 minutes of waiting in the room and 10 minutes of waiting in the lobby... Take note: $50 extra charge for overnight parking, service should be impeccable! Sadly not the case.
This hotel now carries Le Labo products ... Rose shampoo is excellent!
Best view in the city is the rooftop
Beautiful hotel. Clean lines and crisp linens
This hotel is extremely dated/run down. I attended a meeting here and since walking in everything looks worn and poorly maintained. I'm surprised at the quality of the facilities seeing as the hotel is a chain property. I'd never stay here overnight.
Small rooms but a great location. The staff were nice and the hotel is modern/clean. Great for a 1 or 2 night stay.
Cocktails aren't the best here, but the atmosphere is nice. Like the Madeleines baked to order.
Chili is really good!
Lounge has delicious salmon, cheeses, fresh fruits, hot chili (vegetarian and meat), and staff is so polite! Gym is a bit of a walk but there are free towels
Great little boutique style hotel on York Street.  I look forward to each and every stay here.
Parking is now $15 a day
They don't take reservations for brunch so just sit at the bar...  no wait and you can eat!  Bar is the best place to sit anyway
Great ambiance.  Good buffet.  Here for Mary's Birthday
Big space, good for family. Quiet. Breakfast is free. Some units have stoves.
Management is understanding, made out stay better.
The beds are fabulously comfortable, and the offer a great variety for their free breakfast. Two computers in the "business centre". They also have a pool, hot tub, and sauna.
Oh - and free wifi!
Great prices, kitchenette, and convenient location with a view of the CN tower
Nice! A bit spooky to get in but worked out well so far. Deets to follow in review.
Best Hilton in Toronto
Really gorgeous hotel! Right be the water, nice view :)
Very convienent but small, old hotel.
3rd floor/double bed room. Very spacious
Best hotel around Union, and might I add best lobby as well!
Connected to the PATH underground walkway. Large, gorgeous hotel.
The lobby scenery is seasonal like the weather :)
Best hotel for clubbing in the district!
Lovely washroom
Feels like a condo, not hotel room ;)
3rd night at the Thompson, everything
5th floor suite!
Lobby lounge has live music, beautiful atmosphere, great drinks, good looking crowd.
Ran an event here for work and will be back again!  The location is unbeatable and, although the exterior is aged, the interior meeting rooms and public foyer are very classy!
Parking is valet but has in and out privileges.
We use this hotel for meetings sometimes.  Handy spot for this purpose!
This hotel is connected to the subway and has business meeting facilities.
Pay the $40 to valet park, and stay late the next day. If its not busy, it's never a problem.
this is actually the tip from the waiter...no milk in the black & blue tea.
menu changes very frequently. Always new and interesting dishes to try and the Caesers always kick ass
Saturday and Sunday brunch until 4pm.
Conference room sucks :( poor lighting, seats uncomfortable... Only good thing is there is a Timmies downstairs :)
Love the fluffy pillows... My head just sank in them. Amazing service and drinks!
Free stable wifi and free breakfast
Complimentary late check out 1 pm
Another nice HI Express, a small hotel but new renos and very comfy!
What a beautiful hotel. Inside and out !
Summer Social!
Unbelieveable new location! A must see!
Really enjoyed the food and drinks here :)
Birthday impromptu soire ! Yay!
Amazing whiskey tasting this evening!
Awesome old school classy bar with great food! Try the avocado frites!
Valet parking only...$40 plus tax per night. Take care of the valet staff, they do a great job. Situated in the heart of the entertainment district. Walking distance to pretty much everything.
Pink berry ... Yum yum
Reuben (aka Montreal smoked meat) is pretty good and reasonable choice at bar. Free wifi.
Rates as low as 79. Free drink for gold SPG. Pretty good deal. Wifi too.
Get here early. They run out of valet parking. Delta gold status "doesn't include parking" acc to the manager. Better: stay at the Fairmont.
Fast breakfast before John heads back to LA.
Ok stay, just one night. Nice gym and pool. Airport shuttle pickup from airport a bit long of a wait. But short ride. Free local calls. Slept well.
This place has been so good to us
Perfect spot for a xxx dirty martini and a quaint Art Deco hideout. Great view if the city!
Stopped in for a nightcap and I wanted to book a room.  Wow. Music, see-thru fireplace and ambiance .... I was impressed. Great spot for an aprs dinner date drink
love this place for after dinner drinks. Great live band
Classy place
The staff at this hotel are amongst to the nicest I have encountered in this city.
Love this lobby!
Drinks with friends
Closed in Skyard makes an awesome and cozy winter patio.
The room is very old no mini bar and you have to pay for parking
Nice place for an aperitifs
Small rooms ... But clean.... Close to all the bus and shopping... Also close to restaurants
It's okay I guess
OMG the grounds are filthy and it took 3 rooms to finally get it right A dead squirrel for three days on my way to pick up my car. Which I had to pay 16.00 dollars a day to park outside.  Never again I must say staff was very friendly and accommodating.
Tuck store in the lobby with snacks and cigarettes!
Parking is expensive
Lousy service in the lobby lounge.
Very nice staff.
Newish. Nice decor. Big room. Comfy bed. Restaurants nearby. Hotel has a full bar and limited food menu. Breakfast and dinner. No room service. 32" LCD TV. Satellite TV service is herky jerky for some channels.
Loving the Aveda toiletries!!
Free wifi!
Forget Real Sports before the game. Slide over to the comfortable sports-friendly lounge & enjoy Steamwhistle and Mill St Organic on tap.
Make sure to make a reservation for afternoon tea ahead of time. It gets full pretty quickly.
Charcuterie Monday! Little pricy but so good!
Do not come and waste your money!!
Nooner!
Cheaper parking across the street
Great boutique hotel, however the restaurant is so so - it's good food, but not great for what you pay.  I had the goulash, too salty.
They decided to upgrade their computer system at 4pm on a Wed. Apparently because the it guy refuses to work nights. WTF?!?
International Women's Day Brunch
The breakfast is good, workout area is good, and I got a great nights sleep. I've stayed here several times and have always enjoyed it.
We stayed in two rooms on the top floor of the south tower. They were filthy and smelled of stale cigarette smoke. Definitely below my expectations of a Hilton...
Be careful not to burn yourself with hot water when your neighbor flashes the toilet. Painful. Parking $35 - expensive.
Staying on club level, you either get access to the club lounge or for buffet breakfast-- not both. Club room doesn't look too exciting though.
$8 flavoured martinis.
Parking is expensive and their sister location is the Pantages Hotel.
Sister location is the Cosmopolitan Hotel
Nice place
Free shuttle from S5 on the lower level in Terminal 1 (also picks up from T3).  Runs at 20 past and 10 to the hour.
Best value for money!
Nice location but keep in mind the parking lot meter
Great place, great music Very poor service  The food is ok but a bit pricey
All the rooms just underwent a renovations along with the lobby. Despite the old looking building it's not too shabby on the inside.
A free shuttle to the airport that departs every 30 mins or less of there are people waiting.
The file in my room had a promo for discounted tickets to The Second City. Highly recommend using it if you have a free night.
Very spacious rooms. They even have a grocery service and free breakfast!
Free wifi in the lobby. No such thing in the rooms.
The checking time at 3 pm but if you like to checking early you should inform them before you checking.
If you plan check in early, you should inform the hotel ahead before you come in
Getting my black pudding on!
A pint of cool, creamy Kilkenney takes the edge off moving day!
Better than average pub grub, friendly wait staff makes this a good choice for casual dining in Port Credit.
Ordered fish and chips.Batter is heavy and wet!Large portion though if you can eat it!Just going to eat the fries.
Always a reliable pub!Guinness hot pot is gorgeous!
Great
waiting on my shuttle!
Fancy hats are so much fun!
Staying overnight and room service order which we were waiting for over an hour was "misplaced." Discount?!? You're joking. Treat your paying customer paying over $350 a night worse than walk ins? This place is the WORST.
The quiet side of Vegas.  Love it.
The couches in the lobby are positively carnivorous.
Nice room, nice view.
Great hightea and impeccable service at the Lobby Lounge. Loved the scones with whipped butter and jam and I recommend the white rose tea - very fragrant and light!
Stay away
An indoor AND outdoor pool? Yes please.
Well-maintained pool. Bar with good local brews. Soft beds. Yep, that's the trifecta.
Beautiful grounds, big room, and the people are so nice and helpful.
I see someone saying they had to pay for parking... We didn't have this issue unless we somehow got under the radar.
Ask for a room that isn't on the first floor since the blinds don't close 100% - the tracks that hold the thick blinds don't even go all the way across.
Be aware they charge your credit card for the security deposit instead of just holding it on file - in case you have other payments coming out.   They do let you pay $200 cash instead as well. I assume debit as well.
Parking is not free, neither the breakfast...
Decent rooms but the king bed rooms are very tight in space.
Walls are super thin... You hear everything!
Beds are comfortable
Sign up for IHG rewards to enjoy free wifi and more elite benefits
Front desk staff is awesome. A weekend guest left some things for me for a few days and they had no issue safeguarding them for me
Bring a reusable water bottle for the pool. They have filtered cool water available for free. Way better than the $3 bottles from the convenience store!
Great staff and homey rooms! Free breakfast everyday and free dinner mon-wed! Definitely bang for your buck!
Arrive well before 5pm to take advantage of the complimentary happy hour.
Nicely placed , next to every thing from pub to airport all at same location!
Darn tootin' fried chicken w corn biscuits!!
Great Mars landing cocktails!
Wifi = free (connection isn't great)  Parking = $10/night
Free outdoor and indoor parking. Wifi is not free, unless your an SPG member.
Parking = $5  Wifi = free
closed
Worse hotel In all of downtown, don't be fooled by the fake pics on the website... Rooms look nothing like it
#tweetgasm
Worst wifi ever.
#tweetgasm #prettyinpink don't forget to wear pink- like I did
#tweetgasm tonight in the melody bar!
Rolling Rock $4.88
In the Waterpark, when you hear the water tower "clanging" the bucket is getting ready to dump the water....
If you are driving, leave extra time to look for parking. The lot is across the road from the Inn and currently (May 2014) park of the construction zone for a nearby condo.
Lovely decor. With the rooftop the bar and the underground there's something for everyone
The Sunday brunch is amazing.
Burlesque show!
Celebrating 51 years of Yuri's space walk!
Expect a wait on the weekend if you don't make a reservation
All the photos were removed by Yelp and the rooms look nothing like the website representation. #lies
Avoid the hotel lounge Monarch ' s Pub. Better food, drink and service in the area.
Make reservations good in advance.
They serve breakfast
Make a reservation for afternoon tea and sit in their new patio!
Restaurant. Beyond bad.  Really.
Refreshing lunch spot out of the Spadina dust.
Brunch sat/sun 11am-4pm
Excellent seaweed wraps! Heated lockers,slippers, robe, lounge, teas, fruits,fire place,fishtank. Arrive 2hours pre treatment,enjoy hot tub!
Excellent seaweedwraps! Vichyshower is a must. Effleurage is my fav massage. Arrive 2 hours pre treatment,enjoy non co-Ed hot tub! Friendly.
Drink specials menu is now gone from the regular menu but they still do them everyday--ask about them!
Ask about drink specials-- that menu is now separate from the regular menu.
Wifi hasn't been working for 2 weeks
Found needles, crack and meth hidden around my room. Also found a slice of pizza under the bed. Disgusting considering we were paying around $200.00 per night. We brought this to the mangment and we were not switched rooms, but given a 10$ off voucher for Shoeless Joe's. The next visit, there was no blow dryer working and they couldn't give me a spare. I had to air dry my hair and was an hour late for dinner reservations. No microwave, iron, converter, coffee maker, shower head or lock on door.
high tea service is ridiculously slow. dont come hungry or thirsty
Like most hotels, not a lot of power outlets. Toss a power strip in your bag if you have a lot of tech that needs charging.
Hanging out with boyz
The room keys didn't work to start with, has to go to reception to get them activated. Even though the hotel has non smoking rooms, our room smells like smoke. Yuk!   Pick a different place!!
Guy at desk was sleeping and he didn't pick up the phone when I called 3 times
$5 Martinis from 4-6 pm :)
Lobby smells like smoke.  Only stay here if you have to...paper thin walls.
Not quite as ritzy as it seems.  Loud foreign guests and running toilets.  Disappointed.
Ideal for families with strong immune systems. Rooms seem a bit worse for wear (I.e mold and stains are common in bathrooms) and staff seem a bit harried.
There is free parking in the P1 area of the building, and the lobby of the hotel is on the 12th floor.
Ask for the wifi password at the bar or...check out my photo! Hahaha
Loose leaf tea is still bagged but all tea pastries were very tasty!
Try their brunch...I hear it's amazing. Not so for the dinner; you can skip it!
You'd think this calibre of hotel would upgrade their Internet policies
Parking here in their huge lots ,even as a guest, costs money. Boo
Food is not worth it.
Where funky meets chic meets hip
The coolest place west of Kingston!
Really critical to get a bayview room.
Weak wifi Room ok Tight bathroom  Ugly hallway
Good clean room, free wifi a complimentary breakfast. I would stay here again.
Real close to the 400, but still not very noisy.
The man said "No photos in the hotel, please."
There is no pool!
DJing in the lounge till 11!! Come for free cookies!
DJing in the Lounge till last call. Rock 'n Roll, surf, soul and garage every Monday!
Excellent stay but the pool is closed right now
Great appetizers at the restaurant bar
Vodka and cram rocks
Parking is $12 a night.
Pool is open until 10pm, whirlpool until 10:30pm and gym is 24/7...all on 3rd floor. Apples are provided.
Expect to wait a long time. It took me 20 min in line before I gave up and went to the bar. Fuck this place.
It takes a fucking age to check in. Expect to stand like a twat in the lobby for nearly half an hour.
Always a great spot for brunch. Love the salmon bagel, eggs benny (served on a biscuit!) and the breakfast burrito.
Family-friendly hotel: swimming, activities, restaurants
Their lobby has one of the nicest washrooms in the city. Underground parking access off of Bedford.
Crazy busy tonight!
Yeehaw! No line!
Grad Party or Prom?
Stay here, the efficiency, organization, design and style are so non hotel in the best way possible. I love it!
Starting to look a bit run down, which is surprising!
We're doing the wooly booly! Where else?
Rainy Sunday afternoon jazz at the Rex  A classic
Good jazz n Malbec!
Great music
Waiting for my parents :D !!!!
A ver a mis papiiis !!!
Really good spread for the breakfast buffet. Shame to be too hungover to enjoy it.
Awesome rooftop hottubs
Exemplary service. Worth the splurge!
Beautiful place across from a nice park!
It's right on the subway line and you will hear the trains rumbling in the women's hot tub/sauna every 5 minutes.
Enjoying the pool on a sunny hot day
Great little fitness facility
$10 cover on Friday and Saturday night.
TV response rate very slow when changing channels, so be patient. :-) corner rooms very spacious and quiet.
Fab rooftop pool
Here's my tip don't even go in here. Just keep driving to the next hotel.its a dump really a dump.  Embarrassment.  To Toronto.
Accessibility: The "accessible" rooms are not truly wheelchair accessible. See my review for details. If you require an accessible room, DO NOT stay here.
First Friday of the month is classic hip hop in the Underground. Amazing.
Grand Hotel... But It's In Toronto
Great hotel, just in Toronto.
One last night in Toronto, I'm doing it up right!
Love the place but for me, more particularly the location just off of the Gayborhood and gay bars of Church Street. But be you gay or straight you can't  beat the rather sumptuous rooms and  amenities for the price.
Interesting crowd and expensive drinks!
Livin' large
Always good times at the good ole stone. @gloriaroheim
Great customer service
CUTMR
Kevin Quain - voc/pno. Mill St Cobblestone Stout. :b
Beautiful, cozy place to grab a drink
$30 extra per night for parking
Get the breakfast buffet!
Courtyard is $20 cheaper per night.
Super comfy beds but the staff are very cold!
Don't get the mojito. Seriously.
Trivia nite on wed.
Matisse restaurant has a KILLER clubhouse Sammy
My husband was almost robbed at 3pm at their bank machine & they never filed a report til a month later after numerous complaints.
Home of the brand new #tweetgasmTO hangout!
Ask for a room with a view if the CN tower, the check in staff will so this if you ask!
Come in for afternoon tea.
Head straight to the rooftop patio, but arrive early; it gets busy.
Checkin out some awesome slam!
Check out the slam poetry the last Saturday of every month.
Intimate concerts in the basement, great patio on the roof.
Such awesome concerts.
Pear and lemonade...add booze if you wish...delicious.
Canadian Festival of Spoken Word events all week.
Come early to avoid cover.
Yelp party! Free drinks!
Uber cozy!  Loving the city view.
Master chef auditions!!! Wooohoo
The burgers are fantastic. The staff are great. Come for a late lunch and stay through. Thanks Kayla.
If you are a Diamond HHonors member, wireless is complimentary.
They don't accept debit
Best music evarrrr
The decorations are dated.
Finally got a chance to try the fried chicken and waffles for brunch.  Delicious. Recommended.
All guests get continental breakfast Wihoo!
Trivia nights!!
Apporter de l'argent cash, l'entre est payante !!!
Fantastic views of the downtown core!
Location is great. I'm on my second room and it is run down after 7 years.
Working from Inn Mill this week. Gorgeous place!
Here for #magic8ball
Awesome location friendly staff:)
Pool/Jacuzzi ok, rooms are comfy and lobby are is gorgeous! Service 4*!
Very close to airport and rates were reasonable
Pretty long line to get in despite getting advance tickets. Arrive early on NYE (before 10:30)
Modern and new hotel with easy access to Crystal Shopping Centre and the tram.
Free breakfast!
Construction across the street starts at 7am!
Happy hour in the 2nd floor lounge on Tuesdays.
Cookies by the front desk in the evenings are so good!
Free morning shuttle between 7a-10-!
They were out of cookies by 8p :(
There were still 2 cookies left by 730p!
Don't forget your room key when you leave...like I did.
Cory at the front desk is awesome.
Nice location with some great service.
Built in 1903. Going through a Reno, but it's welcomed.
Consort Bar is a great place for a quiet lunch meeting. Food is pretty decent even at hotel prices. Pizza, club sandwiches, and fettucini pasta is delish.
Slept too good.
You can ask for a specific room when you book. Also, there's a free drinks table outside the rooms (tonic, coffee, soda, ice, etc.) and alcohol is only $6.
Nice hotel with a good layout, though the reception staff could really benefit from some customer service training. Excellent location very close to bars and eateries.
Sexist washroom set up makes me never want to visit the drake patio again. Ever.
Obtain or have the  Holiday Inn /IHG membership before checking in and your wifi will be free during your stay. Picture is a view from my room.
Wood floors instead of carpet, nice modern decor and very clean. Very glad I chose this hotel! Super close to everything! :)
Lame. Do not go here! Not worth the cost should be a 2.5 star hotel.
Nice accommodations. Bed is very comfortable. The hotel seems to nickel and dime for certain services most would expect to be included. Wifi is VERY spotty in rooms.
Nice Rooms...
This hotel is great - comfy beds, great view, perfectly situated in theatre district.
Great bar with Jazz on Thurs, Fri and Sat
Nice hotel unless you want to use the Internet. I felt worse than the 90's and dial up. I won't stay here again because of it.
Clean, convenient & Ikea looking
Don't stay here unless you want bed bugs.
Roof top bar has the best view in town!
Best view
Such a beautiful lobby and upscale hotel, and the washrooms look great but WTF is with those automatic flushers. Sprays you, the whole stall, and flushes every 5 seconds the entire time you're in there. So gross and so stupid for such a(n attempted) classy hotel
Unbelievably quiet. Stayed 3 nights and didn't hear a noise from outside my room. Comfortable beds and convenient location too.
The real deal. You'll be hard pressed to find a more authentic jazz/blues experience in Toronto.
the grand banking hall is a gorgeous space you must see  wifi is available in rooms as of May!!! and be sure to grab drink at lobby bar :)!
Cocktails.
Chicken strips are a great late night room service option.
Shabby,  worn-out room with no windows (!!), carpet dotted with stains and no air flow... Plus, cigarette smoke emanating from longterm rental adjacent to my room. Would not recommend.
Not worth it to park your car here if you come late at night. They charge you $40 and you have to move it at 11am or get charged another $40.
Great food and incredible service from Lili!
Problems with their heat system- yikes! and no in room dining for breakfast.  Food is awful
just finished a 3 day stay here...pros..suite was nicely appointed...separate bedroom...bathroom clean  well laid out. suite was quiet..had small balcony..kitchen fully equipped. enjoyed the boston acoustics  media center .negatives the bed ..extremely hard..uncomfotable
Excellent place to stay, service is impeccable, location couldn't be better, and accomodations are beautiful.
Check out the rooftop and the pool!
The have the Hogtown Project here :) $50
$10 Special Today..cheese agnolotti with shredded duck, sundried tomato + arugula in herb and butter sauce!
Today's special is Fusilier Pasta With Sweet Corn, Tomatoes & Basil
Complimentary shuttle to spots downtown during the day. First come basis.
They have a nice, fresh breakfast on the mezzanine level. The staff is friendly and the setting is upscale and bright.
A perfect getaway! The beds are super comfortable and soft
A very fine hotel in Yorkville. The hotel is only 4 floors, but the rooms are beautiful (darker woods and marble) so more on the masculine side. Service is excellent. Hotel is modern. Expensive but worth the price.
Amazingly fast room service and customer service. Impressively fast.
Chicken taco!
Nye
Monday at The Drake means the ribs+mac'n'cheese blue plate special!
The food is excellent but be prepared to wait. The service is slow, slow, slow.
Brunch with the girls! Great patio.
Finally! And a visit to Timmy hortons to boot... A good night!
Good gym, indoor outdoor pool.
Needs a revamp but dependable as a hotel through Hotwire or Hotels.com.
Skip Ruth Chris and go elsewhere.
Odd number rooms faces the CN Tower, the smaller the number the closer to the elevator bank and better view to the tower, pic taken from from 22nd floor
Starbucks in the lobby
Get the executive upgrade if you can, the included, continental breakfast has a lot of delicious options
Beer and ganja.
Blazing fast in room wifi
Lots of great restaurants in the area. Stay away from the food here it's some the worst I have ever had. Room service hamburger was barely edible and the nachos were a joke
They offer soy milk for coffee! Bonus for the lactose crowd.
Very Nice hotel at reasonable price. Don't forget to try the Bartlett Pear Martini!
Avoid the hot tub on the rooftop bc there are bugs in it.  Do not try to use the heat yet either bc it is not working!!  #Disappointing
Very good buffet breakfast from 630 to 930 don't miss it and the best part it's free
Good place to stay with $19CAD self-parking in a gated underground garage
Home sweet hotel...
Room 4453, two bedroom, 2.5 bathroom, 1600 sqft suite with 360 views of Vegas!
Chandelier bar, Marquee, pizza joint. Henry's!
Best hotel in downtown Toronto.
Awesome fitness room with a variety of equipment, open 24/7!
Join president's club for quick check-in
Free wifi. Very polished and spacious lobby for a Marriott.
Eh...alright, but there are better options.
What a hotel!
Amazing!!!! The hotel upgraded us to the junior suite for my husbands 50th birthday!!! The hotel was great and the Tigers won both games we attended. Would definitely stay here again!
free wireless internet, much appreciated...
The narrow hotel parkade routes to each level can be difficult to manoeveur in larger vehicles...
The breakfast buffet for $14 is not a bad deal... Law will return....
Very nice hotel. An upgraded version of a standard Marriott. Excellent gym. Very good breakfast and Caesar salad for lunch. Service was very friendly!
Comfortable modern rooms. Really excellent yoga classes. Could be my new go to Toronto hotel. Have to check out breakfast before I decide!
Found cheapest last minute deal on hotels.com
Congrats Jill & Peter!
Decent business hotel located Downtown - very close to the hockey and baseball stadiums
Note, valet parking is EXPENSIVE! ($47 as of June 2015)
Top notch friendly service Clean Comfy Refurbished  Central
worst hotels l haven't seen bad rooms for staying don't waste your money
worst hotel ever seen
Old but good enough for the price. Not far away from everything you need.
Karaoke madness
Great friendly hotel with tidy - modern rooms..!
Don't eat in the restaurant downstairs it's horrible. Being extra pillows there are only 2 with the room. Bring a heating pad because ur back will kill you after you sleep. Don't go here if u have OCD
Worst hotel stay in my life. Will never go back.
This place is beautiful!!
During lunchtime, the restaurant offers an Indian lunch buffet. However, options are limited, especially if you're a vegetarian.
Very elegant lobby!
Great service, but very outdated gym. Equipment and decor are straight from the Karate Kid era.
Free Internet in the lobby, you don't need to be a guest.
Get a membership for a room upgrade. Tell them it's your anniversary.
My home away from home!!! :)
Great hotel, stay here if you can. Service is 5 star all the way.
Nice hotel. And at $70 a night it's tough to beat. The rooms have all the amenities you could ask for. Obvi you should avoid the snack bar/tray & mini bar like you should at all hotels as the prices are ridiculous. I haven't tried out the pool but I know there is one. Also the greeter at the door is awesome! He has recommended two very good restaurants in my two nights I've stayed in the hotel. I also got lucky enough to be here during "martini week". How can you complain about $5 martinis?
Great decor and centrally located. Good base of operations
32 CAD for parking downstairs, which comes with in and out privileges.
SPG suite night award is awesome!
Health club is awesome , they also give out waterproof running maps.  If the weather is nice go for a run along the water!
You can rent workout clothes including shoes!
Hotel is very nice. Gym is nice, great pool and whirlpool as well.
When they send you the customer satisfaction survey do it and express all your concerns generally for your next stay they are all taken care of for you.
I'm really enjoying our stay here. Friendly and helpful staff; the decor is modern and the rooms are very up to date and clean...definitely worth the price.
Bed bugs. 1 star.
Acoustic brunch on Sundays is a treat. Accordion, clarinet, violin, trombone and more playing folksy jazz.
At lower limits, the dealers are fairly unprofessional and will pressure you to make quick decisions to increase the pace of play. Boo!
Slow service
Party de Nol de la division de cardiologie
Busy before the game
Ok place small rooms beds and noisy bed
Nice Service AT from desk . Very modern clean and beautiful.
Cool patio
Paper thin walls. Fails the quiet test.
Centrally located
Renoviertes Hotel mit etwas unbersichtlicher Lobby aber ausreichend groen Zimmern. Die Zimmer sind klassisch nordamerikanisch, aber an sich in einem sauberen Zustand.
Great overall. Please invest in larger elevators! They are sooo small
Nice bar with a bunch of rooms.. Would have loved to go on the patio but the line was never ending at 10:30 so partied downstairs.. Would have loved to hear music with words but still had a dance haha.. Enjoyed myself and so did friends!
Parking is not free
At the mobile marketing conference
Great martinis. Awesome aprs dinner.
Tip for eating in the Sheraton Restaurant/Lounge: order everything at once because service is quite slow!  [For example: 3  glasses of wine, marinated olives, pasta, and the bill]
Darius is great to check in with!
Definitely join the loyalty program!
Try the Gladstone Burger with Cheese AND bacon. Srsly.
tweetgasm!
#Tweetgasm
Food a bit overpriced, tasty but kinda not worth what it is. Used to be real
Cover band at the Melody Bar gets full marks for their energy and enthusiasm
Sunday family brunch is great! Live Bluegrass music and great food. What more could you possibly want?
Had a great stay here last year. My boyfriend picked the hotel after reading about it in the New York Times and thought it would be great since I love art. It was the perfect stay; excellent service, one of a kind room, and a great location. I would love to return to see more of Toronto and the neighborhood!
Terrible worst place I've stayed sandpaper sheets and dry rooms
The Drake is home when we make our annual pilgrimage to Toronto.  Very hip but not at all trendy, the staff are real --not 'programmed friendly'.  Simple rooms with very cool minimalist design.  Everything with excellence in mind.  Love the Sky Bar.  Artful. Favorite hotel anywhere.
If you are getting the mango mimosa, which you really should try it at least once if you like mimosas, give it a little stir before sipping to reincorporate the ingredients.
If it's crowded downstairs you should check out the upstairs patio.   It has a full bar and big tables for groups.
Upstairs heated patio is perfect for hosting a private party.
Afternoon Tea available Monday - Thursday $24.95 per person and Friday - Sunday $29.95 per person. Reservations recommended.
Afternoon Tea available Saturday and Sunday with seatings at 12pm, 12:30pm and 2:30pm. Reservations recommended.
They have live music in the lobby until 11pm - always great local bands!
Oh - no direct calls between rooms. You have to call the front desk and have them connect you (if they are actually at the desk).
Very good service. Very clean and modern rooms.
Very nice place, clean and friendly. Can't ask for more.
Very nice place. Not many services as some of the bigger hotels but nice San clean. I would stay here again.
When I checked in here on Yelp for the first time, I got a complimentary upgrade on their hotel room to a suite.  Too bad I just came for the brunch.
So I've  stayed at marriot, but this one suck.
Super friendly staff :)
They are currently doing rennovations - so the outdoor pool is closed.
The wifi is free and it's very fast.
Grabbed a bite in restaurant since no food on flight.Good but not cheap
Shop around for room rates here as they are very variable.
The breakfast deal they try to sell you on at the front desk is a huge rip off. Just go to Tim's across the street.
spacious rooms
Happy hours every days at 5:30.  Free bar
Just for a town hall
Buy water from the little news agents up the road!
Sign up for a basic President's Club membership to get free wifi!
There is a lot of construction in this area but the hotel is beautiful!
Nice place with nice staff. Great old world feel. Perfect location.
very nice. great beds. good location.  good service. what more needs to be said .
Great locale.
They are renovating this grandame property. Be sure to ask for a newer room.  While some of the old ones are spacious - they are quite long in the tooth.
Don't come here, it's not worth it.
Droves of flying insects were everywhere. I think this was a seasonal phenomenon but still irritating nevertheless.  Amazing views of the cathedral
This is a great hotel on the Strip for families -- non-smoking facility and a building away from the crowds and casinos so you get the best of both. Best part is the upgrade to a suite with a view of the Bellagio fountains. Will definitely be coming back here!
Great spot with great drink options - perfect while waiting for Momofuku dinner reservations. And the bathrooms, wow!
I love this hotel!  It even has my favorite wine, Mirrassou!  Great gym and very comfortable.  Love the wireless!
If your new in town and don't have anything to do in the night, the best part of this is the downstairs bar that closes at 3am. Serves as a good backup plan.
It's pet friendly!
3 boys 2 beds... good luck u 2 hahaha
get the buffet of buffet bundle!!! its as if u got the room for free... almost...
The front desk girls are awesome, some of the best customer service you'll get.
Horrible stay. Called the front desk 4 times because the tv didn't work and no wifi. The phone just rang and rang. The place stinks!
Service here is good.
Check in is on the 6th floor, but there's no signage to tell you that, and the valet won't offer such a helpful tip.
Wifi is very slow.  Even the premium wifi is pitiful!
Not the best service. Get crowded and room availability becomes an issue. I booked via priceline and ended up getting a sofa bed.
So cute! Love this place!
At breakfast, tell the waitress if you'd prefer a latt or cappuccino instead of regular coffee.
Nice older Hotel Great location
Hotel customer service doesn't seem to care too much that we are next to a very loud party room.  I will not come back here.
A little dated in places but decent rooms and attentive staff
Best location for theater goers. Super short walk to Princess of Wales theater.  Beware of the partiers tho... if you're not a heavy sleeper the drunks and smokers will keep you up most of the night. Let the front desk know you're not club hopping if you plan on sleeping at night. They do try to keep the partiers & 'others' on separate floors.
No free Wi Fi. .. waaaahhhh
It has a nice roof swimming-pool and jacuzzi area, but it can get really crowded   and noisy with little kids at all times. Don't get me wrong, I adore kids, but I suggest that they could  reserve 2 or 3  hours daily  only adults so it is more enjoyable for people with no kids.
Shallow pool. Wouldn't swim in it.
Dump.  No coffee no toothbrush food sent back it was so bad. Avoid at all costs.
Nice, clean, and quiet.
This hotel is so clean and cozy! We love our room!
Been here 2 weeks. Figured I better check in
Take elevator by door D at Terminal 3 after customs, go up to 3rd floor and follow signs to hotel lobby
A very grand conference hall. Love coming here
Thin walls. You can hear any business from your neighbors. I mean ANY.
My one pet peeve about this hotel was that the carpets in on our floor (3rd floor) absolutely reeked.   Staff are super friendly and service has been great so far.
This hotel is great! Super hip for a reasonable price!
Sean M's review is "on the mark".
Clean & fresh rooms with friendly service. Overall a nice convenient place to stay
If you want a quick bite go elsewhere
Do good for the kids!  (Parents, too!)
Let's get it
Lost some
Enjoying a nice holiday weekend in old town Scottsdale. What a great location.
Thanks donks.
daily tournaments !!
not the friendliest of staffs.  asked a question and got berated
Last check in is at 12am...so they say..
They won't send me any more pillows up to my room... It's not my fault your pillows are all flat!
Follow on Twitter 4 great deals. Snagged a spa suite, 4 free drinks for $109. Above & beyond service, best people watching btwn LA and Miami
Swanky!
So pretty.
Overrated
I'm at the W but I can't meet you in the lobby. Girl, I gotta watch my back cause I'm not just anybody! Lego!!!
Wi-fi should seriously be free
Came to checkout the ice rink. :-( fail
Excellent place, you must come here.
Gorgeous but bartender at downstairs bar a little rude. Waited for 5 min to get a final cocktail and she waited til exactly 2:00 to come up to us and say it was past serving time. Really for that much a night. Not good at the end. Great rooms though.  Nice access to Scottsdale.
Great location $26 to park though
Love the roof top bar!
Calm on the weekdays!
Oddly no good expresso readily available before 7am without room service.
Friendly staff and fun events!
Amazing outdoor pool area on the roof and a nice relaxing bar a few feet away!
Good luck sleeping if your room faces the street. The music and bass will keep you up all night. Avoid any front facing rooms!
Rooftop pool parties in the summer are a go
*If you're an SPG member you'll receive a 10% discount off of your bill and in addition to that you'll receive points for it as well depending on your status you may get between 2-4 times the points multiplied by what your bill was. It doesn't include gratuity though.
Don't even think about staying at the W Scottsdale if you are over 40.
Great for ages 18-30, especially if celebrating a birthday or bachelor/bachelorette. Sat pool party gets wild, Sunday is a little tamer. Great location, a lot in walking distance.
Horrible drinks at the bar. Don't go.
I'm not over
Fitness center is really nice, everything is new and top of the line.
Good hotel for airplane geeks and kids especially!
Very nice rooms and staff
Nice place!
Shuttle is horrible.  Its airport priority which is fine. But it took them an hour to pick me up... and almost 2 hours to pick me up from a restaurant.  They dont give an estimated time
Nice room great staff free breakfast Wifi SUCKS
Free breakfast, free wifi, comfy bed, what else to you need to make your stay great?!
Great rooms! Clean, comfy beds, and free wifi. Friendly Staff, and quiet!
Lovely place to stay!
Consistently great service on frequent work trips to Montreal.
Consistently stay here and they provide great service, but they do tend to opt out of Hilton promotions at times so look elsewhere if you want extra rewards during stay.
Kammie is the best bartender
Awesome place....  sure beats the "Chicanolodge"
Definitely use the main entrance or you get the industrial resort view walking into the spa.  Google Maps takes you up the golf course way which is the back.  Missouri and 24th Street are the main cross roads.
Don't waste a brain cell considering this hotel!!
I had a great breakfast with my husband! Thanks!
Spacious and clean rooms.
This hotel is clean, fresh, modern and super friendly.  Have dinner at Houlihan's while you're here.  It's yummy and consistent.
The staff was drinking and swearing. The chef was scratching his butt. The staff took cigarette breaks every 5 minutes. The bar did not have ice tea, tonic or soda. The homemade flack bean soup tasted like blender campbells bean soup that they threw some black beans in. It was the color of white bean soup.with black bean speckled. The room did not have towels or coffee. The sink leaked. This place sucked and so did the staff.
Call them and confirm details before reaching. We had asked for an extra bed. When we reached at 2 am, the room had no extra bed and the attendant at the reception puts his hand up saying he can't do anything till the morning. Were we supposed to sleep on the floor?
Nice location but the WiFi doesn't work! Lobby is shady.
Beautiful hotel more westin than Sheraton. Parking was a breeze room was beautiful cost was only $112 a night self park was 17
Don't park in the underground parking at the Sheraton. The garage only has one exit, paying on exit is slow, and you will wait a long time
The District lounge has a great happy hour. Good variety, taste, and price. Location is walking distance from events
Nice place. Lots of decent restaurants nearby, plus a movie theatre if you need to escape the heat.
Nice place.
First time in Phoenix and couldn't be happier with the accommodation Sheraton has to offer.  Service was great. It wAs busy week for the hotel but they were able to squeeze us in when asked for a room upgrade. Green policy is a nice touch  $5 voucher for a messy room lol. My kids would love this!  Tons of golf course nearby. Check out the restaurant  for the happy hour and descent food. 4*
Old and outdated, doesn't deserve AAA 4 diamonds
Great location!
Yes I arrived early. They gave me a room that was
Great place to host events! Staff are wonderful to work with and planning is easy.
Stayed here while participating in the Porsche European delivery program.  The hotel is right across from the train station, and close to shopping. An excellent place to stay. Fantastic breakfast.
On point at jump
Love this place!
Great room and wrap around balcony with views! But skip the American breakfast for room service and stick to the single dishes.
If you're a health nut and can't indulge in Vegas food, ask for a fridge to be delivered. Fill it at Go Raw, Whole Foods and Sunflower. :)
Guest Relations Agent, Ms.  Zheng is on top of her game - great "no-problem, can do" customer service!
Be sure to check their "specials" (room rates) on line prior to arriving.. Even if you've already booked
Dearest Delano Management- your staff could learn a lot about customer service & hospitality Mgmnt from Mr. Bobby Bales in Valet.. He sets the bar on what customer service is all about... Xoxo
Be prepared for dreadfully slow internet connection....
Productive 1st charity motivated meeting with Rhani @ BarM
This place sucks!!! Horrible customer service. Ruined the whole stay: don't stay here and waste ur time
Stay during the week and enjoy complimentary dinner including wine and beer!!
The entrance is inside the hotel. So walk into the hotel and immediately look to your right.
Convenient to Downtown.
Bring your own sheets....rough..like sand paper....the closet is a curtain!! The heater is noisy...can't sleeeeeep!
The spa closes at 11
Really nice for the price - especially the lake view rooms!
Get a renovated room. They are fantastic. Room service dishes are great, yet to be disappointed
If you sign up for IGH they will give you free wifi. Also, it is connected to the convention center so no need to go out in the cold!
Just got a free room upgrade because it's low occupancy right now.
Nice clean hotel.  Suites beat the over priced ones on the strip.
The meeting was 3 hours they told us it was 2. We started off in a group with other couples and a very nice host named Maria. Then we met back with our personal host Mark a very nice very FUNNY. We declined and they were low pressure So they told us thank you and we left. The hotel is very nice the pool is awesome heated indoor open 365 days a year. The room is great the shower is 2 person... great place to stay overall. The one negative is it is off strip but it actually didn't bother us.
Pleasant place just off the strip.
Make sure you have a rental if you don't like walking.
TEQUILA Mexican Restaurant and the Hooka Lounge
Love staying here
You are off the strip at this location. Use Their shuttles to get downtown for free and use Uber to get back. Uber is much cheaper than a cab in Vegas
Love the staff and the packages such an awesome deal! Cant wait to go to florida :)
Yelp springspectular!  Yay!
No wifi in room, but works great in lobby.
Mari is super helpful with tips on where to go and what to see, thanks Mari!
A stunning breakfast spread.
Who ever said Magners was a bad cider was WRONG.
Is there such thing as "happy hour" in Edinburgh?
Terri, why you gotta be so rude? I've been here almost a week, I tip (stupid American), and I'm trying really hard to be polite and not punch anyone. Tonight I almost failed thanks to you.
Sanita checked us in and took care of us. AMAZING customer service! This is why I return to this hotel!
Fantastic customer service. Can't say enough about the helpful staff!!
I just got engaged here!!!
Brian is the man! Very helpful in obtaining Tattoo tickets, thank you.
Hot chocolate with ice cream
Make your own Gin menu
Very comfortable bar lounge
Not recommended for afternoon tea!
Afternoon tea with friends
Would go there again for the surroundings, tea and cake, but not again for afternoon tea. Reasonable priced voucher and sadly looking cakes were the result!
I recommend going by car as the driveway is never ending
Definitely one of the best afternoon teas in town. Not cheap!
The softest bed and bedding ever. BEST night sleep too, especially as we slept through a fire alarm!
BONNY Prince Chatlue stayed there, hid there before his escape!
Nearby ;-)
Do not order mushroom risotto as a starter when on a date! Too much garlic :-)
Nibbles are complimentary!
Lots of mirrors and booze and chandeliers
Great views of the castle and gardens!
Nice hotel and nice to have a pool
They have a beautiful rooftop garden!!
Great little hotel on a quiet street in Stockbridge
They have a little pub downstairs but it's pretty plain, you'd be better off walking five minutes to the spots along Raeburn Place.
Nice bar, no wifi :(
great meetup point!
afternoon teas!
If you want some takeout just ask the staff they have all the intel' and menus. Really know their curries ;-)
Long island ice tea... Friday, you're making it up to me! :-*
Some interesting cocktails. Flower of Scotland: raspberry gin and champagne. And a peaty whisky number called Haud Yer Wheesht! Love it.
If you ever get a chance to go to their 'Scottish Nights', then for highland dancers, bagpipes, toast to the Haggis traditional Scottish fare including a selection of Whiskeys available from the Stables bar, I can't think of a better place in Edinburgh you can go with your touristy friends?
Latte and wifi for brekkie as no time for a cooked one this morning!
Beers and gin
Couldn't see Gangster Squad, at Cineworld so next best thing was beers and gin at Cally.
Scotland's Personal Hotels have a competition to go here just now...
You asking? You dancing?
Discussing social media platforms...
Super-friendly waiter, and free shortbread with my tea...
Lovely afternoon tea. Delicious cakes and scones
Best Sunday roast for miles. Do book ahead though, watched a few folk being turned away on Sunday
Accepts tastecard, only in the bar, not in the restaurant but no weekend exclusions, yay
Afternoon tea...can I really eat any more cake?
Prosecco on tap! Amazingness.
A wonderful venue for the Yelp Spring Spectacular! Thanks for hosting us!
Fabulous Yelp event! Great hosts, lots of dancing. Lovely spot!
A complete surprise! Exceptionally lovely hotel and wonderful hosts!
Saturday afternoon drinks with the girls! Perfect spot!
Really lush in the middle of everything
Beds not as comfy as they claim
Dance your heart out
What's up with Bank? Re-mod or have they gone out of business? (May '13)
Great place to popin for a second to warm up
A nice alternative to the Scotsman hotel if looking for a food top end option in the centre of Edinburgh old town
If you're working around here, look for corporate deal membership!!
Pistachios served in the bar ... They're addictive
Cocktail of the month involves sloe gin!
Gluten free options available (sometimes ... Not today!)
Free wifi under GV_Guest
My friend Rene had the loop on her jacket fixed for free whilst it was in the cloakroom!
They do table service in the cocktail bar.
Nice view of the Castle from the bar
Does great peppermint tea.
Pathetic staff! Last time I will visit
Savvvvvvy B! New world........tasty
Awesome service!! Wine and tapas for 21
5 for a bottle of Joker IPA.
First coffee or tea is complementary with any spa package #yelpmission
Outside license ends at 10pm, better take your drinks inside :)
Try their 241 steak Tuesdays
Now the decent weather is upon us, for now at least, the beer garden here comes into it's own!
3.30 for a pint of Guinness, but I'm sitting in a great beer garden looking towards the stadium...beats work any ol day.
Really nice setting, beautiful decor, staff were lovely :)
Achtung, kein Fahrstuhl vorhanden, dafr aber jede Menge Treppen.
Viel besser
Agree with Scott N. Get a pass to the spa. The saunas and steam rooms are the best I've ever been to.
Ask for a castle-facing room!
The Spa is definitely worth it!
Look for offers at their homepage
Are the seats in the lobby the most uncomfortable seats ever?
Lovely bright room with great view on the 6th floor
Very dated and very plain but you get what you pay for and this was cheap. Won't spoil my night away though.
Just arrived for a 2 day break with the lovely hubby, first impressions were great nice open reception and friendly receptionist and room is big, spacious and clean :)
The building looks nice from a distance but the yellow nicotine looking net curtains should have been a give away as to what lurked inside. A 90's looking dated reception & rooms with airfreshner thick in the air.   Im a regular at Travelodge but this one is a place to be avoided!
A happy Princess. X
Do Not Disturb until Monday 1300hrs in the morning. No Children, No Work, No Stress... No wait... My Wife's here... Okay the other two. X
Closed due to the demolition of part of the building. It's a shame because now I will have to trek up to Frederick Street to get my cocoa fix. :(
Reduced price cocktails from 5pm on Fridays!
Arrive early on a sunny day for a seat outside..
Main n starter for 15!
Nice dining room with a small lounge to the side to have a drink before dinner
Check out the amazing chocolate conching machine!!
Try the strawberry daqueri!
The Thai green curry is YUMMY
Swanky cocktail bar - staff are friendly, cocktails are pricey but measures are large
Excellent customer service and food. Great spread as well.
The midweek drinks deals
Midweek cocktail and drinks meal has some great deals!
Careful you don't lock yourself in the ladies ;-)
If you want to reserve a table, you must go in to do it and pay 3 charge
The lounge area has a fireplace and board games!
Opening spring
Sister hotel of The Blythswood Hotel in Glasgow
You might not realise it, but the Bonham is great for meetings! Competitive prices, and discounted rates for charities. #underdog
Nice selection of Whisky. They have Tres Generaciones tequila too. Quality place.
If you have meeting here you only get one free Internet access code. It's 16 each to get anymore
Fine Dining
Breakfast menu is on till 12!
No wi-fun here, make sure you bring your Mac Air Ethernet cable adaptor...I didn't :(
Check in opens strictly at 3 PM.
No self park, valet only. Vehicle entrance is shared with The City and it's quite obscure. Wifi included in room charge.
Hotel & rooms are very nice but it's strange that they're unaware of their own 4SQ deals. They charge 10/hr for late checkout & there's a fee to use wifi as guests of the hotel- basic courtesies.
Really close the the princes street Airlink bus 100 stop!
If you're travelling with MacBook's power adapter, make sure that you bring the longer power cable with you. The sockets available next to bedside tables on the wall were too close to the desktop, making it impossible to plugin the taller adapter into these sockets. The only socket available was next to the TV, making it quite uncomfortable to do some work with my laptop. Really annoying as there was a nice table and a chair that could have been used for work desk, but no sockets nearby.
Thanks for the 1am fire alarm! Apparently other guests say it's a current occurrence. :(
Good price, good location
Free wifi. If you can get it to work!
Having a great time at the annual edinburgh CII dinner.
High rollers are we
Une grande partie des cadres parle franais. Faciles  reconnatre par l'accent  n'hsitez pas  leur parler dans notre langue a les change, heureusement, des clients amricains....
Do yourself a favor, stay somewhere else. Not enough room for all the problems here.
Nice....but incredibly quiet in a Tuesday night...like most of Edinburgh apparently
Take the battery out if the alarm clock - tick tock, tick tock!
Down comforters on the Royal mile!
3 course meal and cocktail for 35.
Usually not a good idea to put your guests in a room that has a view of scaffolding and then say: 25/day for a room with a better view.
Awesome place to stay
Great for a civilised drink, I had wine but the people next to me ordered giant club sandwiches which looked excellent, great relaxing but smart atmosphere, love it
Get a back room, they're quieter.
Tripadvisor stated this place is four stars. Econo Lodge, then, is The Ritz.
15-20 minutes distance from Edinburgh Castle. Near to downtown.
A great place if you are looking for a lovely two bedroom in a central location for a weekend away
Great hotel with free wifi everywhere!
Best afternoon tea in Edinburgh.
Wifi ist kostenlos in den ffentlichen Bereichen nutzbar.
2 for 2 pound desert and unlimited costa coffee lattes and espressos!
Popular for weddings
Great place to go for cocktails
4.45 for a bottle of Peroni.  A complete rip off. Avoid !!!!!
You can see the [more pricy] sister hotel (above the Apple Store, Princes Street) from some rooms.
Concept was fantastic, but dirty,dirty,dirty!  Every hallway, entrance, carpet, elevator, yada, yada, yada, DIRTY!  One thing up for it, close to everything in Scottsdale .
There's a great wee pub in the Garvock Hotel that's open for everyone.
Nicest place I've been in all of Scotland- a true gem.
Lovely afternoon tea, spa facilities and changing area are both on the small side and can be crowded. Spa treatments are good tho!
18charlie
Orangery restaurant was delicious!!!
The food is dreadful here at least for what I was expecting at an American branded hotel.  The rooms are in desperate need of a makeover.  To believe that this hotel is up to Hilton standards is incredible.  80s paneling and tiling. The bathroom vanity literally is falling apart. Lumpy bed.   No rollaway options and only twin size beds available.   they should knock this dump of a hotel down and require it to have Hilton standards. In the alternative remove the Hilton name.
Walk to the hotel from the airport! Get a room on ground floor which is the coolest floor.
Walgreens at the corner has large assortment of fresh fruits and prepared foods.
Across from D1. Allow 25+ minutes to get to your Concourse / gate via tram.
Breakfast closes promptly at 10. Drinks & appetizers from 5pm-7pm. Drinks continue till 8pm.
Very bad service, they dropped dirty silverware in my hair and down my back.
See corriegarth inn - place has been updated and is great
The bistro is being refurbished but bistro food is available in the bar!
Concierge lounge open over the weekend
Great location if you are in the area for a Steelers or Bucs (Pirates) game.
Cigar lounge called Shadows on the first floor has some yummy cigars.
Part of my pre-birthday trip..
Pool
Um, hi. Even the Super 8 has a coffee machine in the guest rooms...Aliante? Notsomuch.
The Feast Buffet!
Vegas bound
The bars & pools
Champagne cocktails and sunshine
I've stayed here several times on staycations during the summer months and I have always loved it. This time I'm here over July 4th and its a nightmare!!!   I am so disappointed with my stay that I will never go back. At best I would give it one star.
Food was delicious! Great personalized service!
Big suite rooms w/ kitchenette area
Definitely grab a drink and hang out on the patio near the front lobby.
Reasonable hotel property close to 90, businesses and Crocker shopping.
No vegan options other than salad on the room service menu unfortunately.
Housekeeping only so so from one day to the next.  Elevators smell somewhat especially the one by the exercise room.  Rooms mostly renovated.
Very satisfied
Great place! Really nice staff! Great rooms and nice and quite! Pool are amazing to
Nice!  Great staff and really good out door pool.
Most of the pictures here refer to a different hotel. The Hyatt rooms look quite different.
Don't ask the person at night anything he's not helpful can't do everything or doesn't have the ability I don't know... They need more people at night he couldn't bring my luggage that the airport lost I had to go get it, couldn't check me in or check me out so I could get my point balance
The cable is the worst  :(
Most of the staff are nice and welcoming
The rooms were clean, the service is awesome!! Great place to stay!!
Ridiculous how we have to wait 45 minutes after check in to go up to our room.. Apparently rooms are not ready yet..
Don't check in here
The room has a kitchenette bring salt, pepper and spices for cooking meals in room.
Don't stay here !
Smoking allowed at the pool and throughout the facility.  If you don't like relaxing in an ashtray it's not a bad place. I do mind so next time I  might try somewhere else to relax.
PRO:  $150/nt Location   CONS: Run down bathroom Shower/ tub backed up Musty smell
Great bass player playing at the outside patio. Nice fireplace and good food.
The van service sucks do a different hotel
This place is a dump. Tried to order room service and the rude concierge said they stopped room service after 11pm last November. OUR MENUS WERE A YEAR OUT OF DATE. Carpet looks like it's 40 years old. Murphy bed was like a block of granite. Why are there 10 chairs in our room? Lol glad we saved $90 staying here.
Great hotel
Very nice hotel and staff.  Close to everything and train is directly behind the hotel for easy travel
$$$$$
Great vibe - very cool - retro hipster type place :)
Slow checkin even in the morning on a weekday!
Great hotel but pillows smelled like the many people before. They need to wash the pillows too.
Bar and cocktail service sucks same story for years
So gorgeous!!
Not a clean place, 26 minute wait for the shuttle from the airport - after calling
Just because there's a priority club line doesn't mean you'll be able to use it. Whats the point of having the Priority lane?
Great place to stop after leaving Toronto. Free wifi!
Free WiFi!
Go for a strip view room +
This check in is dedicated to you Kathy!
Very very big tv. Has a fridge. A definite plus. Has eighties decor. But clean.
Best reuben sandwich
Not worth it. Go somewhere else
My wedding was everything I wanted and more. The venue was beautiful and affordable.
This is the coolest parking lot ever. Each space has a sensor. When the space is filled the little green light above it turns red. So you can see from far what spaces are available!
Gold Fish game is amazing!
The pool is hoppin since JJ and The Angel arrived!!!
Drivin to Canadia yeaaaa!!!
Nice rooms!
recently renovated so the rooms and facilities are very nice. bell service is great. Nice pool and club but music sucks!
Sorry Yelp... I have a soft spot for the Trop : ). And I love the remodel!!
Don't expect anyone to go above and beyond for you (aside from Mike, the maintenance man). Pay the extra $60 and stay elsewhere.
Recycled Percussion
Bringing in 2012 @ the Tropicana w/ host Mary J Blige w/ Tamara, Styles, & Baby. Let's go 2012!!! Vegas!!
Awesome hotel watch your feet in the shower. Bruised my foot bad on the drain. Love the smell of coconut when you walk in.
Love the south beach style!
Salsa congress with hubby.
Nice room we got here!
Quieter and a bit of old Las Vegas. Great place and you can walk to all the places up the strip. Restaurants are very good.
Great and friendly staff. We had a wonderful stay.  Will definitely stay at the Tropicana again.
Love the remodeled rooms!
Keep your money close to you.  More than usual riff raff running around.
Odd number rooms in the Club Tower offer views of the Strip.  Aviation fanatics - get an even numbered room for views of McCarran.
Smelly, hot and miserable. Hotwire said this was a 4.5 star hotel- HA! What a lie?!
Casino promotion is very misleading
If you don't want to trek to your room, request the Paradise Tower.
Soooo Tired!!  But I think I'm gonna go for a walk !!! ;)
Except wifi, everything is good
Not happy with this hotel...not new at all...they still need major work done
The remodel is on point. Favorite hotel by far.
Only 1MB limited free WiFi, even if you're Hilton Honors Gold or Diamond
The New Tropicana has new paint but old sewage pipes. When the wind blows the right; or wrong way; you can smell the sewage down. Even worse, the smell emits from the toilet bowl in the room causing the entire room to smell. Stay somewhere else if you have the option.
Two "queen" beds are really two doubles.
Yeah staff not friendly at all!!! Especially at check in
https://www.facebook.com/Jttigard/posts/10153437682726613:6  Worst vacation ever!!!
Good staff hotel is average, rooms ok. Should be cheapest
Very friendly staff  clean hotel and rooms
Why did you steal my money? I needed to make money for my Costa Rica trip. Boohhhooooooo boooohoooooo Boohhhooooooo boooohoooooo Boohhhooooooo boooohoooooo Boohhhooooooo boooohoooooo
Only 2 ppl helping with check ins. It's like we're being punished for getting a good hotel rate. April is a sweetheart though! :)
If you have a basic room at the club tower, don't being leftover food because there is no fridge or microwave.
Freshly baked cookies available at front desk after 7PM. Clean, comfortable, reliable. Repeat customer here.
Gambling time baby! Yea!
The TownSquare shuttle (it's green) pick up/drop off is at the North Entrance (local entrance) of Tropicana, facing MGM.
Don't take cabs from airport they will take you long way making a 6$ ride 30$
Good hotel.  Good location at the vegas strip.  Faster room service...
A clean and contemporary place to stay. We are having a house built and needed a place to stay. 55 per night for a 60 day stay. Not too bad! Ask for the handicap room on long stays. It's much more roomier than the typical room. It makes it a little less cramped with the kids.
Nice lobby, friendly staff
House cocktail tiger lily is pink and delicious!
Two mains for 10 at lunch during week
Loved it!
Love this place!
The bar closes at 11pm so late night arrivals won't leave you hungry or dry.        :-)The staff is super friendly. The quick bite menu is decent too.
Staying at the HRH tower saves you time checking in (no lines) and they have complimentary coffe/tea and pastries everyday. Great when you wake up the next day after all the parties.
Love the lazy river!
Great resort!  Relaxing and great service!
$50 rents you a large cabana (8 people) or $25 for a small (4 people) cabana- for whole day!!
It's literary 5-15 min from everything! Shopping, Casino, and ikea! Love it!
Just booked our weekend trip we'll be taking in a few days. Soooo excited to check it out!
Eco friendly awesomeness.
Really nice. Modern, accommodating
Dog friendly, but $50 fee and be sure to let them know by phone at booking as they may or may not have a pet room available for you at arrival.
My home away from home when I'm visiting Las Vegas.
Obama stayed here!
This place is 100% earth friendly and everything is about reusable and recycling.  You feel good about staying here.
They have water refill station so they do not give you bottled water.
Kids love it!!! Check in early and get a locker ....totally worth it!
Tuesday-Wednesday free dinner. Food is good and prepared by someone who enjoys his job. Breakfast is good and they try to change it up every day.
Can tell it was freshly remodeled
Make sure to get the breakfast added to your room. It's not complimentary and cost 8 bucks if you don't. It is worth it though.
Beds: firm, pillows soft, room comfortable, and service was nice
Kiddie pool, free breakfast and quiet hotel.
Clean and friendly!  I love the simplicity and minimalist feel.
Great modem and fun hotel!
Opt to "make a green choice," and earn a $5 food credit or bonus star points when you decline housekeeping.
Very comfortable and friendly staff. Free shuttle, wifi, and breakfast. All are great.
Nice hotel. Great breakfast.
Work , w00p .
Breakfast cut off at 9:00AM Sunday. No towels at the pool Rooms are nice
Very nice residence inn that caters to family of mayo patients.
Wait for the bathtub :)
Every time we come to Vegas we stay here! Love it! It's affordable and so nice!
Arrived after 4 1/2 hours on I-15, traffic all the way from L.A.
Note! Bed Bugs!! Need I say more! After being home a week you can see I'm still swollen. Think Twice about staying here.
Very comfortable.  Newly remodeled. .jacuzzi tub in studio too.
The wifi here never works!
WiFi // Username: guest PW: vqhc
Stay here if you want a clean hotel with friendly service, good breakfast and a pool. Right off the freeway.
10% off at Denny's with keycard! 24/7 coffee and H20 in lobby!! Loved that!
Stayed 2 nights.  Very clean. Friendly staff. Highly recommended!!
Holy crap it's like a mini city!! Self parking is off Las Vegas only. Easy valet is off Harmon behind the hotel.
It doesn't smell like smoke inside. The Babycakes is not the same famous one as in NYC and LA.
There's a pharmacy inside too. WTF?
Small casino floor and poor phone service for AT&T users
Horrible!!!! Don't waist your money staying at Aria. Unimpressive, horrible service.
Business trip
The fountain lights are pretty during the day but annoying at night if you have the strip view.
Great hotel. Amazing room!
If you're staying here, give their buffet a whirl.
Do not go here go to the Wynn instead
Upgrade to the deluxe tower....the view and room is amazing
Cool in-room technology set up
Gorgeous ultramodern casino
Need to be more than somewhat of a techy person to appreciate the non-standard ammenities in your room! Haha
Don't miss out by the pool!!!
The buffet at Aria
Worst electric system. IPod hookups dont work and the speakers were blown. Butlers go through your shit and the lamps never turn off.
Ballin ;)
Sickest hotel/casino in Vegas. Period
Casino is very dark compared to the rest of the place.
Time for crab legs
Yikes
Meetings over -- pooltime!
With Moreno trying to leave Vegas rich!!!!
It's on like donkey kong!
See Nate in Club Privata for an amazing margarita
Booyah!!
:D
Take the front entrance and not the one on Harmon street or risk looking like a noob carrying your luggage through the casino -_-
Thanks for the nice stay!!!
My favorite place in Vegas!
Wonderful hotel
A 3 person line takes 20 min at check in.
vacation time.
I love this place already as we're driving up to it. The lobby smells like vanilla.
Our home for the next 3 days :D thank you Penguin!!!
Let's see what the hype's about ...
Round 2, will be posting a review this time!
Very nice hotel and great rooms.  State of the art.  I enjoyed my stay
Adobe sales kickoff!
Julio Serrano has great food. Recommend the seafood paella, white ceviche, ahi cone, calamari, shrimp roll with seaweed salad .
Getting my drink on.
Nice rooms. Additional hotel charges of 22$/night meh
Smells nice unlike other smoky smelling casino + nice room everything is auto on the moment u walk in! Recommend !
Make sure to stop by their bakery place, their raspberry macaroon is the best!!!!
Try the framble berry martino
Nice rooms. Large, good views, friendly staff, the pizza from room service was wonderful. Well thought out toppings. I had Chorizo.
Living my suite!
Here.
Play goldfish!
Skip this hotel, it sucks.  They had a "computer issue" so they  couldn't check us  in.  It is 6:20, and they expect   All guests wait in a 2 hour line to check in!  I complained and they they shrugged me off. No compassion and no customer service assholes
Fuck this place, they are not customer friendly
Finally here!
Check out their buffet. Not too shabby if you like crabs, and a variety of food. Their restrooms are very modernized & the toilets are awesome too. Toto is the way to go.
labor day weekend and still not that many people gambling. how sad. nobody to play with!
Awesome week here at Autocon 2012!
Great service by the staff of this hotel.   Excellent views
There is a surprise, mandatory $25 spa fee, even if you don't want to use the spa. So basically, they just lie about the price of the room by $25.
There is a $50 per day fine if you use the minibar fridge for your own items,
Nobody asked at checkout how my stay had been and there appears to be no link for comments or feedback on their website. Apparently they don't care how the stay was.
CHECK YOU BILL CAREFULLY. They charged me a higher rate than the one they quoted me.
Dear Aria. Your bed is comfy but your pillows are not.
First resort fees, now parking...$$$
Ballin'
Perfect! Love the sky tower!
Happy turkey day!
Love it
Ummmmm
I contracted a bacterial stomach infection from their buffet!!
Pimpin!!!!
Upscale, modern hotel located in the heart of the Vegas strip.
Excellent modern hotel with very nice and clean room. Central location on the strip. Room comes with USB ports for direct charging of gadgets. Cons - cant put own drinks or food into mini bar - in fact, you will be charged if any of the items are remove from the fridge.
Love the spa and the hotel room is great
Beautiful!!
Worst customer service at front desk EVER
Not bad, our new home away from home in Vegas
Aria sucks don't go!
It's 9:30am and I've been in the front desk line for 25 minutes; still another 30 people in front of me. Oh, and only 3 employees working the front desk. No 5 star service here...
Casino has very friendly staff ! Dealers and floor managers were super nice !
Very quiet stay compare to the other casino hotels! Beautiful rooms ! Restroom setup a little too open ! Not much privacy unfortunately !
Uhh pass on public parking had my car stolen and security couldn't be bothered.  Haze is ghetto as it gets.  Will never return.... Should have known it's an mgm property!
Love the customer service! Victor was super helpful! Free valet parking!
Like most hotels, wifi is terrible
Very cool hotel...glad I was able to stay here.
Einfach nur ein geniales Hotel! Sehr schick!
Einfach nur ein geniales Hotel! Sehr schick! Wir waren inzwischen schon 2x im Aria.
There's a great by-the-slice place for a quick, less expensive bite located next to the sports bar!!
Larry King is doing a taping with some celebs!:)
I love this hotel.  I know the Cosmopolitan seems to get more hype, but I prefer Aria. Nightclub Haze is sick.
God save me., there are clowns in this show... Zarkana
The only place we stay at in Vegas aside from the Wynn and Cosmo. Smells delicious!!!
The room will welcome you by name the first time you enter so be ready for it!
Self parking is far, far away from the front desk. Have to walk the entire casino floor. Make sure to drop off your luggage at the lobby first.
Bottomless (drinks) brunch available on weekends.
Mobile check out is super convenient
The rooms here are very spacious.
For the price, amenities, location, service and decor...Aria is one of the best!
Phenomenal!  Had an wonderful time. Love the quality of material and modern design of the rooms!
Woo. Vegas!!
Love love love the bed!! Need to find out what type of mattress and buy one for myself!
Long lines and poor customer service, no thanks...never again.
No free Wi Fi
Apparently you should be prepared to wait in an insane line to check in. Yay!
Self-park directions
The service has been great so far. Lots of restaurants to choose from.
I love it !! The room so comfortable !!! And beautiful!!! The best casino !!!
Awesome
Great
No in room coffee maker  :/
DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. Absolutely no customer service. Stay somewhere else
Modern and amazing resort. We were upgraded to a suite and it was out of this world.
la mejor salida del hotel es a traves del centro Crystals
The best hotel ever.   Clean , modern, up to date, beautiful, and worth every penny.
Slots will take all your money here. If you want to win go downtown!
poor waitress service in the casino!! bad!!!
Watch out! $28/day resort fee. They also charge $30 more per night for dual queen beds than the single king bed. So much for not nickel and diming.
The front desk service is great. Travelocity funged up our reservation, but Heidi picked up their slack and definitely made up for their mistake.
Stay calm and win.
No coffee maker in room and they charge a $25 resort fee per night
Free Wifi as of August 2014
Avoid this place in general .. Not much good happening here hope they tear it down soon.
Awesome hotel.  Very luxurious.  Leo damilini
Use the North Valet for ease to avoid the strip traffic and get your car faster.
Red Velvet Pancakes!!!!
Don't face the cosmopolitan. You will be up all night and day like there is a club in your room. Very LOUD!
I enjoyed the hotel a lot . I will definitely come back.
Patrick at the front desk check-in got our stay off to a great start!
A
Let the concierge know if you're celebrating a special occasion and they will take good care of you!
Fantastic hotel with fantastic service.
very nice and beautiful hotel! the veiw and room is amizing.. worth it
Horrible customer service from Viktoriya at check out. Rude. Rude. Rude.
Moldy fruit. $21 fruit platter for room service. All that was done was remove it from my bill. Disappointed.
Will definitely be back and will highly recommend to all my family and friends.
Cool place to hang out and play casino
Nice hotel! Love the ambiance... Very cozy..
Don't take anything out of the fridge! They will charge you for it. Everything has a sensor and is magnetized.
One of my favorite casinos. Friendly staff! Can't say enough good things.
Don't expect respect unless your very rich or beautiful.
They will nickel and dime for everything
Many more places out there...
The Tower Suites has a separate  check in behind a private door and delicious snacks in the waiting area! Beverages, cookies, lemon tarts, mini bread loaves and artichoke spread and of course my diet only allowed me to reach for an apple! :(
Terrace one bedroom suite is everything.  Bellagio view is gorgeous from our balcony!
To the bell desk workers at the north valet: please respect your Uber drivers!! It's not our fault the area was not designed for both taxi and ride share drivers. Remember to display 5-star service even if we make a mistake. You got a new nightclub opening up. Lighten up!!--a former Aria employer
Front desk manager horrible.
Thank you Jenn for your reply,I look forward to meeting you!
Wow! Could the service be any slower at the front desk????
The worst . Found glass in my breakfast.
Do I have to leave? Our stay was wonderful.
Very nice and accommodating! Great beds, atmosphere, and customer service. Will definitely come here again.
poor hygiene, food is mediocre, rooms average.
DO NOT UTILIZE THEIR MOBILE CHECK IN. Had a bad experience using their mobile check-in.  I checked in via mobile and was advised to wait until i get an email then proceed to the mobile check in line; I waited and waited (2 hrs) to get an email and never got one.
I guess we got lucky cuz no line at check in! We arrived around 5:30pm Saturday
Classy !
The only thing to complain about is the ice machine not working for the past 36 hrs on the 11th floor!!.. Other than that, everything is decent for the price. $360 for 3 nights here or $300 per night elsewhere on the strip.. u choose!
See the pic, u will know why
Make sure to charge everything to your room. It makes leveling up on your MLife Card that much easier!
Tell you're here for a birthday, and get an awesome upgrade! :D
Stay somewhere else.
Love the room!
Vegas adventure!
Amazing gym and spa.
Take your shoes off at the door.
One of my favorite hotels anywhere, period.
Nice place to stay
Awesome looking hotel
Fantastic spa. Come here to get massaged, pampered and relax!
Such a beautiful hotel
Nonsmoking FTW
Swagging out
This hotel sucks.
Mini getaway with the hubby!
Amazing architecture!
Get the city corner suite. Beautiful views
Suite is well equipped, full size fridge and large living/dining room.
Can't Check in until 3 :/
We made it!
Used to have Vdara as one of my top places to stay in Vegas, looks like I won't be returning. Full review to follow.
yessss
Smells nice in here...
Great rooms, with kitchen and microwave! But cracks between the blinds may keep you awake.
Perfect location,perfect hotel, Amour
Comfy beds and great views.
Clean and modern love it.
Check in said great view... Of a parking structure! Come on, really?
No smoke no casino, very nice!
Great for non smokers and for people who prefer a quiet stay over a hotel full of drunk gamblers!
No self-parking, but on the Flip-side, FREE VALET!   They share self-parking with Aria if you don't want to tip the valet.   Also, If you park on the 2nd floor garage @ Aria you save yourself an elevator trip to the 2nd floor to utilize the bridge at Aria to the tram that takes you to Vdara.
Perfect place to relax!
Great views. Great service!!!
JET is the the way to go for reservations! Got a killer deal, then upgraded!! Enjoying our two bedroom penthouse suite on the 55th floor!
Amazinggggg! Ask for an upgrade! No casino though..
Excellent room service!
This place is sweet. Complimentary valet, non smoking, need I say more?
The market pantry is really convenient and their breakfast omelette and oatmeal were terrific.  Love the non-casino hotel and the easy access to bellagio and aria.  Love the fact that you can have your fun at the better casinos yet get the peace at this one.
Prepare to wait and get the run around
I like the view from my room.
No smoke and no casino. Great for kids and families!
If I could, I would live in a high floor city corner suite facing the Bellagio fountains.
Wasn't impressed
Nice for family time !!!
The bathroom sink is not low so dont forget to lay out towels on the floor when you wash your face other wise you'll have a puddle on the floor
Corner suite is an amazing room definitely worth the upgrade.
For the price and the service we got was really good. Room was nice, not enough restaurants here , you have to go to Arias to eat. Pool is too small for th the hotel it self.
Next to Aria and Cosmo. Huge rooms that are more like suits, complete with kitchenette.
No self-parking. Valet only.
Panoramic suite is great for a group of 3-4 people. The king bed can fit 2 people and the pull out bed cant fit 2 as well! There's plenty of mirror space (2 in the bathroom/2 outside near the door entrance.)
This is a nice non-gaming alternative to Aria. In addition the rooms all have a kitchenette.
So far, night one was cut short because the black out curtains are far enough from each other that it lets 6am light into the room. Bring a night mask. The picture makes the room look darker than it is.
The valet is terrible. There's no option to self park here. You can't call down for them to get your car. We asked them to leave the car out front bc we were coming back down in 15 mins. The response was 'I can't do that'. When asked why, the response 'it's to our discretion. If you're just running up to get luggage we can'. My response 'I guess my Tesla isn't good enough to sit out here with that Lexus IS that's been out front for the last 2 days'.. If you're gonna lie, please do a better job.
Non smoking  Non casino  Bars close at 2AM & send you to ARIA  They send you to ARIA to eat
Super swanky and kitchens in the rooms, but no casino.
Their Starbucks does not take Starbucks gift cards...
Get their cucumber water drink poolside. It's delish and refreshing and not too strong
Will be my go to hotel in Vegas for now on.
Excellent hotel!
Excellent hotel! Service is top notch.
The gym closes early at 8PM and opens at 6AM. I got there at 8 in the morning on a Thursday and it was completely packed when I was leaving around 8:30
Its a dog friendly hotel so make sure they don't put you in the room between the floors 31-34 else you going to have dogs waking you up early in the morning!!! BULL SHIT!!
Try the smoothie on the room service menu. It was absolutely delicious and was a perfect reset after a night of drinking
Only 4 wifi connections are allowed per room. Get essentials like laptops connected first.
Amazing stay!!!
Great hotel just an awkward location it is a little tricky to find and walk to
Clean, modern ,close to all. Will definitely stay here again .
Can someone hook me up with a discount here? I want to stay at Vdara in May for a weekend! Thanks!
Nice hotel, great service. I was unhappy about it being an all valet hotel.
Very nice looking hotel!  Valet is a huge issue! & they don't have self parking. We came during one of the busiest times of the year, so you would think they were better prepared. Instead, they had minimal amount of workers, they checked out our car without authorization, then lost it; took them 2 hours to find it! If you have a flight to catch or any plans, make sure you have enough time in case it's packed, or they check out your car without authorization and then lose it.
They charge $18 for valet parking per day they charge for you having a dog in the room they enter   room even though you have the do not disturb sign on besides all that hotel is nice but I probably won't stay there ever again
It's a very beautiful hotel along with spacious rooms and very nice views.
Bellagio's self parking is probably closer than Aria's.. $10/day but no in&out privileges :/
Smoke free and no gaming.  Great hotel if you are here with kids.
Everything was just great!
Enough with the "resort fees." Just tell us the price of the room.
Pool is closed for another month...BOO! never mentioned it when I made reservations
Most amazing service and ambiance!! Well worth the money!
Love the in-room valet closet!!
Jlo sighting last night
Top.
Service. Service. Service.
Hanged out here in May 2013.  Incredibly lush, amazing service and superbly clean!
The best hotel for those looking for a secluded romantic trip to Vegas...plus the no smoking policy is a major win for me!!!
Beautiful, clean, and very friendly staff. We will be back.
Sehr schnes Hotel mit gutem Service, allerdings sehr unflexibel beim parken.
Checkin on the 23rd floor
Takes forever to get a taxi from here
This is my favorite spot to go. It has nice environment with a nice view of the trip. It is a good place to relax and enjoy the Vegas view.
Perfect location, excellent rooms, outstanding service, great view. Best hotel in Vegas?!
Very solid and stylish hotel - clean, rooms are not too big, but great price/value.
Friendly staff, Awesomley comfortable beds.
Nice ....comfy place 2 lay your head
Do not recommend
It used to be nice but no longer Such a shame they have not kept up with the thriving Heart of Scottsdale  You pay a resort fee which includes Internet however one can not get or stay connected  refrigerator doesn't cool The windows are dirty grass is dying and patios are a mess When we complained  they advised us the place was sold and they are closing at the end of July
Go to the buffet!
Casino trip #1
Get a "Strip" view room and stay as high up the building as you can- the view from the room is Awesome!!!
When going to the buffet, group in three or less. I starved to death while in a party of five.
Hash House A Go Go...
Vig deli has a fantastic pulled pork sandwich.
My fav
Forget the strip this is the spot!!!!
Lobby bar....awesome!
Nice pool and pretty lobby. Loves it!
Best Buffet in Vegas!
buffet time
Don't play 50 Dragons...money lost!
In-room tub & shower is bliss
Buffet time!!!
Buffet time !
Party time! Whoohoo
last day in vegas!  may this be my best day ever!
Ome of our most favorite places in the country.  We find everyone and everything top notch.
The best of what made Vegas great. You will be happy you saw this. High energy start to finish. After the Scintas retire all that will be left are clowns.
The buffet here offers unlimited wine & drinks, and plenty of desserts!
not a place for nonsmoker. it smell so bad.
Don't waste your time here. Go straight to Vegas and have a nice meal. The managers at the buffet are clueless. Horrible service!
4G connection is booty. Wifi charge is bootier. Staff is great! Birthday cake was yumm.
Free buffet with your players card . Worth 80 $ for 2 people. Love it.  :)
This place was fun!
Great hotel and service. Amazing food at Anthony's.
Who the heck closes a Buffett in Vegas at 8:00pm on a Saturday? These guys.
The Brisket sandwich at the Vig-Deli "is SPECTACULAR"...
This is my favorite buffet in town, fresh food and lots of variety.
Ask for a room with the washer and dryer. So nice!!
Bring pop corn. Theres a microwave in every room.
Very nice new hotel, be sure to take advantage of the free mini-bar!
Bright eyes!
Great modern renovation- wish the pool were open!
Happy Anniversary to my bride of 11 years!!!
Good sized rooms, great staff and close to old town
The pool is closed "indefinitely" and you do not want to opt for their option of going "right next door" unless you really need to swim.
Just don't stay here
Also, the pool is not closed. There were guests swimming while I was there.
Wowwowweeewaa!
Sweet... Got upgraded to a king room!
Find another place to stay.
Don't stay here if you like to sleep.
NOISE!!!! ALL NIGHT LONG.  Don't stay here if you like to sleep
Cockroaches, Mold, and Filth...OH MY!!!
Minimalistic and very clean , I really enjoyed my stay.
Awesome place to stay !! Great service close to a bunch of stores
Checking something off my bucket list.
Don't tell someone you're sold out when there are only 2 cars in the parking lot.
First time to stay here and give it a BIG thumbs up. Clean rooms, friendly/helpful staff, good restaurant, no complaints. Typically a Marriott girl.
Nice rooms and friendly staff
the worst ever plz for ur safety do not stay here
Try Sardellas pizza off of cactus blvd. great pizza.
The hotel itself is pretty, but tabbouleh salad at the attached restaurant "The Canopy" was awful.
Please redo the carpets and wallpaper!!! YUCK!
$7 for valet?! No longer gambling here! #shameonyou
Takes FOREVER to get drinks while gambling. Seriously waited over a hour to get ONE drink while playing blackjack.
Pretty clean, affordable, nice staff, nice bar, quiet, free buffet breakfast
They have both an indoor and outdoor pool (for the rainy days like today!)
The wedding we attended was a blast, the outdoor tent was gorgeous and so fun!!
Hip boutique. Hot for now.
Good drinks. Fantastic ambience. OK staff
Get to the waterpark early to reserve a chair and a table if desired!
Awesome hotel on the strip !
Check out the gym....yes it really is worth it!! Super nice facilities! They use TechnoGym, free weights & even a boxing ring!
The lower price comes at the expense of time spent waiting for a pump. Patience is a must.
the free cookies are awesome!!!
Hilton Gold member upgrades are always a plus!
09/05/2015 @ night - AVOID the bridge from The Cosmopolitan to The Shops at Crystals on the strip. Construction gives you a very narrow walkway...herding steer.
Beautiful hotel inside and out! Very friendly and knowledgeable staff!
Why don't the commercials show the real happenings
Not updated
Decent and clean rooms here.
They charge a $30 refundable deposit if you book through an online hotel website.
Pets are welcome and stay for free!!!
Pets are welcome and stay for free!  :)
Small but nice rooms.
Umm wasn't offered a cookie upon check in, and also wasn't told about the executive lounge until I inquired about it. There also isn't any ice cream available in the pantry!
Nice hotel
I love this hotel   Keep it up
Wow really nice hotel I loved the rooms the workers were friendly and the pool was so clean I saw the workers clean the hot tub every night I will be coming back to Cleveland and I will stay at doubletree by Hilton
Do not choose this hotel. It puts the T in tired.
Do not even get coffee here unless you are spending someone else's money
A walk in closet in my hotel room makes me fall in love
Hollar
Whoa. So much Frank Lloyd Wrightness.
Love it here.
The property is beautiful! Everything reflects local! The Jewel of the desert!
I can't speak for the hotel rooms, but my villa was perfect!
FRANK LLOYD WRIGHT DID NOT design this hotel. Read up.
Absolutely beautiful! Stay at the cottage if you can!
There is free uncovered parking or if you are there all day the parking garage is at max $12. It is completely worth not burning your hands on the steering wheel after the car sitting out in the sun all day.
This was the worst service I've ever received at a resort. The staff was extremely irritable and after we found ants in our bath, thousands of tiny bugs on the ceiling and geckos in the closet, They treated us like it was our fault and when they moved us they downgraded us to a smaller room and I had to sleep on the couch given we were downgraded to one bed. we asked an employee for help with our bags and he said "why don't you help me?" And walked away extremely pissed off at us. Never again.
Had an amazing massage by Paula at the spa.
Amazing property.  Staff is awesome and helpful.   Breakfasts daily are great.
The gym has a bench bar ready for benching as well as 2 others to move around, smith machine, pull up/dip assist and two of the pulley machines for various exercises. This is a pretty adequate gym for a hotel!
Avoid this place unless you are willing to pay significant prices for extremely poor customer service.
If you're looking for a self service place its a nice property but the service is short of horrible. I travel a lot on business but this trip was about my kids enjoying the pool and facility. Didn't happen and they are in a hurry to get you out! Won't be staying here again! Hilton should not associate themselves with this property. I have stayed at Hiltons all over the country and I'm Europe and this by far is not like the others.
Free cookie at check-in!
Used to like the doubletree but now the only good thing seems to be the cookies. TV remote sucks. Restaurant is awful. Business center has broken printer. Satellite reception is crap and don't give single bottle of water in room. 3 days of misery. Do yourself a favor stay elsewhere.
Terrible.. When I arrived, my room had an used cup and an used soap. The air conditioning didn't work properly. I could listen to my neighbors.
This place reminds me of Bills in Tahoe. Rock on!
Harry S. is the best dealer in Vegas. Not only a nice guy, he brings the "A" comedic game on the blackjack table.
I didn't see the rooms, but the restaurant selection was the BEST of the casinos we saw. Go to Cleo! SLS is on the far north end of the strip but right by a monorail stop.
Ask for a room close to the elevator or be prepared for a long walk.
Love this hotel...don't order the room service from native new yorker..gag...
Great hotel. Super friendly staff and extremely well kept. Awesome location as well.
Request a room with a patio that overlooks the Bellagio fountains. BEST view in Vegas!!!
One Starbucks in a hotel with thousands of rooms? Lines are always long. Super expensive too compared to other 'bucks.
Here's a tip. Follow the signs to Crystals shops which is adjacent to Aria. Go in there. Marvel at the empty Starbucks there (also cheaper). You are welcome.
Awesome  place love it I have  to pass by and say hi to friends before I go back home
Avoid the "Classic" and "Deluxe" rooms.  They were updated ~20 and ~10 years ago, respectively.  These are the ones that are really worse (dirty, bad condition) than your average economy hotel.  Check out the pictures I loaded - unbelievably they are all from the same "Deluxe" room.  Also - wifi really doesn't work and I didn't get good 3G or 4G either. Internet kiosks in Vegas are about a dollar a minute so avoid if you need Internet.
Do not have the Piella..salty and the fish was stale
Free breakfast in the morning! Free wifi! Awes pool!
Our new place to stay here in Phoenix
Well kept, modern, great value. Workout room, pool an free breakfast were super
Well kept, modern, great value. Workout room, pool an free breakfast were super
Very nice I loved it and was very relaxing
Great hotel! Great location! Highly recommended.
Fabulous...
Every time I have stayed at this Hilton there's been a problem. From the beds not working two showerheads it fall off in your hand.
Great staff and very nice Executive Suites.
Good hotel; slowest internet in the WORLD
First impression : nice hotel. Huge. Great outdoor area. Room inspection: Ewww. Love the gym style shower. Glad I brought shower shoes. No fridge or microwave. As nice as this hotel seems, didn't know u had to ask for those items to be in your room. The carpet...old and stained. Seemed like and old new painted over hotel. Staff was great. Breakfast buffet perfect. Overall..C-
So beautiful here, my favorite place in Vegas.
Seems like an old Embassy Suites that isn't living up to the Renaissance brand. Sad.
Unreliable transportation times!!! Argh!!! I've been waiting in the cold for a half hour.
Not bad but not great either.
Always an interesting show...if you arrive when a show is on
Best music in the city! Sweet potato fries are a must.
Very beautiful hotel.
This is a very good resort. The staff is very nice
Timeshare preview is a great option if you're a rewards member. Suites are nice, not all are updated yet, still spacious and comfortable though.
Thank you for making it right! Very happy!
Just got here...and already don't wanna leave my awesome room!!
If you are looking for the iron and you have a patio area then you better check there!
Business trip!
Do not go into the bar/restaurant
This hotel is great.  Great location, near restaurants, shopping and the staff is wonderful.  When and of you find yourself in Charlotte on business, I recommend this hotel with high marks!
The workout room is worth bringing your gym shoes !
Did not care for the upside down Christmas Tree at all. Was very surprised at this property for doing this. Disrespectful!
Sorry, wifi wasn't free. My apologies but the room was kinda sexy!
Use your Marriott rewards card for free Wi-Fi
Don't stay here
Dont order food here! You've been warned.  I found mold on the bread of the turkey club I ordered!! Mold!! This place needs to be checked out by the health department!!!
Slow service but nice drinks
Lovely lunch menu
Always great to be here....
The walls are a bit thin... Otherwise it's nice.....
First try of the "cigar bothy" here...very nice spot to enjoy a cigar/pipe ;-)
Nice clean spot in downtown  Las Vegas with cheap room rates,! free valet parking, and no hidden resort fees.
Great location, plenty of restaurants within walking distance. They accept dogs, very clean and comfortable. Friendly service.
Fair accommodations, good breakfast, pool and gym, vending machines and small convenience store, laundry machines in-site.
nice room with ALL the amenities! however the free wifi leaves ALOT to be desired...super slow!!
Housekeeping has not improved. Ew!
do NOT fall for the "upgrade" scheme. the rooms are just as bad.
The beds on "upgrade" rooms really are better. They need them in the suites too...
Don't order the steak sandwich.  Too much cheese and bet small portion.  Menu describe as steak serve over a Vienna bread.   The bread looks like a toasted hot dog bun
Friendly service, affordable rates, and free breakfast in the morning as well as free refreshments during the day
This place is awful! One of the worst experiences I've ever had with a hotel. The staff was very rude and the rooms were small and felt like a hospital room. Our air condition wasnt working right in our room and the manager acted like it was a burden when we asked to change rooms. I wouldn't stay here again if you paid me.
Two thumbs up for the beyond courteous night manager and day managers.  Best service ever!
Very nice hotel. Big rooms, awesome awesome beds! Nice pool! Would highly recommend!
Slept here. Very clean and nice. Comfortable.
Would be perfect if I'd known about the pool closure! But they said we could use the other WM resort pools.
Don't stay here. Worst vacation ever. We did not get any rest. They are doing construction and they start at the crack of dawn. And in Las Vegas that is pretty damn early.  I should have suspected something when in the check in line there were other people requesting room changes and EARLY checkouts because of the noise. Sure they give you a piece of paper stating there will be some noise but this sounds like a car ran into the building and constant pounding of a hammer and ripping of carpet.
Ear plugs
Love worldmark resorts!  Room was clean and kitchen nice.  Comfy and nice.
There is a door outside the balcony that's where the washer and dryer is located.
Avoid units facing Tropicana Ave, lots of traffic noise 24/7.
:(
Beautiful setting for a happy hour. It is hopping for a Wednesday!
This is one of the best Ritz-Carlton hotels that I have stayed at in the past few years.  The hotel feels modern and new as well as provides five star service.
Nice place.  New, clean, excellent service, centrally located where the action is across from EPICENTRE
Poorly managed hotel.  Could be so nice otherwise.
Awesome suites!
This staff is very friendly and courteous.
Great location, allows you to walk to most restaurants within the art district.
Great hotel - sweet design!
Nice hotel, just what you'd expect from a W creation.
Airport
Great inexpensive place for airport parking.
Don't stay here. Rude staff. Obnoxious people. Just don't stay here.
The ironing board and iron are on the side of the bed frame. ;)
DO NOT STAY HERE! I left a box of brand new make up in the room when I left that were worth more than 300 dollars. And when I called them and asked about it, they said they didn't find anything! I've stayed at many hotels, and they always keep any left behinds for the customers.
I loved every bit of it!
Long drive!
Nice modern rooms. Friendly staff. Ample parking. Centally located. Safe area.
Come for the free beer, stay for the free breakfast!
Gym is not on site, but at no additional cost you get to work out of Golds Gym. Bonus
If you're going to use the sofa bed, note that it's very uncomfortable with no cushion and only springs.
Not to bad, but very crowded
Don't go to the cafe! Unless you want to drop a quick 10 lbs. UNBELIEVABLE food handling practices! When was their last inspection???
Great place
Casino pays out! I've hit 2 hand pay jackpots in the past 5 months
Bad customer service. Waited 45 total minutes for response to call to front desk from my room on 3 separate times just for a wake up call ! Still haven't gotten an answer as I sit here instead of gambling! THEIR LOSS
Great local bands like the Roxxy Gunn Project play here
Clean rooms, professional staff
Trying out there Buffett!!
Checking in and Rollin out to enjoy VEGAS!! Woohooo!!
Called to book/reserve room and my call was never returned. I then called back as I was 2 hours away from Phoenix and they said that all their rooms were too hot and I should have called earlier... I DID.. Then he says I should find somewhere else since their air conditioning couldn't cool down the room in 2 hours. How bad has this place gotten?
They match points!!
Big, clean rooms. Modern design.  Comfortable, quiet and easy access off of highway.
Beautiful hotel, wonderful staff, huge rooms, very quiet location and a great bar!
Try Viva Chicken across the street. It's amazing and fresh. There is no restaurant on site of the hotel but mostly everything is walking distance or short drive
Get to breakfast early to avoid loooooong line.
The most beautiful modern rooms I have stayed in, in a Marriott. iPod docks and funky two section bathrooms. I love it
Suites are very nice and have lots of room for working at the desks and hanging out in the "living room area". Very clean and a nice view !  Comfortable for 2-3 people
I wish they had paper cups for guests and not glass
Free breakfast from 7-9 am !!!
Happy hour in hotel restaurant from 4-6.  50% off all food!!!!
Breakfast can be crazy. Go early or take it back to your room.
Gross! Dirty. Smelled like a chain smoker had been in the non smoker room.
To put it kindly, the weekend free "breakfast" is lacking. But it's a great place to stay if you like playing Name That Odor.
Strange requirement they have -- they take a photocopy of your license. Can you say identity theft??
Best hotel breakfast ever.
Not too far from Vegas for a low price!
Really nice place. Everything is shiny and clean and brand new.
Hope this place isn't as bad as some of it's reviews...
Okay it's all good except the Wifi sucks...
Grab a granola snack box from the complimentary breakfast beverage bar.
Make sure to ask where your room will be, I thought I was in the main building to find out I was off in the towers.
Great rooms, clean and quiet. Friendly staff. Great breakfast.
Terrible!  Great pool but carpet beetles not so much!
Beautiful hotel with excellent service. Wonderful bartenders and clean rooms with plenty of towels.
Getting better
Basic gym for a decent workout.
They took my own towels LOL Overall its not bad
This hotel is in need of an update.  There are constructions everywhere around the area as well as of Feb 2013
Excellent hotel from service to quality to price to cleanliness 5 star
I do prefer the walkout level rooms
Absolutely dig this hotel!  We'll be back.
Very impressive hotel with a great staff. I will definitely be back.
The scallops were delicious broiled :) A bit salty but tasty... A good portion.
Don't book a room here cause when you get there they might tell you they don't have any left regardless of the fact that your standing there with a confirmation
If you want bed bugs this is the place to be
Finally a bed to crash in....
Price gouging after holidays
Great deal on room, plus breakfast every morning and even two drinks included every night!
Great location
If you have to stay at this hotel, make sure your room doesn't overlook the dumpsters.
For breakfast, you need to be there at 6:30 am in order to avoid the train wreck at 8:30 to 9:30 am. No place to sit, people taking your seat if you get up for any reason. Pathetic
If you need wifi, stay away from this hotel. They want you to pay $9.99/day for spotty wifi. Starbucks is close by and has better wifi.
Terrible internet, baby spiders all over in the bed and the toilet seat was broken.
Plenty of parking, but that's because everyone avoids this place!
This place was disguisting they look like they never vaccumed. Bathtub was gross and birn marks on blankets would not recommemd this hotel
Amazing front staff service especially that lovely Melanie gal!
This hotel is a nightmare infested with bed bugs!!!
This was my first and will be my last time using their airport parking. I called for shuttle upon return, was told 15 min by it took 30. Then because the flight crews use this shuttle they are a priority, even going to the hotel?? I was not allowed on to the 12 passenger limo and had to wait additional 30 min. After midnight by myself! While about 20 crew piled in the limo. The airport shuttles must have come by 20 times in that hour.
Working
Okay, I was going to take pictures to upload, but I see they already have some great photos posted.  Yep, my room is just like the pictures.
This is the King City OnRoute Service Centre. They have various businesses inside the building, including Starbucks, Market, Tim Horton's (of course), Teriyaki Experience, Burger King & Swiss Chalet. The restrooms are kept immaculate. Fuel islands for passenger vehicles out front, parking for larger RVs, buses and trucks in the back. Free WiFi.
The only store open tonight is the Tim Horton's - a little slow in delivery, though.
Dont go there to play bingo, unless you want dirty looks from the supervisor linda and christine.
Truck stop next door is a little noisy so far, but it's only 5:45pm.
Unlike one of the older reviews, the hotel now has LG flat panel TVs in the rooms that are around 32".
During travel it's great for a quick night. Don't recommend for a weekend. Cheaper than the ones down the street. Noisy in the morning.
We loved this place! Never had a bad meal or dessert!
Worst ever! This building should be condemned, filth, no working tv, stay away
DO NOT STAY HERE ! This is my tip
Skip the lame reception...clean room, but terrible water pressure
What a great location
Nice little fitness center, free wifi
Fitness center doesn't work. They have a bike, a treadmill, and a stair climber, but they are all out of service.
Don't come here.
Be prepared for police cars in the parking lot.
If remodeling/construction is going on for the floor above, please do not use the rooms below. Make the hammering stop!!!!!
Love my Marriott s
Smells overwelmingly like horse crap, worst hotel I have ever stayed in, worst then some 3rd world ghetto
Don't count on the breakfast options here. The bread was stale and the muffins were just from plastic bags. Try going down the street. You'll find a Wendy's.
Beautiful hotel! Extremely friendly staff, very helpful. Newly renovated rooms and more upgrades in process.
Hot tip- avoid this place at all costs. I'm at the front desk on my wedding night because the triple booked my room that I paid for in advance and even let them know I'd be checking into late.
The best. Hands down the best place to stay in Las Vegas.
Love it
No non-smoking rooms :( Afternoon snacks/food/soda 4-8p
Ask for the Penthouse with the pool table, its perfect for a group of 10 people with lots of TVs for entertaining
Avoid. Just avoid.
People play loud music at pool which is by rooms. Had a blanket as thin as a sheet and called for a regular one. They didn't have ANY extra blankets.
Don't stay here. Place is a little run down. Better to try elsewhere.
New Tvs led at Mote 6 Glendale
New beding in rooms at Motel 6 Glendale
I wish i was told before that the Cabana Suites do not have their own parking, you park at the El Cortez parking Garage.. Also you Check in inside of El Cortez not the Cabana Suites even though the Cabana Suites are across the street.
Mgt MUST replace the incessantly squeaking bar stools - so bad.
Turn at the Sheetz so you don't miss the private drive.
Stop and check in before parking, you may want to adjust where you park based on where your room is.
Airport shuttle runs from 4 A.M. To midnight, about a 15 min ride to the airport
Free wifi.  Breakfast buffet $15+tax and tip. Overall ok but for the price I was expecting more.
If you call the front desk they will bring up at refrigerator and microwave for you (no rooms have them available).
Nice pillows!!!
Roof top pool is great on a nice day!
One of the most wonderful experiences-for Les Filles is much more than a restaurant- it is time machine to a graceful period and placed in an incredible building at least 225 years old and wears it like a timeless beauty. Please descend to the cellar & gawk at the coffee machine. Beautiful hosts.
Very friendly staff!
For taxi's and shuttles, be sure to specify Westgate.
Rooms are amazing
Big money.
Loves fat tiesdays
Just fabulous!!
Yey!!!
Vegasssssss!!!
Only ice machines on 5th and 50th only! Come on!
Buffet!
Already buzzzzzzzzin
Chillin :)
Suite it up!
Watch out for housekeeping they might jack ur liquor
Donated some money to the craps table at bellagio and now trying to recoup from a casino off the strip hoping to come up. 9.99 steak and lobster, not bad! Came up a few dollars too. Steak not bad. Excellent service from Juan. Wow. Don't let the 9.99 make u think its cheap cuz its worth the money
Dump, dive hotel! !!! Just picture this a section 8 all moved in
I have been at the Casino several times but I decided to pass on it after being harassed several times by some prostitutes who try to offer their services. The place has seen better days and the air is filled by smoke. This place provides no sense of security and a visit should be avoided.
My favorite casino bar in Vegas!!!
Breakfast, happy hour snacks, and WiFi all FREE
Enter from the Paradise/rear side if you have luggage. Instruct your cab of this when you arrive.
$150/daily deposit if paying via Debit card. Just an FYI.
Worst parking garage and very rundown casino.
Room 517 smells like urine soaked urine rags.
Use wifi code: airline2015  You're welcome.
The staff is very friendly and professional. I would highly recommend staying here.
Don't bother if you want service. The bartender is the janitor. Literally. Some odd woman insisted they had full service but I wouldn't come back here. I usually have great experiences at best westerns. But not here!!! Avoid!!!!  Okay. Things improved and I got to tend bar for a minute and eat cookies. And the odd smell is because it's next to a cow pasture. So lots if cow pies.
Friendly front desk staff, tasty breakfast buffet, and comfortable, clean rooms.
Warm, sincere reception from Edward at a 10pm check in.  then a warm morning welcome with a big smile at breakfast from Dani. This is my 4th Hilton owned brand hotel on a long road trip. and this was a first. Standards of service are here in Happy Valley!!! Job well done!
Awesome big & spotless room with the MOST comfortable bed ever & right near a huge shopping center with all you need & great front desk service! Loved my stay!
Clean, very accommodating and professional staff, adjustable bed. Recommended.
Free breakfast!
Immaculate room for a great price.
Well run and clean hotel with best service I've had in a three star hotel, ever!
Great place, not bad priced.
Low water pressure. Close to a not so busy in-n-out....big plus!!!!
Very Clean, Friendly Staff...Will b coming back...
Within walking distance to lots of restaurants and sporting arenas
U
Disgusting place there was a roach crawling on my hand when I was sleeping
Great Rooms and Great Customer Service!
Clean, free breakfast, affordable 24:7 room service.
I love it!!!
Pillows are amazing!
vip.....
Amazing
Such a sick ass hotel
Ballin.
Super sexy hotel.
Try the nutella stuffed french toast from room service. It was yummy!
The Wicked Spoon Buffet. Best buffet I've had in LV. Amazing.
The best new resort on the strip.
Come ready to play!
Friendly staff and amazing attention to detail.  Just do it.
Eat at the wicked spoon
20 on roulette...
Loves
Waiting for our room keys, then it's GAME OVER, Janice Tamayo!!
Swag
Checking in!!!
Why does this place look soooo familiar? Eat pray VEGAS
Got our rooms!
Gambling fail
Gambling and pool time!! :)
It's like I'm in Afterlife on Omega
They don't care if you are a Marriott Platinum or rewards member. This sucks!
Boulevard Pool!
Yayyerrrrr helllsss ya!!!
Spontaneous and crazy with Aileen d.
Stop #1
More expensive than some other casinos. Tries to be more of a lifestyle center than just a casino.
Sippin and watching the Bellagio water show
It's hailing in Vegas lol
Balcony and jacuzzi with a view the Cosmo really knows how to spoil me
Is Hella hot and my crew ain't up yet WTF food and drinks are so much appreciated
Check-in is sooo confusing!
Feels good to be home!!
Best Vegas experience so far
Boulevard pool!
Great gallery inside!
Fluffy beds
Touchdown!
In line for buffet... Camping out like I'm a tween girl waiting for the next twilight/Harry potter movie
What up, what up?!
In Vegas for Thanh's birthday!!
Service is not up to par with environment and decor.  Wynn, Bellagio, much better choices!
Woot woot!!!
1bedroom terrace rooms with fountain views are worth it !
Foster the people! Thanks AG! Best denim brand ever.
Just the right amount of wrong...
Must try "Holsteins" for lunch!
The beautiful young peoples casino
Wraparound suite... Worth every penny and then some!
Wrap around suites are a must! Customer service is tops.
We hereeee
Owned by Marriott so rewards program members can their redeem points at this property.
Get a room with a private terrace...its well worth it
Checkout of your room using your TV, you'll save tons of time.
Check out Jeffrey's cosmopolitan in the main bar...perfection!
Let the mayhem  begin
It's taking more than 4 hours to get a suite ready, does it really take this long?
Ivy's bachelorette!!
Sick.
Beers.
At marquee, dj marcus schultz is f*cking awesome!
:] about to get on that ASTERISK LIFE
Surprised, room layout and quality is great, two TIs, and even come with microwave.
I love this hotel. Decor is beautiful and atmosphere is great.
If you stay here you have to go to the night club! One of the best clubs I've been too!
"Bad Bitch Contest you in First Place" - Two Chainz!
$20 per day for the fitness center is ridiculous. I think they're trying to discourage healthful living.
If you are looking for ultra hip, energizing, and lux this is the LV hotel to be at. Must have room with balcony, overlooking the Bellagio fountains.
Gorgeous hotel & amazing view of the strip but upon arrival, the wooden blind shutters, tables, books, nightstand radio & lighting fixtures all had dust built up on it.  The ice bucket had a used plastic lining still inside with water in it & stains on the carpet. Disappointed with the cleanliness.
Hot chocolate! :D
Ask for Olga for "In House Reservation" she is the Best
Too many hipsters
Not worth the hype. Bad customer service, it seemed like they don't know what's going on. Dirty room, unorganized management, Mostly I didn't feel like anyone special. Like I felt when I stayed at the Aria. I had multiple issues with miscommunication and spent more than half my time pissed off.
Room is awesome!  Full wrap-around couch, microwave, and technology-laden. Top marks.
Groovy place
If you're an Identity Member, head on over to the private  Identity Lounge on the 16th floor for little snacks and lots of cocktails.
Let the party begin!
vegas..........@ stk
Coolest bathrooms ever! Private hot tubs with skyline view.
Fr 500$ Mindestverzehr kann man sich eine Liegewiese oder eine Cabana mieten. Gar nicht mal so billig.
They screwed up the mojito, the most standard drink. Too strong, too small, no suger, too much lime. Was more like a caipirinha. A lot of mint though, better than the last one we got at a previous bar with 3 small mint flakes floating at the top.
G nn annanstans. Dyrt och taskiga drinkar. Flott inredning och frsiga servitriser dock.
G nn annanstans. Dyrt och taskiga drinkar. Flott inredning och frsiga servitriser dock.
Rooms are modern and very nice!
This hotel is the bomb!
amazing hotel! can't wait to come back
Parking is horrible.   It's taking forever to park.
If u plan on having any female companionship in your room this is not the place for you ! Security is rude and very pushy and is not very accepting of your female guests ! I suggest staying anywhere BUT here ... Perhaps the casino royal is a better place
Love this place, I am here at least once a monh!
let the bachelor party commence!!!!!
2013 American Culinary Federation National Convention
Be sure to check out the secret pizzeria on the 3rd floor!!
Wicked Spoon has the best brunch buffet! There are many dishes that you can't find on a regular buffet. Today I had orange ricotta pancakes, watermelon salad, homemade sausage, and so much more. The best part is many of the servings are very small, so you can try so many different dishes without getting too full. The cost is high, but isn't everything in Vegas!?!?
This is a new, modern, city center hotel. We upgraded our room to a wrap around terrace suite and the main shower wouldn't drain, and the TV kept cutting out saying HDMI disconnected. When I informed them they said they would take care of it, never did, and didn't even offer as much as a buffet comp. expensive room for these problems, with horrible customer service. I'm not greedy, but some type of comp for messing up my showers and movies would have been a nice gesture. Next time...who knows.
Great valet service.
Breakfast at the Henry
This is my 2nd time here at this hotel. This the best hotel on the Las Vegas strip. Was here last month for a vacation. Received a email for a complementary visit. We ahead and booked a trip and here I am back again.
Nice place.  Too much partying.
Love our room! Upgraded to a loaded suite- simply gorgeous!
Really wish security would do more about the protestors hassling everyone that walks into/out of the Cosmopolitan  and calling everyone "losers"
Beautiful property, very contemporary feel, great casino.
My new favorite hotel on the Strip!
Awesome hotel and very friendly staff
Woot woot!
Dj is amazing! She is awesome! Had a great time here!
Great lobby with digital book cases and iPad signature system. The rooms are great with luxurious furniture and bedding. If you forget your toothbrush just call the front desk! They will deliver everything you need!
Coming down escalator
My favorite place to stay in Vegas.  Rooms are suites with lanais and great views.  Easy walk to my second favorite hotel
Centrally located in the middle of the strip!
This will be my next stay!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Ready to ef ish up!
Not cheap, but the rooms, fitness center, and staff are great!
Pretty bar!
Perfect amount of wrong ;)
For Some reason checking in for this hotel is very complicated. We been waiting for it now about 20 minutes.
The balcony is great!!! Wouldn't stay anywhere else when visiting Vegas!!   Here's a view from our room
Don't count on your reservation. Booked a terrace suite with a king. They oversold the resort and downgraded us to a room with two beds and smaller. Not how a first class hotel should be treating their guests. Goto Venetian or Wynn. They know how to treat their guests.
marquee sucks xs is much better
Get a room with a balcony facing the strip. Night view is awesome
Join the Identity players club
Check in needs improvement. No signage at all. Total anarchy.
Why is housekeeping so slow here?
Used to be classy for the professional adult. No succumb to the day club kid BS.
The rooms are amazing! I feel like I'm part of the 1%...LOL
Great hotel. Terrible security management. If you get assaulted they'll assume you are drunk and do nothing about it.
Come here....great staff...great rooms...great food!!!!
The chandelier bar here is amazing! Also really really good chocolate cake shots
We are giving the Wicked Spoon another chance
Stayed here 4 days and had a great time. Explore the hotel, do everything except gamble. If you do gamble, gamble at the Bond.
This is the worst venue for a concert.. #brunomars concert avoid at all costs..
My tip: Find the secret little pizza parlor on the 3rd floor!  It makes pretty good New York style pizza!
I love the floating bar inside the huge chandeliers !
My main stay in Vegas for 2015 the staff don't make me feel like I'm bothering them it's really very simple.
Favorite hotel!
Love how modern this hotel is and the rooms are huge at a good price.
Best room w views of the fountain  paris and ferris wheel. 4213
The west end tower room have nice balconies but avoid room 28 as it is next to the elevator bank
Do not get west tower rooms with #28 unless on 14th floor
Watch out for bed bugs!
Minus 1 star for their emphasis on trying to upgrade your reservation.  I understand the business, but I think they lose integrity when they say your room isn't ready (but an upgrade is available) for a fee.  I stayed at this hotel on two separate occasions with the attempt of their team to upgrade, only to receive a text within 20mins that my room was ready.  A different amount was offered to my colleague and I for the same upgraded room.
Hip and fun. Love this place
Get your fortune told by the Lucky Cat! There's a huge statue located towards the front of the hotel. You're greeted by a lady who helps you with the fortune and take pics for you. Love this exhibit!
Best hotel.  I like it a lot .  Sweat customer service awesome Awsum awesumer
I love everything about this place! It's always a great experience
Very nice and clean .. Little expensive night but overall good
The best service, best hotel. Theres no where else I rather stay
The best hotel on the strip of you are looking to have fun in a classy hotel. The only downside is there are not a ton of quick food options. The front desk check-in is smooth. The LED screens at the front are really cool, changing every half hour or so. Would definitely recommend staying here, especially if you are younger.
Handsome bartenders here. Hotter than the heat outside.
I went anyway and loved it hahahaaaaaaaaaa ^_____________^^
Stay away from Cosmo if you plan on using  your hotel room to have 6-8hours sleep at night time. Loud party groups might be just next door and keep you up all night. Hotel would not do much to help you
We had a suite, and it was durty!! $550 for a night, really? So disappointed!!
This place stinks! Literally
My go to hotel when in Vegas. Great view of the strip & the Bellagio's water show!
Clean, beautiful, safe, beds and pillows are plush, and comfy!!
Partnered with Marriott for reward points!
Amazing place!
First class hotel! Great service especially @ Heather at the craps table
Amazing place. Won't stay anywhere else!!
Rip off casino ????? Don't come   I'm never coming back to this place     Ever
Best casino in las vegas
My second home....if you want to be treated like royalty and like luxury stay here.
My favorite Vegas hotel! Hands down the best.
Great location with great restaurants
It's astonishing really how a Hispanic  person was at a machine an then a " white person " sat down next to them, and then the white person began winning!  Is that discrimination or what! Like they can't see us from above!
Don't wear your favorite bikini's in their pool...that was the first time I had to trash 2 suits after being in a resort pool. Went in 2 days & both suits were destroyed.  The water turned the white to yellow, & bleaches the color out of the darks...I realize there are many dirty things in Vegas pools, so many chemicals are needed, but I've been in plenty of bigger pools with more people, cleaner water & never had my suits destroyed. They'd be smart to hire a better pool cleaning service.
rude ass staff at the casino
Most uncomfortable pull out couches. Avoid needing to use them.
Join the identity club... Perks perks perks!!!
Join spg and code for perks
Service is so on and off. Sometimes friendly and other times... rude and careless.
Nice chic hotel, hip young crowd and your right in the middle of the strip.
The line at the buffet is ridiculously long. You have to wait an hour to get seated, even though they have lots of tables open, hostess move super slow to accommodate seating of guests standing in line.  Awful
My favorite hotel in Vegas!
When booking your room, ask to see if there are any promotions running. I've scored complimentary brunch at their buffet Wicked Spoon a couple of times!
Fun short weekend -- great location. Great pool .. But really crowded
Younger hip crowd here and great location within city center!
Beware of security rudeness, rooms booked there or not. And Resort managers unkindliness.
There just isn't enough words to describe this place. It's awesome
Love the room and the amenities, machines don't pay out the best, but everything else out ways that.
Great rooms and amenities, not the best machine pay out, but the hotel makes up for that in many other ways
Cosmopolitan escalade ruined my brand new louboutins stiletto heels!!!
Great management.  Sam, thank you for your help.  U are the bomb. Service is great
Great place to stay!
Marriott property. Use your reward card!
Go check your room to see if it stinks before taking your luggage up. Some rooms stink like crazy and some seem ok.
If you book this room via Hotels.com or Expedia, you may be booking the tower, which looks nothing like the photos. The tower is awful.
Cool and quiet place, cool price for a night or two to just get away for a bit
Best customer service!! Everyone is so helpful!!! Self park good 24hrs at $30 CAN. For special events. Views are gorgeous from rooms and member lounge.
My favorite "home away from home" place to stay. Clean, modern rooms, friendly staff, & 42" HDTV w/premium cable (& HBO). Free wifi, deluxe king sized beds, free hot breakfast daily.
I love wyndham timeshares, I've been using it for years... For the people that complain, you just have to learn how to use the product and use extra getaways for very cheap price. Best for people who have lots of time to travel !!!! :)   Picture is Wyndham Grand Desert taken from penthouse... Amazing view!
Great place to stay and enjoy Las Vegas!
Nice!!!! Very comfy place really nice!
The engineer Eddie was super helpful and nice with whatever you need
Have a baby? Ask for a pack n play!
If you have never been here before it can be a little tricky. Use your GPS if you have one.
I was less than impressed with their refurbishing attempts. I wouldn't recommend it.
So this place has a free shuttle?  Well we scheduled our shuttle, and they much rather pic up someone at the airport than give someone A ride who has two rooms vs one, from the airport!    Ill never be back here and ill let everyone I know to ignore this place!  Being on your game is awesome!  Way to go!
VOMIT smells, BLOOD stains and yellow stains on the sheets, hair in the beds, RUDE staff. It's a health hazard. Don't waste your time!
Really pretty rooms, great beds, nice suite over all.  Very few towels and pillows though, we had 3 sets for a family of 5.  Had to ask for extra.
Very nice I highly recommend it!!! Just needs a microwave
My room was dirty and smelled. The hotel part is the worse, the casino floor is just as bad. Not an improvement since it was remodeled.
Big scam, be careful.
Cold breakfast: cereal,  muffins, toast (standard breakfast fare)
Cold continental breakfast!  Not hot! Standard fair (muffins, cereal, juice).
Thin walls
Hm for the past few days......
Great service
Ahh...this is what the desert is like...
Hotel is beautiful customers service was bad and very rude
Issues came up, but when brought to managements attention, resolutions were quickly found. It's all in how you handle issues! Well done front desk and Rob (housekeeping manager).
The security Barney fife hates to be questioned on why they suck
TheJoe needs food badly
Fan Faire! Try it: you'll like it!
They close you hard on smoking rooms. Beware!
Price is Right show
Hotel was decent, not sure if i come back. WiFi never worked. Thermostat was inconsistent,  Melissa the "supervisor" refused to resolve the situation. She gave us $25 food coupon but wasn't enough for the inconvenience. She was also rude and didn't seem to care much about our complete satisfaction.
horrible!!!!!! stay elsewhere!!! they hire thieves!!!!
Staff are Thieves!!
Check in early. Otherwise they might give away the room you requested and leave you with 1 bed when you need 2
Get a room with a jacuzzi tub the jets and how hot it get is AMAZING!!!!
Right in the heart of the Vegas strip.  Considering everything no free Wi-Fi is extremely disappointing.
I heart of the Vegas strip.  Great place to stay. No free Wi-Fi is a disappointment.
Be prepared to wait forever for check-in. Ridiculous!
Try the BLT at Nosh inside of Ballys! Its located by the Keno area.
Jubilee tower is newly renovated  Parking is the Paris Hotel garage.   Can use the Paris rooftop pool with room key
Room service ends at 1:00pm. Yes, PM.
It was great. . The room. . The service. .I really enjoyed myself here. .
Check in is horrible- lines almost like Disneyland! Posted Signs "check in has never been easier" site doesn't even work. I need a drink ASAP!
Worst stay ever of my frequent trips to Las Vegas. I will NEVER stay at Ballys again. People on casino floor were pleasant but everyone else we came into contact was either rude or provided horrible service and incorrect information. Rooms weren't even cleaned. BAD, BAD, BAD
This hotel has lost its luster! It's looking more like Whiskey Pete's.
15 groups waiting to check in , @ prime arrival time....3 staff members doing check in. Fail!
Central location and Starbucks right out front
Check in time is 4 pm and check out time is 11 am. Online check in and out are so much easier.
Nice hotel,  decent price, they messed up our reservation but fixed it promptly
Corresponds to a 3 star hotel
Run away!
Amazing thank you to Tyler Ross!! Hotel manager
Not as pricy as the big casinos
The hotel room I stayed in is old. It needs an overhaul. The carpet is dirty and stained. The front door is crooked and there is a gap between the door and frame. The bathroom wall is separating at the bottom and needs patching.  The bad part was I'm a commercial driver, but because this was Labor Day weekend, they refused to honor the commercial rate of $24 and I had to pay $130.00. I won't be staying here again unless there are improvements made.
Good rooms, Clean bathrooms, Reasonable price Two thumbs up!!
Free WiFi and nice tv as well as really clean bathroom and plenty of towels.The $30 price on New Year's Night was great.
They overbooked the hotel and our room wasn't available when we arrived. Not cool.
Put your air conditioner below 70 if it's hot outside.  It's muggy Sept now and I had to put temperature on 64 for it to cool like I set it at 78' at home. Maybe there is a 15' time zone difference in the air conditioning system?
Sit in bar area.  Much classier than kitchen area - chic
Perfect hotel in DT Charlotte - close to everything.
Awesome hotel with a great location in the city!
Check out the restaurant downstairs or bar area if you are flying solo.
don't come to this hotel. no casino, no pool, very little staff, and hilton doesn't care if you contact them! waste of $200 a night!!
Excellent room, good service, good location. We are enjoying our stay here.
Free wifi and quiet, just like in a library, but with the pros of a great bar :)
Fun in the sun
Drinks: not free
Celebrating 15 years together. Holy crap!!!!
Best bartender ever!!!
We had 20 plus people staying at the talking stick and we wanted to go to club 270. We had one gentleman with a v-neck black shirt and were refused entry. Spoke with club manager Pamela and general manager Harry. He said he had better things to do and walked away from us and refused our room refund.
$5.25 for a Miller Lite??!
First off the bus to oldtown sucked I fell asleep. The pool was interesting lots of warm areas. I felt like the experience was similar to grown ups the movie
First off the bus ride to old town sucked I fell asleep. The pool is interesting lots of warm spots. The overall experience was similar to the movie grown ups mixed with Superbad. The bellman slept with my friend. The phone has absolutely no dial tone, not good for drunk dialers. The ranch dressing tasted more on the lines of celery sauce. Medium rare burgers are actually medium rare.
Lovely resort. Beautiful rooms with large bathroom. Had a blast at the casino and the views are gorgeous. Would def stay here again!
Winning.
Don't expect to win big. Ditka's is delish
It's annoying that the cash machines don't dispense coins for slot machine cash vouchers.  Makes you go to the long cashier line to get the last few cents after losing the rest of your money.
Had a great experience at this hotel, good service from checking in to checking out
Don't go here...go to Wild Horse Pass Casino is so much better.
Great place with terrible customer service. Specifically the hotel
Customer service is horrible. Will not be returning as a guest
Wonderful atmosphere and a very good price. Will definitely recommend to friends :)
If you bring a dog, be prepared to stay at the hotel for your entire trip if it barks even one time in the middle of the day.
Incompetent management and asinine bullheadedness!
Lots of close restaurants and shops. The bar/restaurant here is always great. Never disappointed here.  Great gym, small pool & hot tub, great atmosphere. Comfy bed ( you can adjust your firmness), feather pillows ( I like firmer pillow so I bring my own). Always a quiet nights sleep without interruptions
There's no way you could go hungry here as they have a free hot breakfast, a "snack pantry", happy hour (including free beer and wine), cookies, and week night dinners.
M favorite hotel on the strip for sure. It has the glamour of the Cosmo without the cost. Plus, it's just across the street and above the Miracle Mile shops.
Fully equipped gym including free weights and complimentary head phones!
Very nice hotel compared to the many others I've been to around here.
Not a bad place. .. was disappointed the treadmill didn't work but would stay again
They SUCK.   Management has no idea what is going on!!!! And if course no one here even cares
Great modern rooms...
Insanely hot wasabi covered bar snacks.
Second stay.   Perfection
Great pet-friendly hotel.
my stay here was que comfortable and cozy, and the staff very friendly and helpful.
Great welcome from Laura at check in. Efficient and quick too.
Nice lobby!!
Very disappointed with my stay. This used to be my favorite hotel, but not anymore.  The beds that we had in our room is too soft, and the sofa bed is close to broken, the elastic part is literally on my back.  We ended up slept on the floor. I dont think i will come back here again. The quality gone down so much
The parking entrance is located at the back of the hotel.  The spaces are tight and best for compact type of cars.
I strongly doubt the frozen alcoholic beverages that come with a souvenir cup for $10 have any alcohol in them at all! My first and last.
Es wird an der Rezeption ein Taxitransfer vom Hotel zum Airport fr 19 angeboten.
Nice place to stay while we visited. Clean and reasonable prices for being able to walk to most old town attractions.
Nice room, kitchenet, coffee maker...
Excellent hotel and a fantastic location.
Friendliest crowd ever!
Prepare yourself for awful customer service but fabulous clean rooms
15 minute drive from the airport
Bring breakfast food for your fridge & buy coffee at Dunkins.
Nearby restaurants get REALLY long lines on Saturday nights.
Great place for the kids. 2 days is plenty. After that, there isn't much left to see.
We stayed sun - wed. I saw one roach & 2 ants. Staff was very nice & helpful when approached. Of course the kids loved it!
fun for the kids. bring hair conditioner!!! and a sweater.
Check in online before getting there.  Kept us from waiting in line upon arrival
Don't get a first (ground) floor room. It is outdoor accessible and the balconies on the 2 3 or 4 floor are nicer.
The Internet connection is so slow. I could barely check e-mail. The televisions are inconveniently placed in the family suites. The beds are stiff and the water in the sink and shower smell and tastes severely of bleach. The walls are so thin just having a conversation in normal tones in our room brought a noise complaint. The bar closes way too early although the bartender Valerie was a charming woman, very skilled at mixing drinks. The rides were fun but the stairs to get there were not.
Bring your swimsuit
Amazing fun to be had!
MagiQuest Tip: if your child is too young to do the quests and play the game, you can buy a wand ($16) and they'll activate it so your child can just point at the MQ things, but not get any points. It's only available for four and under, but both my four year old and 23 month old loved playing with the wands!!
Bring your own drinks and snacks for your room.  Pay extra for the Wolf Pass. It really gets you one round of everything cool for your kid to do/experience. The Magi quest was the highlight for my son, age 6.
Worth it!
Stay somewhere else....don't walk...RUN!!
Find another hotel. If you can't buy some air freshner, a candle, a mint....something it stinks in here.
Blood stained sheets!!! Gross!!
1pm and 7pm daily poker tourneys. $125 buy in...
Outdated rooms smell like an old ash tray.
Great little inn about 10 min from downtown Vegas and two blocks from the strip.
Very friendly staff a+
Within 18 hours of the SLS's opening, we came to the hotel bar for cocktail. Today, service was SLOW. However, after walking the casino floor and gambling for an hour, we decided to eat ordering burgers in Umami, where service was outstanding! Our waitress is charming, perky and adorable! Yay!
Ben at the pool is a 10.
Close to Pearson Airport, new 7 story hotel.  Great breakfast and nice hospitality.
DO NOT COME TO THIS HOTEL!  This is the worst.  They lie to you about show tickets and can't keep their promises.  I repeat do not come to this hotel.  I hope this hotel goes out of business.  They are poor business people.
Dog friendly, nice decor, $50 deposit a day in case there's a damage? No outside food and drinks allowed?What's up with that?
Bring your swimsuit
All i have to say is that I had a bomb.com experience. Great ppl, amazing service and comfortable bed!!!!
Always a great spot to kick back from the Vegas chaos or bump to some afternoon poolside DJ tunes. Easy access to all rooms the Beautiful flow of the landscaping xeriscape mixed with grass and palm trees, your own patio or balcony. Best of all your pooch can join in on your stay to Vegas. a dog park just for hotel guests. Addiction, the in house restaurant serves up some delicious fare either inside in the cutting edge decor or outside on the expansive patio area under the umbrellas. Enjoy ya'll
If you don't mind dogs barking at all hours and little to no Internet service, by all means , check in here.  Otherwise, stay in s decent hotel that had its act together !!
Always a good time. Dog friendly. Super cure
Be sure you're going or that nothing else comes up incase you need to cancel. Because they have a no cancelation policy.
I will never stay here again!!!!! Very nasty place just filthy!!!!!!!
Check the sheets! Lifted up the top sheet to get in bed & there was a large yellow stain & a few other mystery spots. Take your own blanket & pillow :/
The price they charge for a late check out ($25), might as well pay for an additional night here ($30). -__-
Started my vacation off great with the best bartender ever Rocket! Thank u Rocket!
So I landed myself a reservation here, after thinking I would get a Marriott hotel through Priceline's express booking. These reviews make me cringe! *sigh* I have to make the most out of my birthday weekend.  Here are some tips to enhance your experience:  Bring extra sheet, blanket, and pillows.  Buy candles and incense to get rid of any smell.   Buy Shower flip flops! (You will thank me).  Bring slippers.  Bring/buy a mini fan & household cleaner.   Oh, don't forget the Pepper spray & Wine!!!
Pink cactus!
Been coming here for years and still love it. Staff, ambiance everything is on point
Sleep in your car - quieter than the rooms from 12-6am
This place has gone to shit hole!!! Don't come here expecting it to be sanitary!
Paper thin walls, not good for staying up talking or getting a good sleep.
The lobby bar on a Saturday has mad cougars, watch out!
Okay place - feels like its being run by a group of young people without luxury hotel experience. We stayed 2 nights in a King Suite for 489/night.   The 'pretentious' reviews are spot on. We couldnt find 'classy', but we found some 'sassy' from the security guards though! They still had that bounceresque vibe which I havent felt since my university days - wouldnt be surprised if they really were bouncers as the lobby was always full at night of people trying to get to the elevator.  I'd go SOHO
Okay place - feels like its being run by a group of young people without luxury hotel experience. We styed 2 nights in a King Suite for 489/night.   The 'pretentious' reviewes are spot on. We couldnt find 'classy', but we found some 'sassy' from the security guards though! They still had that bounceresque vibe which I havent felt since my university days - wouldnt be surprised if they really were bouncers as the lobby was always full at night of people trying to get to the elevator.  I'd go SOHO
Good room. High class. Cool shower. Valet parking $45
Slow front desk, sloppy service but grill is good in service especially during breakfast
This place is amazing! Affordable stay and very friendly staff!
Get a glass of local Riesling in the hotel bar next to the lobby after work. Perfect sweet balance to the spicy nuts on hand.
Rhrei oder hnliches gibt es beim Frhstck inkl. aller extrawnsche frisch auf Anfrage
Sauber und gemtlich und es gibt natrlich Raucherzimmer
Great staff Clean Small rooms Horrid shower that sprays everywhere Spongy beds Great breakfast buffet
Das Frhstck ist wirklich super. Vorallem kann ich die belgischen Waffeln empfehlen. YUMMY
Es gibt immer wieder kostenlose Workout Sessions. Das ist super :)
Am besten beim CheckIn gleich sagen bzw. angeben, dass man ein Zimmer abgewand von der Strae haben mchte, wenn man mit offenem Fensterschlfer ist. Sonst hrt man die U-Bahn und Autos schon sehr.
My husband is staying here @ this hotel now. First time here. I'll be joining him soon. He sats the room is clean But the A.C is not as cool as in the states. He rates the A.C. 60% Out of 100%. Cool outside. Leave balcony door open & U would be better especially if U have allergies he says. Location of hotel is neighbor to a 6 story building mall. MALL NAME IS Breuningerland. He recommends staying @ this hotel. FREE WiFi. Nice room chair with leg rest he says is awesome. Satellite TV. Queen bed.
super hotel, spitzen service und netten fittie und spa bereich. alles rund fr eine business bernachtung!!
Reciprocate kindness with kindness
Family owned hotel, not too big but a  very valid alternative to the big chains in the north of Stuttgart. Just 15 mins to merc untertrkheim with the car...
Das Sonntagsbrunch in der Piazza ist einfach die Wucht.
an der Bar scheinen die Drinks nie auszugehen
Kostenlose Tiefgarage, kein Eiskratzen am Auto im Winter
Frhstck wie im 5 Sterne Hotel
Direkt an der S- Bahn Haltestelle
kostenlose Parkpltze und super Lage direkt am Waldrand
Wie immer qualitativ hochwertig und lecker. Nette Bedienung und schneller Service.
Lokale Kche !
Kreative Kche von Tim Hornung
Get the crispy Flammkuchen
The breakfasts are trully superb. Other meals are average, not really special.
Schlechter Service, schlechtes Essen und viel zu teuer fr diese mini Portion!
Nach der Renovierung erhhe ich auch vier Punkte.
Die schwbische Herzlichkeit der Bedienung und der schne Garten wo man drauen sitzen kann, sehr schn!
Liegt sehr nahe am Flughafen. Nettes Personal - ansonsten eben ibis-Standard.
Nahe am Flughafen gelegen - nettes Personal - ansonsten ibis Standard
Sky Championsleague an der Sportsbar
Nahe Flughafen Stuttgart - Gutes Preis-Leistungsverhltnis
really good breakfast buffet
Pretty close to an American style hotel. No ironing board in the room, but all the other regular amenities are there. (Mini-fridge, coffee maker, hair dryer, a closet and drawers, etc)
Hotel is good. Cancellation is inflexible and wifi is bad.
Near the train station, has a parking garage. Lovely breakfast buffet from 0600-1100.
Gorgeous spa and room clean and elegantly furnished.  Comfy bed!
This is a excellent  restaurant!  Do not  shoot the plumb brandy
Very nice location! Excellent food and service!!
Ein Business Hotel ohne freies WLAN auf dem Zimmer???? Gar nicht gut und weit hinter der Zeit!
Wow, Zimmer schick renoviert und nicht mehr so weiche Matratzen!
Leider gibt es nach wie vor kein kostenloses WLAN.
Die Buttervariationen zum Brit sollte man etwas stehen lassen.
Candlelightdinner
All summer long, they are offering $5 Dive In Double Feature Movies. The movies aren't new, but it is nice to kick back in the pool and watch a movie. First one starts at 7:00, but come early to get the best seats!
We went there last weekend! Amazingly clean rooms!! The view from our room was simply perfect, had a really good stay! There was a little espresso machine in the room so having a coffee while looking at the city in the morning was perfect! The only thing is the location! Just right behing is a really sketchy corner of montreal! A lot of homeless and strip clubs! Just be careful where and who you walk with! Otherwise, it was amazing!
Our room smelled like cigarette smoke was flowing into the room vents at times
Rooms are very clean. Internet is expensive and works poorly.
Very nice hotel with a great breakfast buffet and friendly staff. Recommended.
Nach Mglichkeit Zimmer zum Innenhof bzw Parkplatz whlen, da deutlich leiser!!
Hotel luft seit einiger Zeit unter dem Label ibis budget
Across Lindenholf restaurant, entrance (eingang) is b/w Commerzbank . Walk to the back. If you arrive late use the phone provide to call sister hotel. At the Mhringen banhof U12 cross the street and go down the street perpendicular about 1 block.
#ibis Hotels sind klasse. Nur dieses ist unbedingt zu meiden. Jedes Mal gibt es hier Probleme :(
Immer noch ein Hotel mit gutem Preis/Leistungsvehltnis und freundlichem Service
Stay away!!! Terrible hotel :(
Die Bar ist 24h geffnet. Kleine, aber feine Terrasse. Flasche Wasser 0,75l fr 3,90
Ganz ordentliches Hotel
Comfy beds and nice bathroom. Also has good breakfast.
Take the stairs... Way faster than waiting for the elevator...
Stay here to be close to train station,  modern shopping and easy walk to old town
My dads favorite spot Jimmy LaSane! I personally don't like it Too smoky for me!!!
Do NOT use the "green room" cards that allow you to refuse having your room cleaned. If there are 15 a worker gets sent home without pay.
I would eat here again.
Big rooms, friendly staff.
Badly maintained property.
READ THE REVIEWS PEOPLE!!! DO NOT STAY HERE! It's filthy, run down and just plain nasty. Stay elsewhere!!!!!
Ice machine not on every floor. Front automatic door is loud and can startle you. A few cosmetic flaws but otherwise a great place to stay.
I wouldn't stay in this dump again if it was for free
We had the worst experience at this hotel. Michelle brown and Kim (who wouldn't give us the last name) treated us very badly. We booked the hotel online for a cheaper price. Few hours later they called me and said sorry the actual rate is $129 with tax $150. So I was charged more and they assisted me very poorly about that. When I was asking questions they were giving vague answers. We were in Pittsburg for only 1 night and spent half my time dealing with them. They ruined our experience!!
they own rooms and rent them out through hotwire. you won't know this until you run into a problem, hence all the horrible reviews.
Full breakfast included. Yay!
Gross! The whole placed smelled like urine. The hotel manager walked us to our room... But the room was disgusting, I walked in and I didn't want to touch anything. The bed seemed like it could fall apart at any moment. The cabinets were falling apart. But when we checked in the manager was telling us that he keeps one night guests away from the extended guests becuase he knows they are up to no good back in their building.. like what is with that, you are a manager and should be on top of it.
Love this hotel! Very trendy and modern  Beya Ikeda SLS LAS VEGAS LIFE Night Club VIP Services Beya.ikeda@slshotels.com 909-240-7082 IG: @sls.beya
I am used too hotels from Vegas where they are spotless clean, well some because I'm sure there are some that were awful. Any who, there is really no plus other than a place to sleep other than that it's super plain , they should not charge as much as they do! Anywho stay away from Days Inn and specially from Americas Best.
Free wifi!
Don't get food at the restaurant. There are waterbugs (BIG ROACHES) just walking around as you dine! YUCK!
I am here on business and I'm staying at this place. From the looks outside it's definitely not a place I would pick. The hotel is very old and ooooooooowee the blk girl at the front desk is very rude. She's in the wrong business of choice..
Ghetto
Sub standard, not worth the price for the room. Bed wasn't properly made, hair on the floor, stained curtains that don't fully close, light fixtures that don't work, and motel 6 quality bath towels. Stay elsewhere.
Ac and fridge in the room can be loud.  Be sure to bring ear plugs!
Google and iPhone maps directions said to drive on rose pkwy and u-turn but it's not necessary. You can follow your instinct and turn left at the light to drive through the parking lot to the hotel (it's not an official street, hence it doesn't show on maps)
Comfort cozy and extremely helpful staff
Pet friendly!!!!
Literally across the street from a Cracker Barrel, and several restaurants are nearby. Roy's Hawaiian Fusion, Z-Tejas, Olive Garden, Outback Steakhouse and many other options available within a five mile drive. Please, if you have a smartphone, there is no need to eat at this hotel's restaurant!
Don't drive or arrive early - parking isn't easy in Edinburgh!
Wow. Glad we decided to come here. Both food and service are fantastic.
Pet friendly hotel for 15 bucks a night. Well worth it. Nice place. Friendly service
Hip, great service, REALLY friendly staff!!!   I'll be back!
The Coffee Beanery? Seriously? Of all the great cafes in Venice, they give The Coffee Beanery exclusive rights.
Worst. Service. Ever.
Breakfast is not included.
Parking is valet only and costs $11 per evening with in and out privileges.
Great hotel with very friendly staff. Many services offered. I stayed for right at 100 a night which was half the price of the first hotel I was in and this one offered more services. No complaints.
Great downtown location very clean
wifi was supposed to be free. What happened? Why does it ask you to log in now? And it's been spotty.Guess I have to Ask @ the front desk...
Nothing "Grand" about this hotel....avoid if given a choice...
Rooms on the downtown side of the hotel get much better ATT cell coverage. The river side of the hotel rooms have almost none.
One of the most disgusting hotels i've ever stayed in.
Our bartender is shy
Under construction!
Dirty, hair in the bathroom, roach in the room. Just yuck.
Upgraded to the Signature room for $20. Very nice. Yes the timeshare pitch awaited us prior to reaching our room. "I'm not interested" isn't that hard to say.
Nice comfortable hotel. Great king size bed nice tv offerings. Starbucks coffee too
This is a hidden jem!  The food was fabulous. Everything looked so good it was hard to choose from!  We sat in the "sun room, had phenomenal service and enjoyed a superb bottle of Shiraz wine!  I also just found out that you can stay here over night-a fancy bed an breakfast :).
Wonderful
Vegetable risotto is really yummy and makes you feel like you're eating something healthy because there's so many vegetables :D
Patio seating is worth it on a sunny day!
Free valet parking!
Amazing food. Incredible service (thanks,Lisa!). Highly recommend.
Bourban flight Tuesdays are legit.
Dude Drury Inn is epic, had no clue they were doing this great. 530 drinks and food is free! Free food and drinks like win.
There's a TV in the bathroom!
bad service . bed bugs. do not stay here!!
Don't ever stay here !!!!! Trashy and a waste Of money
Avoid this place. They have the worst customer service I have ever experienced.
By 4:30-5:00pm in the summer all the pools here are in the shadow of city center towers, which is usually a good thing.
No internet wifi or plug in is included and has to be a separate charge. In this day and age? Really?  What dinosaur set that policy?
Keep your room key handy. Security checks it to access all different parts of the property...which is actually nice.
I don't want to leave a tip
Go elsewhere until the management changes
The difference between an on the strip hotel and off the strip hotel... Valet won't take food, drinks, and ice chests.... Leaving me to struggle with it all. Real nice Hard Rock. Haven't even checked in yet and know I won't be back. Bullshit service.
No fourth floor as it is considered to be an unlucky number!
Very nice.  I hear this place used to be the Ritz Carlton.
Excellent service. Ease of check in.  Friendly staff. Clean.
Great hotel for a temporary stay!
Keep driving past this.
Very nice rooms!
Yay restaurant week!
Beware of the management if they do a bait and switch on rooms.
Horrible service
Weak wi-fi on floor 6 for some reason. FYI: This hotel presently holds the top spot for best customer service for all of North America for Hilton Garden chain.
Vday weekend! It's amazing I was able to book this room at $129 last minute while 99% of the other hotels were sold out or selling for $250+
Close to the airport. Clean, neat and the shuttle runs on time.
Good food, good price, good space, central. Also great drink specials!
Food was great as were the drinks and service. Cosy lil spot
Bed bugs! Ew!
Not good.....
Great hotel for my first anniversary
Easy access from airport. The staff are very friendly and accommodating!
More like extended stain america!
Restaurant hours did not state that the kitchen actually closed a 1/2 hour earlier.
Found toenail clippings in our sheets tonight...won't be staying here again
Ask for the larger room if bring your family.
I would never stay with westgate
My home away from home!
PLZ let ur paying guests know B4 they book a business team mtg the 3 days they are going to be there "everything" is off limits-the pools, jacuzzi, firepits, bars, restaurants, all common areas- even the lobby bar except 4 the hundreds of Pfister pharma lawyers who took over the hotel and bought out floors...We couldn't even "buy" a drink or go sit somewhere else-no alcohol or food xcept coffee bar was available for almost 3 full days unless you were with the $$$ pharma peeps.Westin didn't care!
Booked on Hotels.com saved $
Great Marriott hotel! Shannon Haddock was so helpful! Looking forward to returning.
Check out their airport parking service...You don't have to stay over night, and its around $3 / day .. they shuttle you to and from airport too for free.
Quiet, clean and comfortable rooms!!!!
Amanda at the front desk is awesome. Very kind, accommodating, and helpful. And the room is great.
It's cheap and it's close the to airport. That's about it. Check the photos ...
They must have updated, nice place reasonable rates!
Avoid this place at all costs!
Nice hotel, clean but had an ant issue during our stay . Management was extra nice and moved us and the second room was fine.
Ridiculous. You can't come back from a club at 5 am without getting a noise complaint from neighbors. Never staying here or at another Hilton again.
Never stay here if you're planning to party in Vegas.
Hilton has incompetent staff who do not understand basic customer service concepts. The manager willingly let us leave disgruntled and upset.
The service is slipping to border line horrible..
They have a restaurant inside if you choose to eat in and a bar.
It's not in the heart of the strip, but the rooms are bug, right priced...  Down the street from a liquor store, souvenir shops, etc...   Easy to get a cab wherever you want, and free parking if you have a rental.  Don't let the outside spook you.
Five words: Let. Me. Out. Of. Here!
Good comfy room.
Good place to stay, trust me.
Got violent food poisoning from room service, ordered an omlettte. Couldn't go out of the room for almost 2 days
They will charge you per person accommodations. Make sure you know the complete rate before traveling all the way to this place.
Stay farfar away from this place!! They charged my card "for extra people!"We were having challenges already with the front desk staff upon check-in. Told them our kids were going to stay with our friends close-by since they wanted to hang out anyway. On check out, I asked if there were any charges, they said no. I just checked my bank account. They charged me $40. I called them and asked them why and they said they have video recording of extra people staying in my room! They all got csi on me!
Their lobby and hallway reeks of curry! I'm sure it wasn't a one day thing. The whole week it reeked! Well, at least the rooms smelled good.  Do not believe the reviews on the hotel website!!!! They aren't real!! Everything was too positive.
This hotel has everything you need. If looking for a great hotel look no further.
Amazing atmosphere very friendly service over all great Mike the bar tender super great service.
Amazing love this place great atmosphere!! Kid friendly
Eeeek! Bring your gun. Serious.
Stay there 3 difrant  times for a few days , was 100 precent  happy
Tip: If you are a light sleeper prepare to be awoken by night train(s) that pass just outside the hotel. It scared the $hit out of me. Thought it was a small seismic event--your room will shake. Wonder if hotel staff knows this? A big issue.
Food was great.  Service was great too.  I will return for more seafood noodle soup.
Two sets of keys that have not worked... annoying! Let's hope the third set will actually work.
Good for family
This place is amazing!!!! Super swanky n great ambiance!
So annoying. I haven't even gotten there and it's already some of the worst service. Called to ask about shuttle service. Got the run around 3 different times, put on hold for over 20 min, and then hung up on! Screenshot of me just waiting!
Complimentary coffee in morning, waters in your room, and free valet parking.
On a weekday you can rent a day bed which is basically in the water for $150 which is your min in food and drink. Sounds crazy but a couple buckets of beer and lunch for 3-4 people and your easily at that! Don't fight over chairs and get your own roomy area. It even has an optional umbrella!!
Seeing Cold War Kids and Papa
Buy your booze inside before concerts. Drinks are twice as much outside & the selection is limited.
Get there early (around 11am) if you want a complimentary chair, otherwise they may all be reserved. Cosmopolitan Hotel guests have preferred access - perk!
Sit at the top level for a view of the pool and the strip.
New hotel with huge hot breakfast
When we were first dropped off at the front entrance the hotel is breathtaking! The lobby is beautiful and only made me even more excited to see our room. We stayed in room 1118 a loft suite and it is even better than I expected. Beautiful spacious room. Amazing veiws. Absolute comfortable bed. Very trendy very clean. My stay isn't over yet but I just couldn't wait to give this hotel stellar reviews. Great prices, free WiFi and a very friendly staff. Love it!!!
Hotel staff were friendly and helpful.  Room was small but nice and clean.
Nice room great staff special mention to Micah, Anthony, Ace, Holden and Robert.  The only downside is the wifi. It's horrid.
Surprisingly nice for a Super8. Parking is only $10 as a hotel guest. Super friendly staff. 15 min walk to CN tower, located in a mall in Chinatown.
Bosk restaurant - breakfast is expensive and yet you get little value from the money you spend compared to the breakfast at the Ritz Carlton.  Quite disappointing compared to the Shangrila Buffet in Asia.
Wear a condom when sexing hookers, wear socks when walking on floor
Tall ceilings always make the room feel bigger.
Very clean and spacious hotel
There are 2 Drury hotels in this area, if you have a reservation and not from around here, double check to make sure you arrive at the right one.
Only here for business
do not stay here if you value your life and your personal possessions!
Here for Mtley Cre. Valets are unionized, music everywhere, food and drinks looks great. Gonna be a good night.
Paradise towers dont have the french doors.
The gym is tiny and the machines are not well maintained.
Marco and Matt are the best!! Set up the best Vegas trip ever for us!
Only perk is it is close to the airport. I love Marriott, but this was not my favorite
RUN FAR AWAY from this place!! This hotel looks nicer online...save your $$
Internet sucks!!!
This place was recently remodeled and looks nice. It's noisey though, depending on where your room is located.
Make sure you don't park across the street, that's for the water department.  Parking garage for the hotel is right next to the hotel.
NEVER have a wedding or a special event here. From the beginning it was a joke we should have backed out before we began. They only care about getting their money and more money. Employees that I paid good money for should not be eating my food that I paid $3800 for as well as when asked to save my top cake (tradition) to then throw it away. As well as the food (health code says 2 hours) our dinner was 1 hour. How is a bride and bridesmaid cutting a cake while employees eat.
Cnt.. Wedding coordinator..my guests did a better job cuz she was no where to be found. My wedding was a great and beautiful one because how hard is it to put table clothes down..we did the centerpieces cuz I didnt want to get charged for them doing it. It was amazing night cuz of the people we had there so I had a fun night but after paying 11,000 with the rooms we had saved and our wedding you think our room would be included. This place is a joke. If your planning an event DONT DO IT HERE.
They are the worst.  Stay away
Great Place to stay, this place is now a Super 8, stayed here for 2 nights, room was nice and clean staff was nice and friendly especially the morning clerk Erica she was very professional I will definitely stay here again
$40 to sleep not bad.
Chris the shuttle driver is awesome. I would stay with Super 8 just because of him!
cheap and good Motel, there is a small pool with Jacuzzi.
32nd floor+  non smoking room+ flat screen tv+ keurig coffee machine+ figi bottle water= $35. Im sold!
We're in a strange situation now. The water is cut off... we do not have access to any running water. We were not warned about this ahead of time... and when my love confronted the front desk, they explained it was construction. To make this clear, our toilet, sink, and shower do not work. At a campground? No big deal. At a Hilton Hotel? This is outrageous. We received no notification that this would happen. If a notice was in order we'd be a little more understanding. ...but even still...
The staff is phenomenal though. Maybe this water thing was a fluke. I'll wait till the end of our experience to make a call.
Beautiful mid-century hotel! Service is excellent.
Beautiful for a wedding!
first time here. just ok overall. internet not the best. shuttle service so-so.
Nice hotel. Breakfast is not free!!
If u like trance music blasting through your chest until 4am, this is the place for you!
Amazing hotel. Great price and Great location. Loved the setup!
dont stay here.
Get the Ceciche!
Review coming. Will never stay here again!!!!
Place is nice & clean, just was disappointed by the very cold & unfriendly staff. I missed my connecting flight due to a winter storm. When I called to make hotel reservation, I was told hotel was full and was hung up on, while I was talking. Yet, I was able to book o a room online. Then, when I called front desk to kindly ask about late checkout since I wasn't able to get on a late evening flight. Barely finished talking and was hung up on after telling me I can stay till 2pm. :(
Just a one-nighter...nothing more than that.
Nasty place.. mold in the room on the bathroom ceiling and in the closet....
We just arrived :). Very nice
Don't eat or order food from Distrito. It's just gross. No matter how fancy the menu reads it's just barf on a dry bun or tortilla.
Great location and great rooms! Highly recommend.
Very clean and well appointed. Staff is courteous plus helpfull.
There's an indoor pool and an outdoor pool
Great hotel, very clean and the staff was very nice amd helpful.
Do NOT stay here, pay the extra and stay at Motel 6 or Fairfield
Valet parking is on Jefferson. Staff is friendly & professional at check-in, but slow to warm up to you in the bar. Complimentary wine social from 5-6pm is a nice touch. The rooftop pool (on 3rd floor) was an exquisite place to relax on such a beautiful evening. Rooms are incredibly spacious and classy. We recommend this hotel as a great place to stay in downtown Phoenix!
Gregory from concierge is a ROCKSTAR, went above and beyond for me!!! Amazing guy!!!
Great local casino
Do not stay here! Sleep in your car!
Don't do it. This whole area is where you go to score hookers. I don't judge on the oldest profession, but the legality of the profession brings with it a higher level of crime. If you do decide to play at this motel, know your exits.
Warning, no attached parking. Take your stuff with you when you checkin, they will give you validated parking for across the street in a parking garage.
Not impressed. Expect random wake up calls - mine was at five despite having requested no call, other people who stayed here said the hotel called their spouses who weren't even staying at the hotel with them to wake them up as well. No apologies as to their mistake. Shuttle service not guaranteed. Would stay elsewhere.
$15 a day for valet. Even for club owners! HGV, club owners should have complimentary valet.
Do not order oatmeal via room service! I eat oatmeal almost every day and this was the worst I've ever had... So dry and bland, and crusty at the top? I would've been fine with just instant.
Garbage
The pool is nice and plenty of palm trees remind you that you are living in paradise!
Most odd-numbered rooms face the highway; traffic noise can be heard at all hours but is horrible between 5 and 8 a.m.
State of the art rooms with floor to ceiling window with a great view!
No free wifi
Can't wait to come back!!
This is a beautiful hotel! Great rooms and good location!
Get a high floor. Watch the housekeeping. $10 a day for WfFi!  Suck it up Hilton, everyone else is doing it for free these days!
Jess B. I was there a few days a head of you my check in took about 3min. I arrived about 6pm. Check in is at 4pm maybe the tip is to park enjoy the shops food or gambling for just a bit if necessary. Before checking in. As far as check out, I did that on the TV and left easy
Service here is amazing, had a little bump in the road but Tim got us back on track, the rooms are clean w a killer view
What a great secret here in Vegas, not many of these great secrets left. Beautiful lobby it's connected with PH and miracle mile shops. The room is spectacular and the views well let me say this Its unmatched!
Second time here in one week. Asked for a high floor. He blatantly lied and put me on the 7th floor. I know he lied because they put a coworker on the 35th floor. Why lie?!
Self parking is best way and very close by hotel.
Pretty good hotel although there are many problems. Will write a review soon
Perfect location... Centrally located & attached to the mall
They made it right.  Good response after I posted my original review.
Likes: Room was beautiful and very spacious.4 people and in our suite we could have easily fit 10 people comfortably (using the pull out beds). There was a big kitchen in the main common area and a microwave, frig, and toaster. Queen size bed in the second room and King in the master. plus was the view  and the huge shades that covered when you wanted to close and to open. There was also a projector tin the main area. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. DEF A BANG FOR YOUR BUCK
I love the security safety measures of the hotel!
Very trendy suite, right in the heart of the strip.  Gorgeous view of the Eiffel Tower!
They don't have free wireless- and without it most internet searches and open table sessions time out/don't connect.
Weekends don't count on quick room service. Was on hold 23 mins before I went to the Lobby Bar to order and take up to my room.   On the week days it was quick.
Don't ask for help from a guy named "West" doesn't help out at all! Very rude! Disrespectful too, just trying to get to the elevator and made a big scene about it!
Disappointing - not impressed at all
Request a room above as high up as possible. Buy your booze at the CVS or even the hotel lobby instead of at the pool to save money. Same goes for food - pool food is mediocre.
Parking on the third floor of the PH (planet hollywood) parking garage will provide easy access to the Elara.
Awesome hotel.Very clean quiet great for families.
Can't go wrong with a king suite at this place
The Elara participates in the Strip self parking - $8/day unlimited in/out privilege at participating hotels (which included all the ones you're going to want to go to)
Use Lyft! With all the promotions they have, it'll only cost you $2-$4 to get across the strip.
Uber considers Elara to be Planet HollyWood so call/text them after you request a ride.
Nice staff and very friendly  Prices more than okay ! Rooms spacey and clean
RUDE STAFF. Not worth the savings in $$.
Waking distance to Scottsdale Stadium - Go Giants
Nice staff, good location, room was clean, would stay again if visiting Scottsdale.
Book through the hotel website to get the best deal! We have saved a bit of money each year doing this.
Be cautious if booking through Priceline. Hotel triple charged us.
Big money!
Stay anywhere else.
Don't stay here!
May as well find the stairs.  This place is a pit.
HAWAII menu @ The D, Oxtail Soup & Loco Moco even!!
Rude ass customer service
Dont set foot in this place if you have kids under 21. This fascist hotel wont allow them inside to eat, use the washroom, or simply pass through. KIDS!! Its not like they wanted to gamble and drink. Ignorant mgmt is an understatement. Especially seeing as the place was almost empty. We'll go back when it finally goes bankrupt, changes names and mgmt, and smartens the hell up. Otherwise, we stick with respectable places like Golden Nugget.
Don't like the pounding music
I suggest eating at the steakhouse such goos food.
D Hotel..... Slowest elevators in Vegas?
Worst elevators in the world. Seriously it takes 15-30 mins everytime.
Elevators are the worst. Have gone out twice in my three days stay. Had to walk down from the 23rd floor once. Not a happy camper.
Totally disappointed!! I've stayed here before and always had a good experience. However this time was a total disgusted one. My wife got bed bug bites at night in our room and some more while playing on the floor at the slots! We were moved to another room but the next day we ran into a man in the elevator on his way to front desk with a pillow that had a bed bug! This is horrible and will no longer stay here.
The elevators suck. The 2 days I been here I had to walk down the stairs to get my food. The workers don't seem to care about your problem. Food credit doesn't substitute for a working fuckin elevator. Please complain when this happens to you. Maybe they can figure it out.
The elevators are alright. There's a keypad that you enter your floor number into and it sends one of 5 elevators to take you there. Easy!
Beware people from the room next door can look through the vent in the bathroom and see what you are doing in the bathroom.
The prices for the restaurant is pricey.  The quality of food is not good  and they don't put the right side items with what you order.
Stay clear of this place
Not the best Casino but not the worst
Not the best Casino but not the worst, a bit small , so the tables have a wait
Do not stay here! Their elevators have been down since we got here and we f***ing got stuck in one too!!! Takes at least 10 mins to go to and from your room in elevators that (kinda) work.
Elevators going down is a nightmare. Be prepared to wait for what feels like an eternity
The Staff of the hotel & casino are very friendly. The rooms & casino are very clean & up to my standards. The elevators where a hassle everyday of the stay (several kept being out of order, causing longs waits for other elevators & also making me take the stairs just to get to my desired floors, SHAME) The pool is very mediocre (most of the beach chairs where broken & the outdoor bathroom wasn't accessible,UGH) The Slots aren't very loose, so be prepared  jus for a just stay and play!
Stay ANYWHERE else.
I love this place! Can't wait to go back in December.
My wife and love to gamble at this hotel. A new plus is they are showering her with promotions. The Italian steakhouse is excellent. I felt like I was in Delmonicos NY.
No bar in the hotel but you can walk across the parking lot to the Marriott Courtyard and they have a bar that opens at 5:00 p.m.  They also have a laundry room available for guests to use, I thought that was great considering we were stuck In town another day with a suitcase full of dirty clothes.
The shuttle service is nice runs till 2am
If you need space to air-dry some laundry, the little baby-head hangers will JUST fit the towel rack in the bathroom.
Casino area renovation looks nice but functionality isn't great. Gambling table areas seem smaller than when it was Imperial Palace. Cashier is way in the back next to the hotel elevators.
If you brought your own bottles to drink, know that you can't put it in your fridge unless you wanna pay that $30 restocking fee!!! Hope you like your drinks warm!
Rooms need a upgrade badly
Dont stay here, its under renovation and its a mess
Worst food I've eaten in a long time
Parking is on P2,  the signage is a bit confusing. The hotel will take your car information and confirm you are parked on P2 when you check in.
Breakfast is until 10am, check out is at 11am but you can request to check out at 12pm .
Use the gym! Seems like the hotel did not skimp on their gym and pool area budget. Clean, nice size, new equipment, and cooled well.
Tip # 1. Don't even bother. You'll get much better around the corner.
Working overnight
Got this deal through expedia.  This resort experience is so much better then some Mexican resort.  Very happy here!!
Great place to get away from the chaos of the strip. Beautiful hotel and grounds, and very pleasant staff.
Spend the extra $$ and stay at Hilton! This place is unorganized, disrespectful and not worth all the wait they make you do!
The birth year rate for second & third nights Is unbelievable
$80 cab ride from the strip! Rent a car!!!
Instead of taking a cab to the strip or airport, take the hotel shuttle to the Westin near the strip and then take a cab wherever! Much much cheaper!
Utilize the staff for special trip planning ie. Grand Canyon, Hoover dam, the strip. Everyone was more than happy to help give you trip tips!!!
Clean, comfy, nice staff, beautiful grounds. Would stay again.
Fuv
Please check your calendar and don't overbook rooms. Don't want to leave people stranded.
Help save the monkeys and water buffalo by reusing your towels. It's that simple people! Think about the monkeys will ya?
I made the reservation through the hotel site with an AAA discounted rate. Nothing has been mentioned about extra fees as stated in the reviews. I think that verified the statement that if you reserve through an outside source other fees are added.
Nice
Actually really delightful experience. Would def stay here again
Hopefully better at night
Parking here is a flat rate of 40 dollar .... Ridiculous. So if you leave your car here for 1 day your pretty much paying for an extra hotel night
Nice and clean. The only thing that is a little frustrating is the fact that you have no idea that your room actually does come with a complimentary breakfast. It's confusing because every staff member will tell you something different. It's available till 10am and it's great food. Make sure you ask about it.
Nice, spacious and clean. Too much extraneous noise from the road and pets!
A nice boutique style hotel. Kind of a softer industrial vibe. Nice rooms and very nice staff.
Fantastic customer service at Hotel Palomar.
Rooftop pool is amazing and the service at the hotel excellent.
Kimpton Karma Rewards is FREE to sign up for (as of 7/2015). Members receive free WIFI and a complimentary $10 off item from the in-room mini bar or hotel bar. Boss!
Horrible don't stay here,
just really bad. look elsewhere
Bleach and a latex suit to stay here
Horrible place!! Beyond disgusting!!! No fire alarm in room someone removed it.
attached a couple more pics...
Great facial with Anjana!! I loved everything about this place.
Do not stay here unless you live roaches
Flask!!
Avoid ordering from the in room Slice of Paradise. Worst food poisoning I've ever had. Ever. Had the spaghetti and chicken parmesan sandwich
Not connected to the link train but close enough to count!
Avoid at all cost!  This place should be shut down.  Its simply gross
Very comfy beds and courtesy staff. Would stay there again
David at the front desk is awesome. Thanks Jake for patiently shuttling us around.
Nice place with helpful staff
Nice and clean rooms staff is very friendly.
Nice
Really nice hotel. My room was free with points. Dogs cost $50. :-( Lovely breakfast#
Cheap, comfortable. You don't need a 5 stars hotel to sleep in Vegas.
I already know that I will never stay here again. It's not downtown; it's poorly located; grungy and they sent me to a room that had not been cleaned! Ew.
Beautiful hotel. Wonderful staff. Amazing views. Incredible food. Great location. I especially loved the bell hops. Such nice guys!
Beautiful hotel and amenities, food was excellent. You get, what you pay for
Back in Toronto at my favorite hotel
Grab a slice of wood fired pizza from Five50 Pizza Bar (~$5.50 p/slice) and find a seat in a comfy leather chair just around the corner.
The free shuttle was convenient.  We took the shuttle to the train station, where we then took the train to Heinz Field to watch the Steelers play!
Only good thing about this place is that it's clean.  The exercise room machines are all old and broken. Wifi is slow.
Putrid.  I would rather sleep outside under a tree.
Clean, nice hotel
Rooftop pool deck!
Check out the pool deck, worth tanning at!
Excellent staff and service, above average gym. Never stayed at airport hotels, but the convenience is nice.
Parking as of 12/2015 :   There are 25 spots out front with in/out privileges for $25/day.   Long term airport parking is $3/hr, first hr free, with a max of $13/day (24 hours from when you take the ticket) with no in/out privileges.   Sections 1a 3a 6a are directly by upper entrances to the hotel and even closer than onsite parking.
The xx01 and xx39 rooms are at opposite corners of the hotel and offer wrap around views of the airport - great for a nice sunrise or watching planes taking off and landing.   Soundproofing from outside noise is excellent with thick double walled glass.
Rooms facing the rear (parking lot) are quieter than those facing Baum Blvd.
Note: The entrance to this hotel is actually off S. Atlantic Ave, not Baum Blvd.
If you do one thing at the hard rock - go here. It's awesome.
Adam was amazing and funny had a blast on the big bus
Thank you, Ray and Amy. Very interactive, fun and funny. Must ride.
Save your money
Over priced, poor accommodations,  not very satisfying.
Make sure to redeem special at Harley Davidson stop and free drink at El Cortez (downtown).
Great gaming excellent customer service
Parking is $22 per night and valet only.
Last call high tea 430 and requires a RSVP
I hope the hotel room itself is better than the check in, which sucks.
Bad!!!!!!!  Horrible!!!!
There are no restaurants or shops nearby. Food at the hotel is not very desirable.
Live music while you gamble. LOVE IT!!!! Fun atmosphere.
Extremely long check in lines. Very slow check in people.
Thank you for your service and friendly staff.  Be back soon! :-)
Mouse ran from under my bed to under the door and into the hallway. Eek!
I LOVE this hotel!! It's beautiful, comfy, and perfectly located
The hotel needs to contact Yelp or maybe google maps and adjust their exact location. You can't check-in because the locator says the hotel is five miles away
This place is dirty, dirty. Dirty. Can't wait to check out
Discussing! Needs a lot of work.
An excellent new eatery within the lavish new hotel. Please visit if you can.
Please do not stay here!!! The girl at the front desk was extremely rude.  Absolutely terrible place to stay.  The only positive thing I can say is someone didn't break into my truck.  They need to close this place for two months and simply CLEAN!
The Quad has a great price but stops there.  On first impression, the elevators are slow, the carpet is torn up in the hallway and the walls are worn.  The room has stains on the carpet and old furniture.  Tower 5 has music from the neighboring Harrah's hotel that was extremely loud till 3 am.  The staff at The Quad was inconsiderate of their customers.  Will never stay here again.
The entire hotel has been renovated.  Take that into account when you read reviews.
Love this hotel - plus the guy that makes the Omelets in the morning it's everything
Excellent continental breakfast! Clean room, not too big but good for the price.
If you are an SPG Platinum looking for an upgrade, remember to ask for it. This property does not seem to give them out automatically based on availability like most others.
Stay somewhere else!!
Great show!
Great service, clean rooms, upgrades for Plats. Safe and great stay.
One word. Disgusting. Two words. Big mistake. Three words. Don't come here.
Big, disgusting mistake. But too tired to leave.
Way out in the middle of nowhere! 8 miles from "the strip". Just be aware of location. Great hotel.
Jazz Under the Stars is awesome.
Buffet was good! And cheap to boot. The hotel is refreshing, no old smoke-y smell and is far from the strip, about 25 minutes away.
Must stay here!! Totally affordable and FREE amazing breakfast every morning!
Be up at 7 on the dot for breakfast to avoid the rush. As a friend started, we're operating on cruise rules here.
Booked this
The staff is friendly but the location attracts hood locals, freaks and weirdos. There have been quite a few fights, hookers and trannys.
Beautiful ambience. Live dj, trendy. Stiff drinks but pricey.
Very clean. Pretty quiet. Out of concord :-/ but overall great weekend stay. Continental could use real fresh eggs.
Great service
No free public wifi for guests... Lame. Spotty wifi in hotel room
I was a little worried about staying here it was my first time but its pretty cool
Howard Johnson's is not what I expected omg. I will never stay here again.
This place is great if you want to get Hep C or a nice evening stabbing.
I'm the Duke of a crappy hotel. Wow. Thank you.
Horrible
Wrote about hotel by mistake. Have it stayed here.
Don't expect any zen like mood, the ac is super loud!
$39 resort fee as of 2/14/ 2016.
Don't stay here
Platinum status gets you in.
Bring your own shower cap because the hotel does not provide any. Also, the complimentary coffee and tea set in the room does not include green tea :(
Check out their vegetarian options at restaurant!
Loved everything about this hotel
Outstanding. OGs step your game up and wait here.
Very nice lounge. Great food. Great cocktails!
Better than the other clubs with true meal service.
Possibly one of the best lounges I've been in!
If you fly, go Amex.
The farro salad is outstanding (and I'm not a farro salad guy)
Come before midnight,  try the specialty cocktails.   The mixologist will thank you.
Don't go for breakfast before 6:30am. It isn't ready. Special Coffee machine does not work.
Good service
Everything is complimentary, but I always recommend tipping.
You can come with a gate C boarding pass. Just have to take the tram to gate D once past security
Very nice lounge. Comfortable and the bar is great.
An oasis. Better than many business lounges.  Not centrally located.
One day passes have in and out privileges. Platinum and centurion cardholders gain entry for free.
Magazines are free to take with you.  Also, take a fruit on your way out. Healthier than peanuts and pretzels!
Excellent:  AMEX created an excellent lounge and as usual excellent service.
Quite, free booze, comfy seating, only way to travel
Great food, wine and service! best airline lounge in USA!
Membership has privileges.
Anyone know the phone number to this place? Wondering if you have to have a American Express card to get in or how much is the fee to get in without card?
Great spot at LAS which is club less.
Great atmosphere. Great service.
Very nice lounge!
Great service always! I wish they had one in every airport.
The shower here can be a lifesaver!! :P
Need more types of food for my gainz.
FROM A GATES - disregard first signs for D gates as that will make you exit security.  Instead walk to C gates and then D gates and then take the tram to D.  It's not obvious for A gate passengers how to avoid exiting security.  It's nice when you land to grab some food and a drink and then head out.
You can borrow a phone charger - leave your ID at reception.
The Vesper ~ Tanqueray #10 & Vodka, et al: Will make your head spin!
Unique hotel
Ditch the main pool and go to the spa. Their main pool had old food and empty cups laying around for over 4 hours! They either need to hire more people or get new employees!
This is the ghetto. Strip club across the street, bullet hole in the bathroom window. Spend the extra cash for a better place.
Update: had a random bug run across the bed. Out of there.
Very run down. I will not be back here.
The worst experience in my life at a motel. Don't stay here!!
Never use Hotels.com as they recommend this hotel and it was a dump.
Horrible.  Dirty.  Club blasts music until 11 pm that you can hear and feel in bed.
They lost our reservation after it was already paid for on the card.
Pet friendly with lush green grass for pets to run on a leash and do"their business" poo bags are right there. No excuse to clean up their mess.
Decent room clean front desk very friendly would stay again
We love the downtown area and we were excited to hear there was a new hotel! I love the decor in the rooms and we had a great time at the Mob Bar. Love that atmosphere although if I had my way the waitresses would be in flapper girl dresses. How cute would that be?! It would totally set the speakeasy feel! Our room was clean and the bed was comfortable
2 day complimentary tickets!!!
My second time staying here, this is my new place to go in downtown las Vegas. This hotel is, in my opinion, the best place to stay in the Downtown area!
Love this hotel! Definitely coming back!
We like everything about the Downtown Grande.  Nice, clean rooms.  Good food.  Friendly dealers and staff.  Great new pool area too.  Fantastic!
Lot's of hidden fees .... nice hotel not much more to say about this place
Updating to a 2 star because they didn't charge me
I actually had ear plug waitng in my room due to the noise.very loud at night.
Friendly staff, great location and very cool Art Deco rooms. We will surely return.
Slow service. Lame. Won't be back Yeah Yeah Yeah
Remodeled, great location, and beautiful
Try the spicy Bloody Mary at the pool. It was amazing. A little pricey but amazing.  Also their prime rib special was delicious.
At the roof top pool must try a strawberry lemonade blended drink with rum...literally amazing ! Ugh ...moment of silence for that drink .....amen ...
You know it's going to be a rough night's sleep when the hotel leaves you ear plugs.
IF YOU ARE A LIGHT SLEEPER, book somewhere else.
Very friendly staff, I checked in after 10 pm and they made sure I had eaten dinner & had everything I needed. That was a really nice gesture after a long day
Easy access from the airport and major freeways in a park like setting
Nice location, but the beds are very hard against your back.
This Hotel locations ideal and it's close to a lot of restaurants
The foods and services were great! It just took a bit long to get my steak ready.
You get what you paid for. I spent one night here, room was decent, well lit, king size bed was a plus. Came with your own mini fridge too! What I didn't like: some of the paint in the bathroom starting to peel off (again, you get what you paid for), and how they charge you for a late check out (check-out is at 11 am; 15$ charge for a late check out at 2pm). I booked this room for 33$ through a third party website, then they add another 10$ fee when you check out. At least I got free wifi..
Don't.  Stay.  Here.  Period.
Don't Park Here!
Don't stay here
Worst room and service ...
Dirty room, pillows were covered in make up stains. The floor was very dirty and one of the side doors was covered in trash bags. Never again.
This place is great! Low price and they are very clean. They used to be called microtel inn  but changed 6 months ago. My favorite place to stay when I come to Vegas.
Tavo is by far as good as it gets when it comes to any help in making sure that your Vegas experience is unlike any other. Tavo'sList is professional and reliable and is a guaranteed success for any travel plans in regards to the Vegas night life and any other things concerning Vegas. Always informative and helpful. My Vegas trips would be nothing without TavosList, you just can't go wrong with it! Best host in town!
Complimentary warm cookie at check-in!  Nice touch!
Decent beer selection at the hotel with a local draft on tap. But for a much better selection there is an Irish pub across the street or a Haubrauhuse beer hall next door.  Can't beat that!
The arrival is kind if strange. You have to through the basement up to check in. They ran out of luggage carts so we had to wait 15 at valet before we could check in.  There's an awesome patio overlooking the river and bike path. You can cook out on the gas grill.
The holocaust was most hospitable
The holocaust was more hospitable
Wait till the kinks are ironed out.
Uber drivers have a hard time locating this hotel.
Great rooms. Love the bathrooms that are large with double sinks, shower separate from the large soaking tub and the water closet. Views are great of mountains and lake.  Lobby  is a little small for the number of rooms and there is only one dining room. Food is decent but nothing special.  The staff is nice but there are too few of them. The village outside is cute. Had bands Friday and Saturday night outdoors (its hot here even at night to sit out and listen. )
Relaxing oasis away from the strip.
While the property is nice, it is by no means a five star resort.  It has clearly seen it's better days.  They do not enforce no smoking policies, and service is ok.  Food was good, not great. And you are NOT close enough to just hop over to the strip... If you've never been to a resort before you may love this place.
Pool closed Casino closed
My bathroom was dirty and had a dead bug. I spend my entire evening trying to get them to clean it right. I paid $177 per room and wish I would have stayed at Best Western instead.
The closet is behind the full length mirror. It opens on the left.
Courteous helpful front desk people.  :)
wifi here is unreliable but free... unless you desperately want that, go anywhere else but here
Room smells like smoke. The duvet is stained. Beds were comfortable.
A little worn - but staff is nice.  Cheap place to stay for a night.  No bugs!
Didn't have cribs available. No lamps in room. However, the near full kitchen was a nice feature.
Cockroaches in our room. So disguising
Ew
Don't gamble here, the dealers are really rude
Please read fine print before booking for this hotel! $100 refundable deposit REQUIRED upon check-in.
$2.99 Breakast with a Player's Card (Which is FREE to get)!
Go to the Silver Sevens INSTEAD! It's CHEAPER and so much incredibly better than this!   4100 Paradise Rd, Las Vegas NV  It's located near the Hard Rock Casino.  $50/night AND super cheap food.
worst hotel ive stayed at! rooms are gross and its sketchy
Stay away from this place
A diaper upon arrival
Literally a hole
Their 2-4-1 buffet is gold. But the smell of smoke is too much
Great food! I really loved the waitress too! She got our orders out real fast!
Need to take Travelers Ln. To enter. Go by way of Midway blvd. There is no entrance from Lorain Blvd.
Hotel pulito, funzionale,  economico e posizionato a due passi dalla stazione centrale.  Ottimo per chi lavora. Stanze piccole ma funzionali e pulite.
Klein aber fein. Modernes Ambiente. Gutes Frhstck und sehr zentral gelegen.
Netter Barmann!
This place is disgusting. Don't stay here. They staff are incompetent.
If you love a fabulous cocktail and  amazing food..... Friendly\knowledgeable staff. Fantastic rooftop patio this is the place!!
Best patio in the city! Order the Diablo! It's not on the menu
It's located inside the Comfort Inn on the 2nd floor.
Get with the program and get some decent craft beer!
Pool side
Unbedingt nach einem Upgrade fuer die Junior Suite fragen!!!
Road trip. YAWN.
This park has different play areas for different age groups.
The hotel's car hire desk has some surprisingly cheap rates. If you're staying here in a group, it could be cheaper to hire a car to go into the city than taking public transport.
Hotel is very nice and the staff is very helpful.  Restaurant and pools are nice.
For extra $10 I booked the room with breakfast through hotels.com. The best $10 I ever spent..!!
As always, no issues and everything is as expected.
Do stay for the delicious Scottish breakfast!
Book your room directly through their webpage and get a 1/2 bottle of fizz
Gotta purchase toothbrushes at the shop and there is no tooth paste available in the entire hotel!
If you stay here there is a  nice grocery store 150 meters away. Rewe-City Kronenstrass 7. Walk across Zeppelin Plaza from rear entrance.Open 8am-22pm. Prices not really higher than normal despite being steps from the Konistrasse. Much cheaper than Hauptbahnhof!
Dial the front desk then find something to do for 20 minutes... At 21 minutes they will pick up.
Oliver Townsend is the best front desk employee!
The lighting off the bathroom mirror is incredible and makes selfies look ~*FlAwLeSs*~
Nice hotel and good service. No complaints except a little pricy foe what it is!
Free water with room.
Great parking
The worst hotel, it's not even a motel! The bad is dirty, Towels smells bed
Souvenirs, some basic groceries, snacks, and gifts. Right next to 49er Cafe.
Near everything that is to see in Death Valley. It is just down the street from Badwater Rd. where all the sites and hikes to do are located. There is a Chevron next door, 1.50 above regular gas price. Ouch but they have all grades. Stovepipe Wells only has regular. My car has a turbo and need premium. Had to come here for gas.
Six pack of Coord Light. $11.94
Open from 7 am to 10 pm
Kostenloses WLAN. Angenehmer Service.
Nettes Zimmer, freundlicher Service, kostenloses WLAN.
Siempre que sea posible pide que te den habitacin con vistas al ro. Adems de las preciosas vistas estas habitaciones son mucho ms tranquilas.
Very good if you're planning on taking your dog with you to Vegas! It's 10 min away from the strip and it's not a bad commute!!
The lobby is nice but our room (15th floor) was pretty dingy.
Comfort bed, great fitness infrastructure and swimming pool
Clean and comfortable room for the night, no complaints.
You can relax and see a great view of the city skyline from the patio of Fahrenheit.
Your piece of shit phone number listed is a fax line. Get your shit together
Great rooms. Great service.
Bring a change of clothes to pool, bathroom nearby to change in.
The front desk was polite and friendly upon check in.  The room (438) was enormous for a hotel room.   Unfortunately it also smells like an ashtray.    Upon trying to switch rooms, I learned the hotel is a sell out, so they quickly offered an ionizer for the room while I was out.    It's in the bedding, the leather headboard, the pillows.   I've never experienced such an overpowering stench of stale cigarettes.  The toilet is filthy, as well.  Not a place I will return to.
Horrible place!!!
Don't stay here
High elevation, will snow here but not the city
Good breakfast selection and you can order eggs any way you like - you don't have to eat the scrambled eggs at the buffet
Great entertaining area, friendly staff, I could stay here for weeks and feel like I was at home.
Wonderful! Loved this place, great service, pool, beds and breakfast.
The late evening staff is fabulous. Best customer service at a hotel in a very longtime. Ask for Michael!
Get rid of SLS and just keep Bazaar meat. Thank you. That is all.
It's near stratosphere on the east side of Las Vegas Blvd. Far from the rest of the strip.
The casino floor is small and cramped. There aren't that many table games either.
SLS stands for Shady Lousy Service! I will never stay there again.
Photos from the Luxe Tower.
Bring earplugs! Walls are thin. Woken up by baby crying next door.
If you have a food credit it applies to all in room dining from any of their restaurants.
Be sure to ask for drink coupons for their monkey bar. Free kettle one vodka mix drink . Cards look like ace of spades
Stop at the coffee shop! They give coffee in a French press. Make all the difference in the world!
Their king size bed is actually queen size. Room is tiny. Disappointed.
Love this hotel!! So girly and the staff was so friendly. Very clean rooms!
Honestly, save your money. SLS isn't worth the stay. Service is horrible & rooms are pretty small (even upgraded rooms) it's also pretty far from the strip (you'll spend around $10-$20 one way)
Very boring place but big upgrade from Sahara comp room can't complain
Rooms are small and management's unresponsive. Far from the rest of the Strip. They will give out free Ciel club tickets on the weekends though.
About to head into gamble with a few friends. Always a blast ;)
SLS Hotel in Las Vegas Gets Relief In Refinancing Deal   http://blogs.wsj.com/developments/2015/05/12/sls-hotel-in-las-vegas-gets-relief-in-refinancing-deal/
Lol at manager's response to my review. I already gave them two chances...why on earth would I give them a third? Um...duh?
Great beds.
Great hotel!! Music, food, and hospitality!! We'll be back soon!!
Run the other way a CEO not spend any money here!
GHETTO!   Don't say I didn't warn you.
Our new favorite restaurant here in Las Vegas is at SLS Northside Cafe. We had just left for dinner there and the server Christian was very helpful and gave us the best recommendation on their menus and special food for the day. Strongly recommend this place and ask for Christian if you want to have a good server!!
Not to impressed with the shuttle to the resort.
Don't stay here. Run fast towards the strip where there is customer service.
Beware...it is a ghost town here
Get yourself to another hotel
Don't stay here and if you do be prepared to cancel your card after you leave or use a prepaid debit card
Great tasting burger. Too bad I got charged a 14oz drink for an 8oz drink.
Run don't want from these folks. Staff needs retraining.  Rooms are consistently dirty. Check under sheets. Beverly Hills location need to demolition this nasty mess w/ rude staff. Never again!
Take advantage of the free shuttle service! The driver is always on time and is a very sweet man! Leave him a nice tip because he deserves it!
Don't stay here look into Excalibur this place is not worth it- don't let it ruin your trip like it did for me and my boyfriend
Don't come here expecting the Beverly Hills SLS experience.
Don't waste your time. It is NOT SLS BH in any way! SBE collaborated a great restaurant row but the vibe and energy in the hotel and casino was so bad that we couldn't enjoy our surroundings.
Lovely rooms
Don't waste your time!  Worst place for gaming in Vegas!
Nice hotel. Clean, quiet, got a great price via Priceline.
When calling for a ride from SuperShuttle (or other services) verify if they are picking you up on the Las Vegas Blvd (main entrance) or Paradise Rd side, EVEN if their confirmation email SAYS the main entrance. Otherwise, you'll be waiting at the wrong spot. :-/
When calling for a ride from SuperShuttle (or other services) verify if they are picking you up on the Las Vegas Blvd (main entrance) or Paradise Rd side, EVEN if their confirmation email SAYS the main entrance. Otherwise, you'll be waiting at the wrong spot. :-/
Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
Tip: Book another hotel.
Good service. Way over priced.
don't stay here their bedding is nasty and not clean
It's no Marriott, but it'll do.  The rooms while clean are dated.
If you're one of those drunk people that love to scream down the hallways in the middle of the night, this is a great place to stay. If you're too old for that scene, go elsewhere.
The hotel staff is very rude. Not satisfied with the service at all.
This hotel has bedbugs. Enough said! stay away!
Rude management, bed bugs, broken AC, dirty towels. Don't book here.
Free parking. I think
Staff courteous and accommodating but environment was 0% for us.  Rolled a roach off bed during 3rd night and found cricket in sink next morning.  Found roach in bathroom same morning.  Carpet caused bottoms of feet to be pitch black-years of dirt? Roach and cricket feces, maybe? Blech!
Get money. Fuck bitches.
They are closing tomorrow
Beer pong available daily at 3pm.
I love the vibe here. Virgin at craps and did awesome! They had a live band.
It's newly renovated....pretty nice!!!!!
Go outside to the Blarney Bar at the Linq and get a Frozen Baileys. You won't regret it!
Greg made things happen for locals.
Be prepared to pay $10 for a cup of coke. Bartenders are full of it.
Great nite life. Avg prices. But worth the cost so fun.
Great hotel.
Super clean, family friendly
Excellent all around. Clean, nice rooms and public spaces.  Friendly staff.
Saline pool, free drinks and food  weekdays
Didn't call me and didn't hold the room as promised.
Make reservations, especially around the end of Sturgis.
Stay Elsewhere
Don't come here, the customer service is the worst I have ever come across. They had water issues and they told me to walk to the next casino to use the bathroom, and I was staying  in their casino
Beware of this hotel. Long walk to the casino from parking lot. Had to wait 45mins to check in. there was a club outside my windows and the music didn't stop thumping til 3 am. There were stains everywhere so remember your slippers!
Despite the unreachable front desk and my 2 star rating I'd have to say housekeeping is as cordial as a 5 star hotel. They were actually a great source of information. Ask them anything and they'd probably have better answers than the front desk
If you want to gamble in Las Vegas then do not come here!!!! The dealers are extremely rude and do not make it a fun experience!!!
Warning!!  Do not, I repeat DO NOT STAY HERE!!!  It's the worst hotel I've ever stayed at. It's dirty, smelly, nasty & the staff is incompetent. Go somewhere else, anywhere else but here.
DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!! This place BLOWS!  The rooms are old and falling apart. There is no parking. The valet was a DICK!!!
If these guys offer you a job interview/audition don't bother. Its a candidate group interview. Looking for people who seem exploitable. Another terrible las vegas employer.
Not bad.  Undergoing renovations, so ignore that and you'll be ok
This place is the most ran down hotel on the strip. They charge $60 for the room for walk-ins and $20 on expedia. They were unaccomadating during checkout. No microwaves or refrigerators in the rooms.
Balcony room overlooking the strip will also be overlooking Carnival Court of Harrah's.  They party and play loud ass music. Careful if you pick this and want a quiet room, it's not going to happen.
56 minutes ago  Shahida M.   Burglary hotel! We just entered this hotel "The Quad" on November 21st in 10 mins all are expensive gadgets and my id and my parents passports and money were robbed! And im sure this is an inside job! After seeing so many burglery incidents here in the span of three months (for proof - see facebook page "The Quad casino and resort") !!PLEASE KEEP CAMERA AND RECORD ON THE DOOR WAYS!!!!! FILTHY BURGLARY HOTEL!
Oh I forgot to mention that I have never been in a casino that the slot machines were out of order or breaking down as I was playing them. I kept the lights dim in my room, afraid to see what I hoped not to see. Perfect place to film 80s scumbag movie.
You can't fail here. Location + price. Rooms are just fine.
It is kid friendly. The one place on the strip where kids can make a lot of noise.  Bring ear plugs it get very loud. Not what you would be expecteding. Great show. They also do anti bullying which is something I support.definitely go see show.
THIS PLACE SHOULD BE CLOSED FOR DEMOLITION!    worst place we've ever stayed. could not believe it is open for business. Doesn't Las Vegas have a health dept?  Broken tile in hallway, holes in walls in corridor, dirty and stained mattresses, filthy carpets, mildew dirty tubs, mold in shower walls, broken doors The health dept should definitely close it down. IT'S A DUMP, A whole new meaning to you get what you pay for, but indefinitely the savings not worth your health.
Everything sucks so nasty I think a motel 6 would of been cleaner the hall ways stunk like cigs and weed and mold got in 2 the rooms there was stains everywhere dust everywhere I had on a white shirt sat on the chair got up left a dirt Stan on it there was pubic hair on my bed I look at my gf and she was about to cry it was so bad so we went back down asked for a upgrade they said ok no problem so back at it again the 2nd room was almost the same at that point we said f**k this pack up
Customer service sucks and so does their parking!!!
This place is awesome. New set up. Awesome staff. Check it out. #awesome #casino
The Commoner the bartenders were on point, the meat board was excellent!!
Extremely helpful staff. Clean rooms, easy access to I90/I80 and tons of nearby dining.
The water slide is only open on the weekend :(
Wifi in room free
Wonderful place! I can't wait to go back!!
One of the better Worldmark properties!  And all staff here were very pleasant unlike the Windsor, CA sales woman!
Clean but dated, not a whole lot of parking, but not a bad place for $45
Clean but dated, not a whole lot of parking, but not a bad place for $45
Don't stay here! It is so cheap because it is nasty!
Great place to stay close to everything and the kids loved it
Avoid at all cost The worst ln every way!
dont stay here!!! go to the tuscany !!! The manager is small and ferocious, got upset when I called her on how dusty and unclean her place was. My issue wasn't trying to get my money back, my issue was her accusing me of "stealing" the maids cleaning spray. Furthermore, if I had known before the TUSCANY was better by all standards, this incident would not have happened. This place is LOW BUDGET ON A HIGH PEDESTAL.   AVOID!!! AVOID!!! AVOID!!!
anything good/taken care of: thank maintenance!!!!!!!!!
Beautiful hotel. More will be written shortly.
Great place to stay! Very clean!
Our waiter Moses was great.  Some of the best calamari I've ever had.
You can airport park here for $4 a night. Great deal for longer trips!
Still a lot of construction work, but it is shaping up to be a great place
This place is beautiful! Great happy hour and good music.
Eve took care of my nails and shined them like jewels. Love her
As for a second floor room in one of the newer buildings. (The older buildings are only one floor). The cleanliness, size, privacy, and light in the newer rooms is far superior.
Under "renovation". There is no sign for this location yet.
Greg was so helpful! He was in constant communication with us and had everything ready to go. It was so nice to show up at the airport and not have to worry about a shuttle or the rest of our trip, it was all planned out and made our vacation an ease!
Yum
Great place stay every time I come to town. Convienant and accessable to major hwys.
No vending machines on the floors. All snacks and sodas have to be purchased at the front desk
Alles Tip & Top.
Kche ist schwbisch-griechisch angehaucht.
Omg. The rocks, I mean pillows,  are so uncomfortable I can't sleep.
Fantastic stay! ... but don't make the mistake of trying to go to your room when the Michael Jackson show lets out. Yikes.
The pool shared with the Mandalay Bay has a wave pool. Little kids and babies can't go, but off to the side is a smaller pool for them. Still feel the waves. Our daughter loved it and played there a long time. Warning, the whole place was a madhouse. Not that she cared!
The worst experience ever stay away from this hotel
Check your bill! We had ridiculous charges added to our bill and even got charged twice on our daily room rate on certain days. BEWARE!
All rooms are suites.
Delano charges for self-parking $10 per day & $18 valet!!!!  Ridiculous
Great service..very friendly place...super clean n definitely great priced
Seen worst
Roaches , never again .
Bad serice, bad time...  checked in my lugage and they lost it.
Make arrangements prior to your arrival at hotel for your desired shuttle time.
Checked in atabout 10:30pm and met the most cheerful desk clerk. She checked us in and was very sweet. The beds were massive and sharing a bed wasn't bad at all in the 2 queen sized mattresses. Breakfast was convenient and quick.
Pet friendly!
Bring your sanitizer
The WiFi is very slow and unsecured so use at your own risk.
It was Saturday morning my weekend to work. I called to order something for breakfast and the person name "Alex" took my order and she's not so friendly at all. She slam the phone after she took my order and she did not even say thank you etc I almost got debt on the other line and just say wow! I'm just hoping that she just have a bad morning and she will have a better mood through the end of the day/:( I love yours truly food but some of the staff need to kinda change their attitude.
Find Matthew the bartender! He'll get you together w
The absolute BEST SERVICE!!!!! Lane is awesome, definitely request him!
Fun joint, I'll be back for sure.
Not worth the money! Dirty and gross.
Great place to stay! Great experience great rooms!
Keep it moving! Do not stay here!!!! Unless you like filthy rooms, box spring mattresses, and stale odors!
They have benihana, tj steak, pizza hut and starbucks inside
The hotel is under big renovation and will be a resort hotel
They have newly opened casual homemade cafe... sid cafe
It was good stay.
Cheap nice room
Slowest -Check In- I've ever experience, it took us about 45 minutes.
Busy. Checkin takes forever
Beware the time-share desk on the lobby level near the central tower elevators!
This place sucks
If you visit Vegas don't check in at the Westgate! Go elsewhere!!
Ruined my honeymoon!!!!
Phenomenal experienced!!
This place is a total joke. They are complete scam artists. Stay away...
Eddie DeDouchbag!!! F you valet douchebag...
Don't click the Go Green button on the phone even though it makes sense. They promise you a $10 food/ beverage credit when you Go Green by putting a voucher under your door. Never happened.. I called several times to find out about the missing voucher only to be told" that was the graveyard shift, I have no record of it" . I was transferred back to the main desk for another long hold and no answers. So if you decide to Go Green, do it for the goodness not the voucher.
It took us more than ONE HOUR to check in.
No water whole day, and the bathroom cannot use.
I will never return!!
Just entering the resort is chaotic.  The signs are vague and the people driving the carts aren't very courteous or helpful - they said in order to check in I NEED to valet.  I circled around twice only to discover there are only four 15 minute waiting spots for people checking in (one more additional handicap spot).  Hopefully the rest of my stay is much better than my arrival.
Didn't like the timeshare people but just say no and keep walking
Best thing is the view
Review update:  I reread my review, and it's as hilariously awful reliving it.
Hotel is dirty can see trash everywhere , our room smells cigarette, needs huge renovation.
The worst costumer service I experienced in a long time.
My tip would be stay anywhere else!
Lissie l of westgate: amazing how you only point out housekeeping and the UN- cleanliness of the room. What about the rudness and attitude problem the staff has? MANY reviews state that issue! You ALL need a recap on customer service to the fullest (MANAGERS, AND SHIFT LEADERS INCLUDED)
Definitely a convention hotel.
Some doors open only if you push the handle up!
This place is beautiful and the employees are super nice!
great hotel. will be booking again
Great hotel!! I will definitely stay there again if I'm back in Cleveland!!
Updated - I stand corrected.  The 2nd floor bar has normal bar stools.
Andrew is a pool bar pro! Can't wait for next year!
So I just got off the phone with the four points front desk. Not happy. I am a returning customer and I wanted to get a similar room as I did last time. She was not helpful. I hope Cynthia is there when I check in tonight.
Hope to get Cynthia at the front desk. She is very helpful and accommodating!
the music went from bad!!! to worse!!!!!!
Food was as bland as the hipsters behind the bar.
Churros. You can thank me later!
Great hotel nice room friendly staff good breakfast
Clean and very awesome! Definitely recommend this place.
Carpets are dirty. Old furniture and appliances
run away
Could not get a drink .... I think that says it all:(
Very nice hotel! We loved it! :)
Nice room.  Friendly staff.  Good breakfast buffet.
Review for restaurant. My tip: don't waste your money.
Rooms suck, food sucks, service sucks.. Better off at a holiday inn honestly..
Wonderful service and very nice facility.
Always super clean and friendly staff. Good stay when you're in town.
Missing your pet? These folks will send a goldfish to your room so you don't get lonely.
Join the Kimpton reward club for wifi and other perks during your stay!
Ditto what everyone else said.
Make sure you get the front row ..It's worth it
This show was so awesome & definitely Sexxy
Get the VIP, you won't regret it!!!
Fantastic!! Love the choreography and the music choices!!!
Definitely sexxy and gorgeous girls!
This was a just a wonderful experience! Will definitely go again!
Had a great time.....perfect opportunity to try new foods. Had a great time!
This was the most fantastic tour!!! A definite MOST in Vegas!!!!
Best Drury Inn I've stayed at everything is new and staff is beyond on their game!
Another amazing stay, love this place!
3 adult complementary beverages per person!
Take advantage of the shuttle for transportation while you are here...save money on the cab and just give a little tip when possible :)
Make sure to arrange your arrival shuttle at least 2 days prior
Park in the structure and take the monorail.
Like with any hotel, check the bed for bed bugs. Thankfully, my room was clean and bed bug free.
Ground to 8th floor are busy. I suggest booking a room above 10th floor.
There are no clocks here and the signs do not necessarily point you in the right direction. Las Vegas is a jungle, navigate wisely.
This place is great for families and individual tourists and travelers. The facility is very new and has state of the art equipment in every room and the gym areas and pools.
Beautiful resort. Shuttle services available. Overall very nice place to stay.
Great place for smokers, gawkers, dirty pool fans, and lovers of alcohol and gambling looking to avoid the crowds of the strip.
Not fun at all
Check in time is 11 but when I got here at 230 I was told that it might be 5 before my room was ready.  Not a great way to start out a trip. Offered to pay extra to upgrade and they still had no availability....
Pretty cool vegas style hotel in Scottsdale
Never before have I felt so inclined to rate an inn. Especially a Scottsdale Inn. But the Saguaro Inn deserves a special shout out. Well done! The remodel is so cool. The staff was exceptional! We were enjoying a staycation while some friends got married. This place met every single one of our needs. No joke. It's the best staycation I've had in along time. Well done Saguaro Inn!
Note to East-Coasters: Drink lots ad water. It's the desert after all, and you don't sweat like we're used to in high humidity. Basically, you evaporate and don't realize it. HYDRATE!
Great hotel and wonderful staff!!
The worst. Not close to being
Very nice hotel, very clean, close to everything, great customer service.
Love the efficient lay out of the rooms and the ability to store food or cook if need be.
Most filthy room I ever stay in my life.
Rogers couch is the place to be! Hot women, beer, what else can I say?
Take the stairs if you can, the elevator is slow.
Their bedding, pillows, etc are available for purchase on their website!
Don't go during Labor Day weekend unless you have extra dough to spend and want to pay double for accommodations
Amazing!
Amazing!  The suite was beautiful, beautiful views.
Booked room and had emergency an hour later and they wouldn't refund.  Nice!!!
Very clean,  friendly staff,   Great location!
Got here late around 9pm the guy had to come out from around back to let me in.  Room was small (not a problem) tv has issue with signal, bed was like a rock, and I had problems sleeping.  Pillows were small and flat.  He provides glasses and coffee mugs but no coffee.  Room was very, very quiet which was a pleasant change.  (Couldn't even hear birds chirping).
RUN as fast as you can and don't look back
Great staying!
If you stay at the hotel, you can also book massage and spa services and they'll come get you from your room! Lovely!
Fantastic boutique hotel!!!!
Great job Marriott!  Awesome rooms and location on campus!
Always a fun time.
Get back to the hotel early because parking is limited at night. But there's normally plenty of parking on the street.
The modern theming with purple accents help finish the already polished product that is the GCU hotel.
do not stay here under any circumstances
Clean and new hotel! I highly recommend if staying in the area.
Chic and modern. Super friendly staff.
The front desk can give you a parking pass for the garage when you check in. Nice!
The butcher's platter is fantastic!
The location is great. Can't think of anything else worth mentioning.   Oh, there's also a gym.
Call ahead and ask to make sure your room is ready ( and if it's summer, ask that they turn the AC on in the room before you arrive!)
Bake seabass was very delicious. Elegant design of the restaurant.
It should take Hong Kong off from its name, it is nothing close to authentic HK ChaChanTan (Cafe) style or quality.
Food was cold. Service was slow. No need for me for .me to go again.
Pineapple buns are delicious!
If you are looking for good food and value,  this is not the one.
,excellent!!!
Worst service by pool I have ever experienced.
Visit the bar (Mix masters at work...)  You get more with sugar than vinegar....which usually leads to exemplar service!  Valet is gracious, funny and awesome!  Off-season offers much more affordability. Under $200/night.
Brunch everyday until 3:00pm!
Food and dining waitstaff was excellent.
Dont sit at bar stools. You wont be able to walk for a week. Couches sure. Tables yes. Bar stools no. You'll thank me later.
No bathroom fan. Smells so bad in our room after Raymond had one of his "business meetings"   There is this hole in the wall, but no switch to turn it on.
Slow wifie
Nice rooms good service and decent breakfast...price good...airport pick up.
Near Lenny's Burgers (yum), 7-eleven, a pawn shop, thrift store, and storage.
Don't stay here
Just returned from 3 night stay. Very original lobby and checkin. Easy business center in lobby with free printer access. Rooms are modern with smart TV and music. Nice shower. A bit noisy so bring earplugs. Fun none the less...
Absolutely great!
Great hotel. Plus elemis skin care toilette trees were a bonus.
Type the address into your GPS. Navigation defaults to the older Hilton Garden Inn in Oakland that is also on Forbes Avenue.
Downer: I can hear people's conversations down the hall. Upper: The room is clean. Waffles are good. Just ask for a styrofoam plate to take your food up to your room.
Very nice hotel.  Only downside was $32 a night parking at the hotel.
Horrible customer service !
New hotel, Clean, Friendly atmosphere, Fast Service and highly recommend!
Just book elsewhere! Don't waste your money here!
Tight machines, stay away!!!
This is a very nice hotel I recommend you stay here it's clean quite and safe
Great vibes. Great food. Get the fried chicken sandwich. Trust me.
Watch out for Brian A. He's trouble.
Don't be fooled by low rates on websites. They jack you with an extra 'resort fee' that everyone has to pay. Also horrible customer service.
Going to the pool party. This one's for Johnny so he can feel cool hanging out with a bunch of douches.
Made it!
Nobu!
After eight it's formal wear on the casino lobby
Stay in the HRH tower!!!
Staying in the beautiful suites!
I love the Hard Rock in Vegas, not the pretentious hotel like the ones on the strip. My casino host Nick P is the best and sweetest!!
Pool party!
We made it!
Mr.Lucky's will hook you up with some killer deals. $7.77 steak and shrimp, with a huge pile of mashed potatoes and a sizey house salad. Just flash your backstage pass.
bring earplugs if you're a light sleeper they start playing music at the pool at 10am
Pathetic how the people who work here don't know where anything is.
Awesome place to. Stay
Place is going downhill - 777 the old school special now doesn't come with a salad.  Steak, shrimp, mashed potatoes and BROCCOLI?  Seriously - the restaurants here aren't worth the trip off the strip.
Love this place. Amazing food and a great experience!!
Worst hotel ever!!! Have stayed in almost every hotel on the strip and this place is horid! Whatever you do, do not stay here!!
Get the tower suite corner room!
All girls weekend in Vegas baby!!
Check the alarm clock! It seems to be common to be awaken at 5 or 6am because idiots got nothing better pranks to do and staff is not checking this.
The front desk staff was very courteous and attentive in answering questions about room charges
A great place. A great price for  such a nice hotel. Have stayed here 4 times. Beds are the best and staff is knowledgeable and fast. Tons of fun and a homey feeling as well.
The beds are the best and service fast and personal ; very attentive staff.
Has a good points system for gambling
Really nice pool. Beautiful rooms
If you change your salon appointment time even 30 minutes they'll charge you a fee!
Highly recommend having room service bring you the french toast. EXCELLENT
Don't stay here
This sucks
I will never stay her again.  From the front desk ma
stay as far as u can from hard rock if u plan to gamble, terrible, horrible slot payouts, i'd guess the slots are at a 90% take and 10 payback.
Told us one resort fee on check in and billed us more than quoted.
Don't forget to insert your room key in the elevator in order to press your room floor!
Clogged sink clogged bathtub.
Service Animals welcomed:)
Wednesday 2 for 1 drinks 4 to 12AM.
