201757442	 All of the staff that we had contact with were very friendly and helpful - and professional. Great location - we walked to the White House and saw the Cherry Blossom Festival.very good decoration, good breakfast and dinner and very comfortable bar.Absolutely recommended! 
201479023	 From our very first contact at check in, till the valet parking at departure, all of the staff that we had contact with were very professional and very service oriented! It has a great location - we walked to Georgetown and the Cherry Blossom Festival - lots within easy walking distance. Very tastefully decorated. Nice little touches. Very comfortable furnishings! Definitely would recommend! 
200445990	 Actually stayed in January of 2013, just before the inauguration.<br/><br/>A spotless hotel with classic stylings, Hotel Lombardy punches well above its star rating. Where other places may retain their stars on technical points, the Lombardy only loses them on same. <br/><br/>From memory, I booked myself a standard king-size room. It was generously proportioned, well laid out and very nicely appointed. It boasted a little kitchenette and small round kitchen table, pseudo walk-in closet and gleaming bathroom, the latter being of vital importance to my neurotic peace of mind. All this at a very reasonable price.<br/><br/>Can't recommend Hotel Lombardy enough, so I won't. Besides, as my DC go-to hotel, I don't want it booked out. 
200327208	 Hotel Lombardy is located in Foggy Bottom just across cross the street from The George Washington University (and Foggy Bottom metro) and just a few blocks to the White House. Great central location for getting around Washington. Its an older hotel that has been updated so its modern, clean, warm and cozy with big comfortable rooms. Not 5 star fancy but definitely a great 4 star hotel. Excellent affordable hotel (great room rates) in a very central location. My husband and I met my in-laws here for the Cherry Blossom Festival and as someone who used to live and work in DC I could not have been more pleased with this hotel. I would recommend this for anyone looking for a great central location for all DC has to offer. 
200273670	 My daughters and I had an incredibly enjoyable stay at the Hotel Lombardy this weekend. From the moment we arrived, we were warmly welcomed and made to feel at home. Our room was spacious and tastefully decorated, blending the classic with the contemporary. We slept so well in the comfortable beds that it was hard to get motivated in the morning! Fortunately, the breakfast was just what we needed to start our day. Great food with nice touches - almond french toast, crisp fruit salad, etc.<br/><br/>The location of this hotel worked really well for us. With kids, we appreciated the short walk to the Metro station as well as the abundance of restaurants/sites within walking distance. The staff answered all our questions and helped us make the most of our short time in DC.<br/><br/>If you are looking for a comfortable, unique, well-managed hotel in a GREAT location, the Hotel Lombardy will be a great place to call home. 
200266734	 We have had the best experience at this Hotel . Clean and up to date for a historic hotel. The staff at all times was courteous and helpful! The restaurants that were recommended were excellent.We would definitely go back. 
146417512	 We were supposed to stay 3 nights, arriving by train from Connecticut. But Hurricane Sandy had other ideas and we finally made it, by car, for only one night before moving on to Charleston to get on trip back on schedule. So we didn't have time to fully investigate the hotel or DC. However in our all-too-brief stay we found the hotel staff enormously friendly and helpful, the room was massive, I'm sure I didn't book a suite but we could have held a party for 50! So we were very happy bunnies.<br/>We got out to have a quick look at the monuments and something to eat before retiring for our early start next day. Slept well.<br/>When we go back to DC, this is where we will stay! 
146170455	 the hotel is located 3 blocks away from the Foggy Bottom metro stop and like 5 blocks from the White house. the location is great, the staff is really friendly and helpful, the room clean and well furnished. <br/>we had a room with view on some office building which made it a little dark during day time but also made it very quiet. <br/>the bed had the tiniest and hardest pillows ever. 
146109201	 What a cute and cozy hotel! Most importantly, it was very clean. The bathroom is all white, as are the bed linens. The room furniture seems older and more typical of a bed and breakfast type place but is very well maintained and adds to the charm. I stay over in D.C every now and then on weekend trips so have tried many area hotels and this one is a gem that is probably better located for those like me staying with small children because of the nearby pharmacy and availability of restaurants. Will definitely stay here again. 
145985180	 Fantastic Hotel, Great location, Lovely staff, VERY comfortable beds &amp; very good value. Well worth staying here. Be sure to give yourself time to enjoy the luxury of this hotel. Will be staying here again when i return to Washington. Unlike some online photos of hotels and some reviews, the reality can be quite different, but The Lombardy is even better than what you think. 
145548349	 The service, environment and restaurant/room-service food was exceptional. From check-in to check-out, I was treated like a VIP and found the experience to be exceptional. Although I was traveling on business, I would certainly return with my family and recommend this establishment to others. 
145451116	 I have had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Lombardy often as I spend lots of time in DC on business. A colleague recommended this hotel and I have NEVER been disappointed. It's a great location with caring and friendly staff. The rooms are clean and comfortable and affordable given the costs of hotels in the area. There is a great restaurant and a truly lovely bar. My only complaint is that the elevators are small...that's truly the only negative I have! 
8224054	 I stayed at this &quot;boutique&quot; hotel for 4 nights in July. I was in DC for both business and a mini-vacation. Overall I would not stay here again. <br/><br/>Pros: close to a lot of tourist attractions (walking distance to the mall, Georgetown, etc.), very nice doormen, several restaurants nearby, and the bed was VERY comfortable. If the bed hadn't been as good as it was (nice linens, high quality matress, 6 pillows, down comforter) I would have rated it 1 star. The bed made up for a lot of other shortcommings.<br/><br/>Cons: maid service very inconsistent -- didn't restock supplies, didn't provide conditioner or shower gel (only shampoo and lotion), flimsy towels, could hear neighbors (walls were very thin so heard the slamming of doors), elevator is run by a person so had to sometimes wait up to 5 minutes for the elevators (which are very small), charge for 800 number calls, my bill was wrong at the end of my stay and they charged me incorrectly, the bathroom was very old and didn't feel clean, the dresser drawers kept falling out when opened, no internet access (luckily I had my verizon wireless card), construction next door started at 7am every weekday and was loud, the garbage truck woke me up at 5am on Friday as it picked up trash from the alley, phone didn't work well -- it kept disconnecting me, extremely small lobby so no place for a business meeting, restaurant/lounge was only fair.<br/> 
8212521	 We did not have any of the problems that some of the reviewers experienced. We never had to wait too long for the elevator, which they even let my son operate! Our a/c worked very well and the staff was extraordinarily courteous. There were tons of restaurants in the area and it was near the subway, which was quite easy to navigate.<br/> 
8183269	 We stayed at Hotel Lombardy for two nights June 30th and july 1st. <br/>We couldn't of asked for a better hotel. We stayed in a King room. It was my husband, myself and our two children (3 and2).<br/>The staff at the hotel were wonderful and always very helpful!<br/>Can't say enough about our stay... we will definitly return!<br/> 
8097495	 Just got back from the Hotel Lombardy. I was concerned by some of the reviews on this site, but there was no reason for that. This is a hotel with considerable charm, and we found it wonderful, with attentive and helpful staff. The Lombardy is iconic in the sense that it has tradition and character so, on that basis, I can understand that those who are used to staying at stark, modern, minimalist establishments might be put off, but the Lombardy is a hotel in the true old-world sense of the word - and if you like that sort of experience, you will absolutely love this place. We highly recommend it.<br/> 
8031637	 Years ago we stayed at Hotel Lombardy several times and it hasn't changed. Yes, it's an older hotel; the elevator is &quot;quaint&quot; but the property is maintained and the staff is generally courteous and helpful. The rooms are very clean, the beds comfortable and AC works - and we were there in very hot, humid weather!!! It has a little pub and restaurant, though we did not dine there. There are a couple of decent restaurants in the neighborhood.<br/><br/>It's near George Washington University. We like the location, only several blocks to Potomac Park and the west end of the Mall where the impressive memorials are located (except for the hideous WWII memorial).<br/><br/>The young, inexperienced manager did change our front room, after some quibbling, to one further &quot;inside&quot; the hotel. I always request a quiet room and the sirens on the intersection of <br/>I St., Pennsylvania Ave. and 21 St. were intolerable. He tried to dissuade me by saying that this front room was a &quot;view room&quot; !<br/>Of the intersection!? Anyway, yes, I would stay there again, sans view!<br/> 
8015426	 This hotel is a very nice hotel outside and in, but it does not sell itself. The service was horrid. When ever we asked recomendations on places to eat, they would say there was nothing close and to eat at their restaurant down stairs.Later in aour trip we noticed a TGI Fridays kitty corner to the right and a Johnny Rockets to the left. Why they did not tell us this is beyond me. One night we asked for pizza delivery info and they said they would send up a flyer, twice. That flyer never came. When asked where a McDonalds was for breakfast, they gave us wrong directions. We waited one evening around dinner time for the elevator (it is run manually) for 20 minutes! It wasn't due to being too busy. One of the bell hops went up 2 times to get the elevator guy and the bell hop ended up going up and bringing the elevator down himself. Our last evening there I asked to see about arranging a taxi for the next morning and the girl at the desk took all the info down and told me it would be all set when we came down the next morning at 4:00 am. I had a weird feeling, so I called down to see if our taxi was ready. The guy working did not know anything about what I was asking and when I told him she took notes he said &quot;Oh yes, here it is. But I couldn't arrange the taxi due to no destination was put down. (not true)&quot; Again, why he did not call up and ask is beyond me. When I checked out, I expressed all my frustration w/ our stay and he let it go in and out. I will never stay at this hotel again.<br/> 
207345271	 A classy place combining European style with American generosity and flexibility.Well equipped rooms,with an &quot;unhotel&quot; ambience and the highlight was the Cafe Lombardy restaurant,with excellent cuisine,and&quot;presided&quot; over by Head Waiter Mohammed Wyne,who took meticulous care of his patrons with serene professionalism. 
207170361	 Our first visit to DC and we couldn't be more pleased :) The room (302) was spacious and we had a view of the the street (Pennsylvania). Besides the dresser and table/desk, there is a sitting room and kitchenette and the king size bed was THE most comfortable I have ever slept in! The staff was polite and helpful, and the doormen were professional. We only ate there once (room service) and it was delicious and not over-priced. Definitely not a chain-hotel. We weren't looking for one with a pool, and we didn't need the gym - we logged a LOT of walking. There is a Metro stop just steps away (cost is $1.80 to get to the Capitol and they run every 20 minutes), and the cab from Union Station was reasonably priced also ($15, including tip). Our bed would be turned down in the evening, and 2 bottles of water (complimentary) were left on the table nightly. We also received copies of the Washington Post, and the use of a Hotel Lombardy robe during our stay. There is a tray with treats on the sitting room table (candy, wine) and pop, juice, &amp; wine in the refrigerator (at a cost, of course), but there is also a CVS down the street. The toiletries provided are from Bath &amp; Body and smell wonderful. Good size TV for when you come back at night and collapse. We didn't go to the lounge. You do need to call the front desk for ice.Would DEFINITELY stay there again! 
206964912	 This is at least the third time we have stayed here. The staff, who appears to have little turnover, are thoughtful, friendly, helpful and cheerful. It seems to be a nice place to work as well as a great place to stay. It's small, well located , and comfortable 
206883578	 Hotel Lombardy is well-situated in DC, convenient to public transportation and close to &quot;the sights.&quot; It's an old building and, though there's a certain elegance, it could use a thorough dusting up. The rooms in front offer a nice view, though street noise might be an issue on the lower floors. The rooms are small and the bathrooms are far from luxurious (for the price, there should be magnifying mirrors!), but it's clean and the bed was comfortable. The Lombardy's distinction is in its staff, from front desk all the way around. Nathan, who tends bar in the cozy lounge, is a terrific mixologist, a fountain of information about where to eat, and a skilled people-person. Every gentleman who opened the door was charming and helpful. I would definitely return! 
206830657	 Very nice rooms, and polite, professional staff. Hallways and elevator are tight (old building). Beds were very comfortable. Ceiling fan was nice to have. Our room had a kitchenette &amp; dining area that was separate from the sleeping area. Strange that there was a window (frosted) in the shower, but it didn't bother us. Less than 10 min walking distance from the White House. Would definitely stay there again. 
206655746	 The best thing about the Lombardy is their staff. They are so helpful and welcoming that it makes the stay a very pleasant one. I also love the lounge area which is cozy and warm.The beds are comfortable and the views are great but the rooms could use a little sprucing up. <br/>The furniture is a bit worn, the bathrooms terribly dated and my tv didn't work. But it is still my favorite hotel in DC; I wouldn't think of staying anywhere else. 
3531894	 The only decent thing about this hotel was the people working there.<br/> 
140365083	 We stayed at this hotel while on a trip with the in-laws from England and we were not disappointed. We were put off by only one thing-the check in process. The woman at the front desk was not friendly and didn't seem to have the time to answer any questions. But we were blown away by the beauty and uniqueness of the hotel! We loved how comfortable the bed was and the shower was amazing. It was a bit expensive but booking on a travel website helped. It made for a great stay in DC! 
140006912	 Hotel Lombardy in DC was excellent! It was clean, the staff were amazing. They took care of every detail imaginable. Being located accross the steer from the George Washington University was very convienent as I was attending a seminar there. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone wanting to be taken care of in style. 
139926342	 If not the cleanest, most comfortable, most hospitable hotel/inn I've ever stayed at, Hotel Lombardy is without doubt in the top two. The front desk and bell staff displayed noteworthy eagerness to please. The bed was so very comfortable.The room was spotless. But my oh my it was expensive after adding on parking and all the taxes. Only complaint about the room itself was the bath and kitchen areas were not air conditioned and thus were very warm. 
139745645	 My husband and I recently spent the weekend at the hotel lombardy and had a great experience. We booked online and got an excellent rate, and we also shared this info with friends who ended up booking there. The front desk staff and bellmen were very helpful and friendly, the room and amenities were quite a bit above what I expected at that price point and the location was fantastic. Three blocks to white house, nice safe area and walking distance to Georgetown. We had breakfast at the small elegent restaurant in the lobby which was very good. We ended up extending our stay for one night with no problem and even lower rate and our friends who also stayed here loved it too. The bed was very comfortable and bathroom very clean. The unique decorative touches were neat and loved the valet parking. This place seemed like a hidden gem. Would definitely stay here again. 
139700824	 Hotel room very good on level 5, like a mini suite. Bed huge and very comfortable. Good facilities in room. Look out for extra charges put on meal bills. Breakfast expensive for what you get. Room service burger fantastic and best hot chocolate. Be aware because older hotel shower in bath so not a lot of room. Good location. Close to local bus service. Front desk staff not that helpful to tourists. Not a lot of information for tourists. Good air conditioning. Two lifts,one very small one normal. 
139566419	 Hotel Lombardy is a very quaint and clean boutique hotel located in the heart of DC. Near three subway stations and a short distance from the National Mall, the hotel hosts a historic feel that brings to life the essence of colonial America. Late night ethnic diners and grocery stores are located nearby, so there is never a need to search hard for nearby eateries. The hotel offers free wifi and an ample gym in the basement. For a clean and comfortable hotel, Lombardy comes highly recommended. 
169690273	 I was not impressed. On the positive side, the location is great and it has a classic, quaint look and feel. My bathroom was huge, but my room was small (read &quot;cramped&quot;). I would have preferred a smaller bathroom and a larger living area. Moreover, two bad experiences marred my stay. One was that the bathroom had recently been renovated -- normally a good thing, except that the overwhelming new paint smell gave me a headache. Second, there was a loud party on the patio below that went on until 10 p.m. I asked for a new room, but the hotel was booked solid and none was available. The only thing they were able to do for me was give me a ticket for a free breakfast. 
169280389	 This hotel is the best bang for the buck in D.C. The staff is efficient, capable, and professional. The rooms are well appointed, though small. The bathrooms are spotlessly clean and spacious (there's even a dressing table). The free WiFi is sufficient for email and internet searches.<br/>The hotel's location is perfect for tourism. The Farragut West Metro station is only three blocks down Pennsylvania and the bus has a stop just outside the hotel entrance. For hardy hikers, the White House,The Mall, and the monuments are all within walking distance.<br/>If you find $15 for the hotel breakfast a tad steep (I did), step across the street to Perfect Pita for a great $3 sandwich (the coffee is terrific,too).<br/>If you find $36 per day plus tax a tad steep for valet parking (I did), then do a little Googling and book a spot in one of the several long term garages nearby.<br/>Again, Lombardy is a charming hotel and a real bargain! I'll certainly stay there again during my next trip to D.C. 
169215076	 Hotel Lombardy is a DC classic. Located two blocks from my favorite restaurant, the Lombardy is close to almost everything. The French bar located on the first floor was great for private, intimate conversations. The amenities of the hotel were great. Staff were pleasant and acknowledged my Man's special day. A birthday to remember for years to come. 
168932095	 Our trip was last minute and we lucked into the Hotel Lombardy on hotels.com. The hotel is well located to get to the White House and the nearby office buildings on H and I Streets, where I had business. It was fun walking with my Caribou coffee past the White House on my way to my morning meeting. The rooms are not extravagant but no complaints. The staff is welcoming and helpful. 
168697703	 We were in Washington for four days and were staying at the Lombardy.It is a very nice hotel.The rooms are big, well decorated with a little oriental touch and very clean.Also we had a very good service from all the staff.A service man came promptly one night to changethe light bulb.The venetian bar is very relaxing after a day of sight seeing.The subway station is at two blocks, the White house at four, so the location is wonderful. And above all that the quality price ratio is very good. We highly recommand this hotel. 
168239914	 Spent 6 nights at this lovely hotel 4 blocks from the the White House. The hotel is located on the west side of town about 3 blocks from any of three different Metrorail stations. The 11 floor hotel is very clean with an unobtrusive yet helpful staff. Our room 1005 was a suite type with a king bed and a small kitchenette. Well decorated with a very white and sunny bathroom. Staff provided us with two bottles of water each day which was welcome on the hot days of July. The style of this hotel is very classic European style with outside brass doors and beautiful landscaping in the . front. 
7375669	 We didn't even have a chance to stay at this hotel. We tried to book it via the internet. A reservation agent by the name of Russell Wiggins contacted us via email to get our credit card details. We supplied it but never got back a response. We contacted him many times after that to get a confirmation number for the reservation but still no response. Eventually, we got fed up and booked somewhere else. I emailed to him and said that &quot; I wasn't sure if the room had been reserved but could you please cancel it&quot;. Immediately I got an email back with one sentence :&quot;We did not reserve a room for you.&quot; . There were no appologies whatsoever. We had wasted our time waiting for a reply when we could have booked elsewhere ages ago.<br/> 
7238284	 Wife and I stayed for a week and although we found the location to be convenient to the Metro, Georgetown, and most of the sites, we were mixed about the rest of the hotel. My wife was attracted to the hotel based on the style of the building and reviews she read. We didn't have a problem with the elevator as some, but we found the maid service to be completely inconsistent. Turn down one night and none the next. Face towels and soap one day, none the next. Bed was a little uncomfortable for us and the street noise was loud enough to wake us several times a night, maybe 3 nights out of our 7. This really didn't happen until half way through our stay so we didn't bother changing. The room we had (9th floor) was on the smallish side. There was no in-room safe as we would have liked to have had since we had our laptop for the free wired internet, which came in very handy.<br/><br/>On the plus side, we had a nice experience with one of the hotel desk clerks. Very helpful in pointing out areas of DC to visit that were off the &quot;tourist track&quot; and even phoned his girlfriend to help us find her favorite sushi restaurant, which happened to be just down the street. We also had a good experience with ordering dessert via room service. Although we didn't try the hotel restaurant, if the desserts were any indication of the food being served, it would have been a nice place to eat. <br/><br/>If we're to visit again, we'd probably opt to try somewhere else.<br/> 
6916654	 Highly recommend Hotel Lombardy! The price is good, service was great, bed was very comfortable. If we go back and stay at the Lombardy I will request a room away from the street.<br/> 
6840879	 The Hotel Lombardy is a very nice affordable hotel. The staff is great, the room was amazing. It was in walking distance to everything we needed. The only problem was the elevator. I think there was only 1 working and it took forever. We had to walk up a few times. Good thing we were on the third floor.<br/> 
6641946	 I booked my stay at Hotel Lombardy with full consideration that so many reviewers here were less than pleased with their experiences. I was warned of everything from ambivalent desk service to filthy rooms, but found the very opposite. During my brief stay (Room 204), the desk service were cheerful, helpful and warm, and the accomodations were splendid. <br/><br/>Room 204 (ask for it!) was more a suite than a room. The door to the room entered into a short hall, wherefrom several rooms branched. The bathroom shimmered. The bedroom, rather large, boasted of a King bed, large walk-in closet, and television, and offered an interesting view of the modern offices adjacent to the building. The living room featured a large sofa and chair, television, glass-topped desk at the front window overlooking Pennsylvania Ave, and provided enough space for a group of 8 people (we were only 2) to spread out and find comfort. Off the living room was a large kitchen and dining area with its own view onto the street.<br/><br/>I expected far less than what I walked into, causing me to believe there may be a great discrepency between the kinds of rooms that are available at this hotel. I don't know how else to account for the several negative reviews on this site. I mean, sure, there were a few stains on the carpet in the living area, but when surrounded by so much space, the cleanliness of the bathroom, the wonderful view of Pennsylvania Avenue, and the convenience to just about everything you will want to see, who cares? Such small blemishes are easy to overlook here. Unless of course you are easily hung up on that sort of thing. And if you are, why not just stay home?<br/><br/>I highly recommend Hotel Lombardy. But to be safe, ask for a room on the 2nd floor; 204 specifically. I'll be staying there on my next trip.<br/> 
6549760	 I was in DC for job interviews during the xmas break. I spent four nights in the hotel lombary and found it to be a very nice place to stay. It's nice and clean, and the staff are friendly. It's in a nice part of downtown DC (about a 3 block walk to the white house), and it's close to several metro stations. The room came with cable tv and an internet connection (if you have a laptop) which is nice. The room was very large and comfortable. <br/><br/>I got a special rate on expedia (I paid a bit more than half of the normal nightly rate), so that made my stay even a bit nicer!<br/> 
228628995	 Stayed here using credit card points. Worked out perfectly! Walkable to everything. A block from the metro. Very safe, clean, trendy. Thought a &quot;boutique hotel&quot; meant tiny, but they made great use of space. Since my husband is 6&quot;4', this was a slight concern. The bed was very comfortable, and the shower big and tall. Very nice. I would stay here again. 
228130517	 My mom, my 4 month old son and I stayed at the Hotel Lombardy from 8/10/14-8/13/14 for an orientation I had at school. They more than accommodated every one of our needs without hesitation! The staff are so nice! There are stairs from the lobby to the elevator and the doormen helped us carry the stroller (with our son and everything that goes along with a baby) up and down the stairs who knows how many times and were happy to do it every time! The hotel and room were very clean. The hotel even upgraded (free of charge) our room to make sure we had a refrigerator to store milk for baby. They also provided us a crib. The kitchen area was the perfect size for the crib and gave us plenty of room to still eat at the table and use the kitchen. The refrigerator is a small (like in most hotels) but was a nice size for what we needed and actually had a freezer compartment that kept things frozen. A coffee maker and coffee &amp; teas were provided for free. There wasn’t a microwave in the room but the staff was happy to let us use one at the front desk. The room was a very comfortable size with 2 queen beds, an area with a vanity &amp; closet next to the bathroom. There was also a nice entry way into the room where we could leave the stroller and it wouldn’t get in the way. It is a historic hotel, so it’s not modern/contemporary like you might get at a brand new Marriot, etc. but it is up to date with new renovations. The hotel was quiet and we didn’t hear other guests in their rooms or the hallway. Again, I cannot express enough how great the staff was!! We think the Hotel Lombardy is a darling boutique hotel and will be staying there in the future!! 
227947956	 My husband and I stayed at this lovely historic hotel for several nights while sightseeing in the DC area. The room was lovely, the bar was lively and it was very convenient to the major tourist attractions. The staff were friendly and helpful, Henry was notable at the front desk. We would stay here again! 
227442555	 You can't go wrong with this hotel and it's reasonable cost. The service was wonderful, and the housekeeping staff was fantastic. We had a king room but it was more a suite. There was a separate small room with a curtain at the entrance as a small kitchen with a table and chairs, small refrigerator, sink and a Cuisinart coffee maker. then there was another small room with a closet and makeup table right outside the bathroom. I could get up in the AM and sit and have coffee in the kitchen area before my husband woke up and not bother him. Every evening when we came back, the curtains in the room had been drawn shut for us by the housekeeping staff. We plan to go back to DC at some point and will stay here again. This hotel is very close to most sightseeing spots. we took cabs to places rather than rent a car but because it was close to things, most cab rides were in the $10 range and not too expensive. This historic hotel is well worth a stay. 
226416009	 Just returned from a Labor Day Weekend spent at this iconic property, which is next to the former home of President James Monroe. Our accommodations were very comfortable and we loved the many pillows on our king bed. We had a view of the top of the Washington Monument and found our location to be central to great sightseeing by foot in either direction we went. This is our second visit to the lovely property, but it won't be our last. Lots of dining choices as well in the hotel and nearby. 
226124956	 Very cool heritage hotel in great location to visit DC. We loved the city and highly recommend this hotel for price and location to access all the points of interest.<br/><br/>Pros:<br/>- location, location, location (near Metro station- Farragut West)<br/>- cost (very affordable) we paid $107 a night during long weekend. Can't beat that in a destination City.<br/>- great staff (door and bell staff especially). They can get you a taxi (lickety split). <br/>- lots of eating options in area (check out Whole Foods for food and alcohol options). Also across the road from TGIF and nicer eateries.<br/>- our room (1105) had a Kung bed, a little eating/kitchen area with fridge, hot plate and separate room with nice sitting area<br/>- courtesy water each day<br/>- usable fridge, coffee pot<br/>- windows that open (no one can crawl in)<br/>- satellite tv (with the usual nothing options)<br/>- safe &amp; wifi<br/>- comfy bed with nice white bedding<br/>- nice old hotel with antique furnishings<br/>- clean<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>- although hotel hosts happy hour, off hours are ridiculously priced (thus very few customers go there for a drink), Go to Whole Foods to pick up your own cost-effective drinks and snacks. <br/>- eating/kitchen area in room had no anything (no t-towel, cutlery, plates, ice tray, pots) - nope nothing.<br/>- breakfast on the high side - can't comment, went elsewhere<br/>- Mini Bar (drinks and snacks) are an expensive waste of time. If you want people to buy them then make them affordable.<br/>- pillows way way too thick - a neck killer 
141038048	 We stayed here during a visit to GW. The service was great and the rooms are pretty nice. The bed was so comfortable, but the pillows were overstuffed. It's kind of a silly thing to comment on, but I noticed that people in other posts had thought the same thing. The rooms have very cool, old doors, but it can be kind of loud if there are people in the hall outside your room. Despite these few detractors, the hotel was great. IT IS BEYOND CONVENIENT IF YOU'RE VISITING GW! So close to a big metro station and there's a Whole Foods right around the corner. 
140955330	 Hotel Lombardy is a well maintained older hotel with fine service. Just spent two nights in DC for business and enjoyed my stay there. The hotel has been remodeled with an eye toward retaining character and uniqueness. Many things about the hotel are European in style including a small elevator. The hotel is well located, close to GWU and many downtown DC sites. 
140833886	 Charming boutique hotel in a good location that is close to the White House. Staff could not be more helpful. The hotel was pristine with big comfortable bed and beautiful bedding. Delicious breakfasts, especially the almond french toast. I will definitely stay there again. 
140705106	 The hotel is splendid, the staff are courteous, and the location very convenient. The European flavor was a welcome relief from the dry-wall enclaves so predominant in modern accommodations. The proximity to George Washington University provided easy access to a wealth of services (shops, restaurants). A fifteen-minutes stroll down to Constitution Avenue at 21st Street gave one ample time to enjoy the Mall near the Lincoln Memorial.<br/><br/>I look forward to staying again on my next visit to DC. 
140492337	 Just stayed at Hotel Lombardy and it was a wonderful experience. The bellman Ramone was fantastic - made you feel like you were family coming to visit. The food for room service was outstanding. It is a unique hotel with lots of charm and is in a wonderful location. I would certainly come back. 
140461351	 Stayed here for a week in early June and chose this hotel because of the location near the George Washington University. The location turned out to be great: diners and grocery stores nearby, walking distance to the White House, Georgetown etc. My room in the 10th floor had no view but it was beautiful, spacious, quiet and spotless, the bed was very comfortable and there were plenty of pillows. It was nice to have complimentary morning paper and free wifi. On the minus side, the shower was in bath and the water pressure could have been better (but I loved the little dressing area adjacent to the bathroom). There were only two lifts and one was extremely small so had to wait little in the morning. Front desk staff was not welcoming - almost rude - but the bell boys were very friendly and helpful. All in all I had a very pleasant stay and would recommend this hotel. 
80352151	 We stayed at this hotel for over a week. There was a kind of European feel to the place.There was only one (very small) working elevator, but we were on the third floor so used the stairs. The staff was friendly, the location was great, and the bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've slept on. Our view was of an adjacent office building, but I've had worse in NYC at twice the price. We booked through an online travel service (Orbitz) and got a great package. The restaurant was nice the one night we ate there. GWU is across the street, and there are many other restaurants in walking distance - including the Georgetown area. Sometimes the housekeeper left free bottled water in the room - sometimes they did not. Ditto for a newspaper. Some days yes, some no. The free high-speed Internet service was great. Overall, I'd stay there again. 
80210067	 We thoroughly enjoyed our 3 night stay at the Hotel Lombardy. Our room was beautiful with fantastic historic detailing. We were greeted with first class service by the gentleman working the front door who quickly whisked our luggage up the stairs and up to our room so we didn't have to squeeze in the tiny elevator with our bags. Our room was mostly updated with a big flatscreen TV and luxurious bed linens. The towels need some attention as twice we had bath towels with the stitching coming undone. Our room was spotless and clean and made up timely every day. We were able to easily walk to our choice of 3 Metro stations which were in a 4-6 block range. Our one complaint was trying to regulate the water temperature in the shower. The water would inexplicably change to scalding hot or ice cold, probably due to the age of the building and its pipes. We did not dine at the hotel. We found a great deal on this hotel through hotels.com and would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a nice place to stay in DC close to the Metro line. 
79851161	 Excellent hotel, room was lovely two bottle of water left in the room on the first night which was a nice touch - Good location only three blocks from the White House, good restaurants nearby, the Hop on Hop off bus stops outside the hotel. Read the reviews about the elevators they were working on them whilst we were there (although we never heard or saw anything) so only one elevator was working but it didn't cause us any problems maybe a little wait but we were on holiday and were chilled 
79433421	 We reviewed many hotels before selecting this one and our only wish was we could have stayed longer! Based on a previous reviewer, we booked through the hotel - in the event we had to cancel - and got a better rate than online travel sites, the bathroom had double doors and was exceptionally clean with B &amp; B products, the room not only had a small entrance like you were entering an apartment, it had a closet and the king sized bed was firm and had nice linens. We loved the charm and personally, I thought the 36&quot; or 40&quot; flat screen tv was excessive! The hotel is easy to get to from the Key Bridge, we found underground parking directly across PENN Avenue for $20/day (entrance on 20th street) and Founding Farmers (reservations needed) is across the street on the corner of 20th and PENN Ave. Yes, our room did look directly into an office bilding but it was the weekend so that wasn't an issue. The windows were dressed with nice wooden plantation blindes so you could close them for daytime privacy. The hotel was quiet and I suspect the location at night was quiet as well (stayed in due to illness) but in DC public transportation is plentiful. Starbucks was closed on Sunday so we walked to Bruegger's, 2101 L street (behind hotel) for coffee and inexpensive breakfast - good bagels. Didn't eat or drink in onsite restaurant this trip. 
78967430	 This was my first trip to DC, and after reading reviews for Lombardy my friends and I decided to book our stay. We were not disspointed. The rates were great Service excellent. Room was spacious. The staff was all friendly and helpful. When a fuse was blown a service man was up in no time to fix it. Will definitely reccomend this hotel to others planning a trip to DC. The only negative was the size of the elevator, very small but we already knew that from previous reviews. overall great hotel! 
78958868	 I travelled with my girlfriend and my best friend and his wife on Labor Day Weekend. Reception was very friendly and helpful, we booked a king room through hotel and proceeded to our room and it was 2 queens. We went to reception and immediately both parties were upgraded to a one bedroom suite for our 3 night stay. Location is excellent and all sightseeing is a walk or metro ride away. Restaurants in the direct vicinity are a good mix of thai, chinese and pub foods, and the Founding Farmers Restaurant is a must! Bring your computer to use the hotel's free internet access to review the things you want to do and eat. Overall, wonderful stay and would highly recommend! 
179959738	 My family had the most enjoyable experience in this charming hotel. We loved the friendliness of the staff, the view from our room, the complimentary shoe shine service, the gym and the convenient location. It was refreshing to walk everywhere and not worry about where to park our vehicle since the Lombardy provides valet service. This Hotel is Washington, D.C.'s best kept secret. Whenever we happen to be in the DC area we will always stay at this quaint hotel. 
179752830	 Lombardy is a lovely old hotel, beautifully kept and exceptionally clean.<br/>We loved our stay here, we could walk to everything, several nice restaurants nearby.<br/>We couldn't fault this hotel at all, loved the old worlds feel and beautiful<br/>furniture in the room. 
179704664	 I stayed for two nights whilst I was transitting from Washington to Atlanta and fully agree with the recent comments about its location. It's a short walk i.e. less than 10mins from Foggy-Bottom and no problems finding it. The hotel was small by US standards, the rooms was very comfortable. We found all the staff were friendly and the food was very good, we had dinner and breakfast both very enjoyable, good quality and reasonably priced. I would recommend a room on the upper floors due to the aircon units outside of the building. I would recommend eating at The Elephant &amp; Castle great atmosphere and the Founding Farmers for the best eggs benedicts! I would look this hotel up again if I'm in the area. 
179694728	 My husband and I arrived DC Oct 1 to participate in a Viet Nam Navy reunion. We wanted to stay at the Army Navy Hotel but they were booked so we chose this hotel due to proximity of the other. When we arrived Lombardy we asked to cancel our reservation so we could stay with our group at the Army Navy Hotel which all of a sudden had a room. The girl at the Hotel Lombardy desk said she'd gladly let me cancel but because I'd booked thru Expedia, I had to call Expedia, which I did. Expedia was willing to cancel the reservation with Lombardy's approval. In the meantime, with Washington DC being shut down (my husband and his group ---all Viet Nam vets had purposely chosen DC to explore and enjoy military history) the rest of the group didn't come in because the scheduled events now had no availability due to the shut down. I asked to see the Hotel Lombardy manager and asked please to cancel the reservation due to the shut down of events so we could go home and he wanted an itinerary of our planned events so he could check and make sure what I was saying was true. My husband is a Viet Nam VET, DC is a total non-functioning city and nightmare now and I have to PROVE we had plans to go to the the Smithsonian? I was appalled and will most certainly go to the CEO of the Lombardy. Regardless, with a government shut-down they were not willing to make exceptions to their polices. We were forced to stay one night and could cancel the second because we were within the &quot;required&quot; 24 hr limit. Another note: the rooms were OLD and small. Couldn't open the drapes because the offices next door could see in. No make up mirror. The a/c so loud we couldn't sleep but it was too warm to turn it off. One bath towel each. Bottom line - go somewhere else- there are too many other places that WANT rather than DEMAND your business, Shame on You Hotel Lombardy. 
179615942	 Hotel Lombardy has become our go to hotel for trips to D.C. The staff is very friendly, the rooms are really well appointed with very comfortable beds, and the location in Foggy Bottom is convenient to 2 different Metro stops but also an easy walk to Georgetown, George Washington University and sites like the White House. 
179512221	 We stayed here for 3 nights - the first hotel of our American holiday. <br/><br/>The best bits:-<br/>Very comfy beds and pillows<br/>Friendly staff<br/>Very reasonably priced for a city location<br/>Walking distance to White House/Lincoln Memorial - a bit further to Smithsonian museums<br/>Close to metro <br/>Quiet nights sleep<br/><br/>The not so good bits :-<br/>Corridors a bit dark <br/>Surrounding area very quiet over weekend - limited choice of restaurants (we didn't try the hotel's restaurant but it looked very nice- although a bit pricy) 
151970576	 We booked a double room at a discounted advanced rate and were upgraded to a suite. Needless to say, the value we got was exceptional.<br/><br/>We found the hotel to be well-located, a five-minute walk away from the Foggy Bottom subway station.<br/><br/>The hotel gives a general feeling of old charm, rather than modernity. However, we found it to be very well maintained and we did not get the &quot;tired&quot; feeling previous posters have commented on. The suite was large and very comfortable. The bathroom is nice in a classic way, everything was spotlessly clean. A few downsides: shower pressure isn't great and the airco compressor kicking in and out throughout the night to maintain room temperature can be a tad noisy. Our suite faced Pennsylvannia Avenue, which keeps busy at all times, including with sirens, so I would advise earplugs if you're a light sleeper (or requesting a room facing the back).<br/><br/>Few interactions with staff, door staff were very kind, reception staff a bit less so (not really unpleasant either, just a bit cold).<br/><br/>Overall very satisfied with our stay. 
151787704	 In the middle of the Foggy Bottom district of DC is this unassuming hotel that really shocks you as to how nice people can be. And sometimes- as it is here- it's real. The employees at this hotel really make-it-right by going out of their way. Rooms are a little tired. Hallways a bit noisy. But otherwise a very enjoyable stay 
151748605	 We travel to DC probably 2x per year and other than the Mayflower have never found a hotel that we would really stay in a second time. But now we have. We came for the Inauguration and found the hotel while searching for a great location, nice amenities and price point that we could live with. The staff was wonderful, our room was wonderful and the location could not be beat - great access to both the Red and Orange/Blue Metro lines, walking distance to Georgetown and Dupont Circle - what's not to like! Food was terrific, the bar was cozy with a very personable bartender. We were there for five days and loved every minute of it. 
151389518	 We stayed here over New Year's Eve and enjoyed it. The rooms were decorated very nicely though I would have liked it if the bathroom was a little nicer (very basic) but it was very clean and had a lot of counter space. The bed was comfortable and the room was surprisingly quiet, especially since it was facing the street and there was a large/loud group of people staying on our floor but we could only hear them in the hallway and were glad that we couldn't hear them from inside the room. We were able to snag a parking spot right out front which saved us a significant amount for parking, not sure we would have been happy having to valet park every time we came/went because it seemed like it would have been a hassle. The location of the hotel was really good, within walking distance to the major sights and a very short drive to Georgetown. There is a Starbucks right around the corner and Founding Farmers is directly across the street, which is a fabulous restaurant that I highly recommend. The only disappointment was the lounge area. The photos online made it look much nicer than it actually was. It was very small and looked much more outdated than the sophisticated vintage style it appears to be online. Also we noticed while outside that some of the rooms have windows in the shower and that the entire street got a view of the person showering - I would not have felt comfortable in that shower after seeing how exposed you are. Thankfully ours was private. Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel - it was a really great choice for the price (we paid $88 even over NYE). 
151345470	 Enjoyed my stay at the former apartment building turned hotel. Really like that its not like every other large hotel you can find in any big city. I like the decor, antiques and little bit of funk. Some reviewers complain no one helped them with their bags. The door man took ours up after we checked in. The service is excellent. The staff seems to like their jobs and always in a good mood. I loved the location - 2 blocks from the Metro, close to the White House and across the street from Founding Farmers. The food is very good. If you are at all interested in going, make a reservation, I don't know if you can get a table without one - even for lunch.<br/><br/>Our first night at Lombardy we noticed one side of the bed sloped a bit. It was late and I didn't want to change rooms so I shoved one of the many pillows between the mattress and box springs. The next morning I realized the box springs were broken. Not by us, I swear! The tub also drained slow. I called down and while we were at breakfast, they fixed both issues. <br/><br/>The room has a coffee pot and I used it to heat water for tea. The water tasted like coffee so I think the pot could use a good cleaning. Only real complaint I have is the room service is very limited. We didn't eat in their restaurant but did order coffee each morning - it was good and the delivery was speedy. We ate at Founding Farmer's, Aroma (good and cheap Indian food), Paul for a nice french breakfast and Pret a Manger right by the Metro stop. <br/><br/>The hotel has loaner umbrellas but not many of them so if its raining, get one early. I would definitely stay here again! 
151205833	 There were good things about this hotel - perfectly clean room, and great location, within walking distance of the sights and many restaurants and a wholefoods market nearby; room was an OK size (if not spacious) with large bed; nice toiletries in the bathroom; professional and polite reception staff (if unsmiling). But I'm still not sure I'd return. <br/><br/>I had a room on the top floor, and I think my biggest gripe was that everything in the room seemed really badly designed. The lighting was poor - apart from one overhead light in the porchy-bit by the door, the room was lit only by one bedside light and one desk lamp. Which was fine when relaxing in the evening, but a real pain when trying to pack or unpack after dark, and while trying to extract clothes from my suitcase to dress in the morning (which had to be done with curtains firmly closed since the room was overlooked on all sides by offices). There was no full length mirror in the room, nor a minibar (if such things matter to you - and I did find it rather uncomfortable to have to head off for a business meeting with no clue what I looked like from the chest down!). The safe was in the little wardrobe, but on a podium so that I had to squash the few clothes I unpacked up against the wall so they could fall on either side of the safe and wouldn't crumple on the top of it. While the pillows were plentiful they were too thick to sleep on without seriously damaging the neck, so I slept for 3 nights just on the mattress. The heating system periodically made a dreadful racket. And, though I had no problem with the shower pressure, unlike other reviewers, it did take about 10 minutes every morning of fiddling with the taps to get the temperature right.<br/><br/>Reading that back it does all sound rather precious and petty, but I think the real problem with this hotel was a matter of expectation. This is not a cheap hotel, and for the price I was just expecting something a bit fancier and better organised. But if you have suitably low expectations then you might be perfectly happy with this hotel. Finally, like other reviewers I found some of the staff to be rather overly helpful. When leaving, the guys hanging around the front door insisted on whisking my suitcase out of my hands and out the front door, even though I needed to wait for an airport shuttle...just as well it was a sunny, warm day to wait outside... 
157025888	 I felt like we were literally right in the center of everything. It was still a good 10 minute walk to Georgetown, the White House, and other surrounding sights. The hotel was great as well, but if you can, I would ask for a room that was not next to the elevator. There was quite a bit of noise from the elevator during the evenings and early mornings. 
157007960	 Hotel Lombardy is a great little hotel for a great price. The room was clean and darling, the bathroom was spotless. There was even a little fridge which is great. Apparently they have suites with little kitchens as well. The location isn't the best for evening dining or a bar scene - but you are just a short taxi ride or metro stop away from Dupont Circle - or even not a bad walk. You are also only a few blocks away from the White House and then the National Mall - or again a short metro ride (the metro stop is very close). You are also right next door to James Madison's former residence. Overall I would definitely return and recommend this hotel to anybody. 
156934169	 Good room at a reasonable price in central DC, near Metro, restaurants, White House, not too far from Georgetown, staff are friendly, omnipresent and very helpful and timely, room had a few blemishes on arrival that were quickly fixed 
156913578	 For a 3 night stay in March, this hotel was central, close to the metro and walking distance from many attractions. fabulous room, great service and cozy welcoming bar where we could meet friends. I would definitely stay here again 
156717474	 I loved this little hotel. The rooms are a little small but beautifully decorated, its easy to walk to the white house, and in near of many great spots and restaurants. The area is great and safe. The internet is not as good as anything else but is free. 
156685104	 While the room was certainly spacious (a whole extra room w/poor lighting for a kitchen counter/small fridge) as well as a small alcove dressing room area, the place seemed dingy, noisy, and there was a wet spot on the carpeting. Not really romantic or worth it for the money. 
116431682	 My wife and I did an overnighter at the Lombardy last weekend (8/6/11) and could not have been more pleased. Made the reservation through &quot;Historical Hotel&quot; site and the price was very fair. The room was wonderful and the location is ideal, close to restaurants, Metro, etc... Only negatives were expensive parking (valet) and breakfast, although delicious, cost $41 which was a bit over the top. That said when we come back to DC we will stay at the Lombardy. 
116322250	 On every occasion I've stayed at the Lombardy, I've been impressed by the staff - evidently proud and happy to be here, courteous, personable and informative, they make a stay here stand out. Rooms are large and well-appointed, there's free and fast wifi, it's minutes away from the World Bank, and 2-3 blocks from the metro. The Venetian Bar is comfortable, albeit the loud jazz sometimes can be less than relaxing. Hard to beat. 
116064548	 My husband and I stayed at Hotel Lombardy from July 17-23, 2011. When we booked we were trying to find a hotel that had some character. My husband randomly found Hotel Lombardy and booked a room. Upon reading some of the reviews, we had mixed feelings. We are here to say, don't go in with preconceived notions because we loved it! A bellman met us at the door and brought our luggage into the reception area. He then accompanied us to our room. He was a little worried about us because we told him our room number and he said it was by the elevator. He suggested we request another room, since we would be there all week. We gambled and stayed in our room...I can count on 3 fingers the number of times we heard the elevator all week...it was not an issue! The view was nothing special, but we weren't there for the views from our room. We did hear the garbage trucks early in the morning the first two mornings, but must've gotten used to the noise because they never woke us up after that. The bathrooms are somewhat small, but they get the job done...bathtubs are nice and deep. The bed was very comfortable. The overall quality of our room was great. Very clean! We also got bottled water each night from the hotel. We ate breakfast in the restaurant on our last morning there and it was very tasty. The hotel is in walking distance of 2 Metro stations and several restaurants, along with the White House. All of the staff we encountered were very friendly! The hotel is quaint and has a wonderful, historical feel about it! 
115703551	 It's very centrally located, close to the Withe House.<br/>The room was very clean, spacious and had a good bed. <br/>I really loved the ambiance and decor!<br/>we had some problems with our reservation. We bought a package that included Sunday brunch. A week before coming to the hotel, we got a call from one of reservations manager to sort out some confusion in our reservation. She assured us that we would have no problems. But when we got to the hotel a receptionist told us that the brunch was not included in the package, we protested and he was very rude. This receptionist was extremely disrespectful and dismissive, is name is Milan. <br/>In the next morning we spoke with the manager who was extremely helpful and apologetic. He solved the problem very quickly and saved our stay in the hotel! <br/>This hotel is a very good choice to stay in DC! I recommend! 
115593994	 I have stayed at many DC hotels over the past two decades, and I absolutely adore the Hotel Lombardy. Cute decor, friendly service, people who remember my name! Extra water (free) today just because I mentioned yesterday I wanted one. Free internet. Honor bar. Ceiling fan. Dressing area. Great location. Safe for travelers. I have stayed at Lombardy four times since last month and am recommending it to friends! 
115550898	 Within walking distance of both the Mall and the White House, the Hotel Lombardy is a cozy, comfortable home away from home. We LOVED the Cafe Lombardy, both for dinner and for breakfast; every staff member was warm, welcoming, and helpful; and the room was comfortable. We loved it! 
35881875	 We stayed in over the fourth and had a wonderful stay. From the moment we pulled up out front, the staff bent over backwards to help. The doormen helped us instantly unload the rental car, and advised us of where to park to save us the $40 (or so) hotel fee. The hotel staff had fresh apples, and a newspaper given to us at check-in. The desk staff were pleasant, but the doormen/ elevator operators were the stars of the this hotel. They never stopped helping and assisting us, and seemed so surprised and thankful of our tips to each of them the day we checked out. The hand operated elevator was so much fun, even if we did have to sometimes wait a few minutes for a ride. The rooms were so uniquely laid out. From the hall there was a first shutter like door, and when you opened that you found the real room to the hotel. The room was not that large (but really seemed big), it had a small dressing area with a closet outside the bathroom and the little kitchen area was completely seperated from the room, with a heavy curtain in the doorway. The kitchen area had it's own window and a bistro table and chairs. We enjoyed drinks in the evening in there, while my son slept in the hotel room- without having to book a suite! The room was light and airy with it's white bed linens and bright white bathroom. I loved all the historic details. We really felt that this hotel was a steal for the money!<br/><br/>A couple of things to note- we did not try the restaurant, so I can not comment on that. Also, a &quot;kitchenette&quot; should have a microwave (ours only had a sink, minifridge). Also, no safe in the room. The old elevator is charming - but do not stay in a room next to it - it is nosiey! The hotel is walking distance to the mall, or an inexpensive taxi ride away. A couple of other pluses - a nearby starbucks, a CVS, and Founders Farmer restaurant was very good. 
35412019	 My husband and I recently stayed for 4 nights at the Hotel Lombardy. Only a 10 minute walk down Pennsylvania Avenue to Lafayette Square and the White House. Nice size room with air conditioning. We did not use the restaurant at night but did call in for coffee at breakfast time. We found a local Starbucks for bagels and coffee just around the corner.<br/>All the staff were very pleasant. The old lift was novel and needed a bellboy to operate it but we did not feel obliged to tip every time we used it (on 8th floor) and there was no negative feedback from staff about this. 
34275709	 This is an older hotel that was clean with comfortable beds, hot shower with good pressure, and coffee maker in the room. The bathroom was large and had been remodeled. The elevator was old, small, and slow, but the elevator operators were very friendly. However, since we were on the 3rd floor we did take the stairs many times. The weather was in the 90s when we were there and the room stayed cool. The ceiling fan helped keep the room cool. The windows also seemed to be replacement windows that blocked most of the street noise. We heard the creaking floorboards of the room above us, but did not hear anyone in the hall or next door.<br/><br/>The hotel is conveniently located on the Orange/blue line between the Foggy Bottom Metro station and the Farragut West station so it is very convenient to get to from National airport. We found that getting off at the Farragut West station and taking the 18th street exit meant that you were on the correct side of the side and did not have to cross any major streets.<br/><br/>Location: Is close to the Metro. There are several restaurants on I (eye) St. between the hotel and the Farragut West station. Pangea, on the next corner, was a convenient place to grab coffee or a sandwich. There is also a Trader Joe's on 25th St. The restaurants at 2000 Pennsylvania are also just across the park. Very convenient to the GWU campus.<br/><br/>Negatives: I would have liked a safe in the room. The complimentary internet was wired so we were tied to the desk when we used the computer and because there were so few outlets near the desk we had to unplug the lamp to charge the laptop. 
33686445	 Before staying here, I read many reviews. The only complaints I read about were that the elevator and valet services were very slow and that the staff wasn't very helpful. I am happy to say that we experienced the complete opposite on our trip June 25-29. When we checked in at 12:30pm, our room wasn't ready, which I didn't really expect it to be. The staff was prompt in taking our luggage to storage and parking our minivan. As I pre-checked in, I asked about the location of Founding Farmers restaurant. The gentleman at the front desk walked outside with me and pointed it out across the street for me.<br/><br/>When we arrived back that evening after a full afternoon of touring, our room on the 9th floor was ready. The elevator operator was very warm and welcoming as he took us up - he even let my 7 year old son drive the elevator! Our room was generously sized and very well appointed. The kitchenette was great for a quick breakfast before heading out to tour in the mornings. The bathroom was small, but was complimented by a nice dressing table outside of the bathroom. The Bath &amp; Body Works lotion and shampoo was nice. We loved the ceiling fan in the room, as we sleep with one at home. <br/><br/>Housekeeping did a good job. My only complaint was that on our arrival day and the next day, we were only given 2 towels and 2 washcloths for a party of 4. I had to call each day and ask for more, which were promptly delivered. After I left a note asking for 4 of each, I didn't have that problem again.<br/><br/>We took our van out of valet on three occasions. Each time we called the night before and told the front desk what time we would need our van the next day. Each time it was ready when we were. As for the elevator, once we waited about five minutes for it to come to the 9th floor. Every other time it came immediately.<br/><br/>Every employee we encountered was friendly, polite, and very inviting. It was a very charming hotel in a great location. In addition to Founding Farmers, we ate at Johnny Rockets, Botuccis, Baja Fresh, Pret-A-Manager, and Sandella's all within a couple of blocks. We had a fabulous experience at the Hotel Lombardy and would stay here again on future trips to DC. 
33678391	 I spent 3 nights in D.C. with my young nephew (he's 12) for a sightseeing vacation. The location of the Lombardy was actually convenient to both a blue/orange metro stop and to the red line (it was only a block further). We had a lovely room, and the staff was quite friendly. I've stayed in D.C. in some nice properties before, but this one had the advantage of also being in a nice neighborhood. There were also plenty of food options nearby for dining and/or take out. The hotel also arranged for a tour for us the night we checked in, and was nice enough to hold our luggage all day when we checked out as our train was not leaving town until that evening. Really no complaints whatsoever - I would definitely stay there again in the future. 
33022905	 Our nicely-decorated standard room was small, but its peripheral spaces -- a kitchenette with a table and two chairs and a dressing room between the big closet and the bath -- made it seem more like a suite. Every amenity was on hand -- iron, full-size ironing board, hair dryer, refrigerator, large flat-screen television. <br/><br/>The room was air-conditioned, of course, and there was also a welcome ceiling fan. The fan wasn't working the first night, but the switch was repaired the next day. <br/><br/>When rain threatened, the desk lent us a big umbrella. <br/><br/>The hotel is in Foggy Bottom, not the most exciting or interesting neighborhood in itself, but within easy walking distance of two neighborhoods that are: DuPont Circle and Georgetown. It is also only three blocks from the Farragut West Metro station, so it's very easy to travel anywhere in the city. <br/><br/>The staff was gracious and helpful. We will stay at this hotel again the next time we are in Washington. 
16912892	 We chose the hotel based on the reviews and description of the hotel on several travel sites. The actual experience was much different than expected. Honestly, the hotel is charming and quaint, and I loved the architecture. The staff was very nice. Our room was small, not very clean, the bathtub didn't drain, it was hard to keep the room at a comfortable temperature, and the elevator, which is not modern, did not function well, and waiting for it caused us to run late for an event. The food was fine, the location was very good, but the overall lack of modern amenities was inconvenient at best. 
16417730	 This is a good choice for a stay in central D.C. Clean and comfortable, and the staff is very helpful and friendly. Location and price are really the strong points. Located two blocks from two metro stops and four blocks from the White House, in the direction of Georgetown. As for the price, it's not cheap, but for a decent hotel in central D.C., it is most reasonable. The property is a little on the idiosyncratic side... for example, the elevator is an antique relic with a human operator and the room has a little alcove that apparently was once a kitchen, but all that adds to the charm. If you plan to spend much time in the room, choose wisely: The rooms in the back have zero view (they look out into an office building about 20 feet away, and you can't even see the sky). The front, however, overlooks Penn. Avenue, two lovely parks and a redeveloped street of row houses, converted to shopping and restaurants. There is a cozy lounge in the back and the restaurant is fairly good, and you'll find a bunch of local eating options in all price ranges in the neighborhood, too. The only real criticism: The carpet (in my room at least) badly needs replacing. It's clean enough, but really past it's lifespan. Nevertheless, if I get the chance I would happily stay here again. 
15853215	 My husband and I just returned from a week-long vacation in DC and we stayed at the Hotel Lombardy. We were on a budget and got a great package deal with our flight that included this hotel. I was a little worried given the great rate we received and some of the reviews here, but as others have said -- there was absolutely no need to worry. <br/><br/>The hotel staff was excellent. Someone was always available to help with our bags, open doors, get a taxi or give directions. The manually-operatated elevator was actually very fun and the operators were very nice. It was definitely my husband's favorite part of the hotel! <br/><br/>Our room was fairly small and a little cramped, but a friend of ours who stayed in a nearby room had a much bigger room. The difference was &quot;the view.&quot; We had a view of a courtyard and he had a close-up view of the neighboring building. We did learn that the only rooms in the hotel with a &quot;view&quot; are the suites. We were not staying in any suites. (I did not take any pictures of our room, but the pictures already posted are pretty much exactly what our room was like -- except we had one king-sized bed.)<br/><br/>My only real complaints about the hotel are the beds (very hard and I had a neck cramp most of the vacation) and the bathroom had no ventilation, except a window which was not helpful. The hotel bar was very nice, but very expensive -- and I am from Vegas!<br/><br/>All in all, the hotel was very charming. The cafe served good food. And it was very close to the Metro and the White House/Mall. I definitely recommend this hotel to anyone considering a trip to DC who wants a reasonably affordable hotel with a good location. 
15555185	 I was staying in the hotel for one week at the end of April and beginning of May. The room is good, it really has a little kitchen area, nice light bathroom. The beds are very comfortable and I slept well. One also has a free internet access inside the room for the laptop. The view was horrible, though. I saw opposite offices windows from my windows. I also heard some machinery noise all the time. One day my room was not cleaned up (only after my call). Another day my toilet did not work (it was repaired very quickly, though). Compare to nicely looking rooms the common areas are quite shaby. I know it is a historical hotel, but I think the manual lift is really not a must today. :o) Good location close to a metro station, close to many interesting places, close to Circular bus stop to Georgetown. The room rate is quite high, but I would generally say that DC is not good value for money when talking about hotels. 
15326020	 We stayed at the Hotel Lombardy over a weekend stay in DC. It was my wife and I plus her sister and husband. We each booked a deluxe room with a king sized bed. My wife and I loved our room and it even included a little kitchen area that contained a mini fridge and a small table with a couple of chairs. Her sister's room did not have the kitchen area. Their room felt a bit smaller overall. Our windows had wooden blinds plus drapery while their room only had the blinds. <br/><br/>Overall, the room was very nice and the bed was very comfortable. After walking around DC all day long, I needed a comfortable bed. The bathroom is small but it was very clean. My wife loved the water pressure in the hotel along with the bath and body works soaps and lotions. Just about every light in the room was on a dimmer switch and the room had a ceiling fan.<br/><br/>The TV in the room came with lots of channels but the signal was not the best. Many of the stations came in wavy or had lines running through it. Not a big deal for us as we had very little time to watch TV.<br/><br/>The room was quiet although you could hear the person upstairs when they were walking around their room. It wasn't that big of a deal.<br/><br/>Service in the hotel was excellent. We never waited more than a minute for the elevator. There was always someone at the front door to open it for us. Although street parking is free on the weekend, we couldn't find a spot near the hotel, so we would up using valet at $35/nt. I had no problem with the valet service and the service was quick.<br/><br/>We liked the hotel location as there was a metro station within a 5 minute walk of the hotel plus lots of restaurants including TGIF, Au Bon Pain, Starbucks, Corner Bakery, Bertuccis, and many others. The White House was about a 20 minute walk away. We all felt very safe walking around the hotel area at night.<br/><br/>We would definitely stay at this hotel again the next time we visit DC. 
14917325	 Excellent location - 2 blocks from metro and just a stones throw from tourist sites. Nearby resturants - TGI's - au bon pain - and others. Nice area. Very safe.<br/><br/>Bedrooms - nice quality bed linen and drapes. Bathrooms were spotless although maid service was very inconsistent. Towels were very small and not the quality I would expect from a hotel of this price. Lovely comfy 7ft bed that was heaven. Mini bar rather expensive and NO internet access. Big negative.<br/><br/>Hotel - friendly staff. Manual elevator started off as quaint but was a pain by the end of the holiday - sometimes a little wait but it is an old hotel. Hotel itself could do with some redecorating in places but lovely friendly feeling. <br/><br/>Would return there again - 24 hr internet access on street behind hotel was a real lifesaver. 
191063782	 We had a great overnight stay at the Lombardy last week. Everyone was so helpful and welcoming. The hotel is absolutely charming: we loved the 1920s-30s vibe of the place. It was vintage without being shabby. We also loved the Venetian bar. It's a bit pricey, but it's a great place for a little nightcap before retiring to bed. 
190819401	 The Hotel Lombardy was recommended to me by a friend who stayed there earlier in 2013 and I most certainly can recommend this hotel to anyone else, who is looking for reasonably priced hotel accommodation, well situated and within walking distance of many of the historical and other interesting sights around the city. I was delighted with the lovely king size bed covered by a thick and fluffy duvet and huge pillows, especially since the temperatures outside were freezing! Felt like a movie star in that big bed, all on my own!! The rooms are nicely furnished, very comfortable and everything works, which is especially pleasing. All the staff are extremely polite and very helpful and go out of their way to make one feel comfortable and very welcome. I loved the free newspaper at my door each day as well as 2 free bottles of water, delivered on a daily basis. A nice touch too, is the fully stocked fridge, albeit that the items are expensive, but that's up to the individual. At least the choice is there if needed. Special thanks must go to Christina, who assisted me when I couldn't get my mobile to connect with the free Wifi! Christina willing booked my shuttle service to the airport when I enquired about it and also booked my night tour. She was extremely helpful with advising travelling on the Metro and where the nearest stations are etc. Christina took the stress out of being a solo traveller in a big city like DC and I cannot thank her enough!! I look forward to my next visit to DC and most definitely will stay at the Hotel Lombardy! 
190750865	 Out if the handful of hotels I've stayed in this area I am partial to this one. The rooms are more what I would imagine small 1920s ny apartments to be. Each room with a shutter door and clean but dark hallways. Inside our room a comfy bed, ceiling fan, dresser and desk. A dressing room attached to the bath with the small fridge and coffee maker. <br/><br/>The neighborhood is not dupont circle but nice. More restaurants then shops. A nice sitting park just cross the street. Easy to navigate and comfortable. <br/><br/>The mini bar isn't fancy. The service isn't out going. I prefer my own toiletries. I can sometimes hear the creaking of guesting walking in the room above. Yet I prefer staying here. I think it's just the &quot;Sigh, I'm home” feeling I get when I stumble in from a long hard day of sight seeing and tedious spa visits :) 
190741331	 I have stayed in many places in DC but this worked best for me. I had a room on the front which may have helped, but what I was most impressed by was the service from housekeeping. The light bulb had gone in the bathroom (OK. maybe they should have checked) but when I called a few minutes after check in, I had hardly put the 'phone down when a member of the housekeeping staff knocked on my door, confirmed there was a problem and fixed it all within 5 minutes of my call. I've had worse service in places I've paid a lot more for. I'll certainly use it again.<br/>On the other hand, I met a couple of people who were at the back of the hotel and they didn't like it at all, although I couldn't quite pin down their problem. 
190421150	 This was a great boutique hotel right on Pennsylvania Ave. 4 blocks from the White House. The personal attention and help we received was much appreciated especially since my husband was handicapped. The room had 2 small areas off the main room. One a mini/bar with sink; the other a small dressing area leading into the bathroom. Bed, furnishings, fixtures were all top quality. The Cafe Lombardy served an excellent dinner and breakfast and the service was impeccable. Definitely will return. In January the before tax price with AAA discount was $134. A real bargain. 
190408106	 The hotel, old and charming was ok. I was placed in a rear room, on an alley. I was awakened at midnite . .and every 2 hours all night by garbage trucks banging &amp; unloading. dumpsters! When I shared my diaapoontment w the front desk inthe am, they sai d they could not offer any compensatopn on my room. I would like to submit this hotel to Trav el Channel Hotel Impossible! 
163680847	 Five nights spent in this very comfortable, friendly, small hotel within easy walking distance of the White House and most other attractions in the centre of things. Bar and restaurant both well serviced with tasty well-prepared snacks and a very special Californian Cabernet in the bar! An adequate gym - access to a pool would have been good. 
163673134	 We had a great time at the hotel Lombardy and in DC. I was in town for a conference and my husband and son and mother and stepfather met me in town a couple of days later. Everyone loved the hotel. We loved the elevator and the lounge (very cool!) The doormen were SO kind to everyone -- always checking in with my 6 year old son and one gave me a hug one morning because I looked tired. We walked between the hotel and the White House, Georgetown, and the Lincoln Memorial and also frequented the metro which is only 1 and a half blocks away. This hotel is a gem. 
163578606	 This property is a great example of what an urban boutique hotel should be. Good service, clean and charming (albeit small) rooms with very comfortable beds, and enough amenities (like the small fitness room) to meet the needs of a short to medium term visit. Location is great, too, with easy access to the Metro and within walking distance of most of the major Washington attractions. And considering the location, the rates are quite reasonable. 
163425845	 Stayed here for a week for business. Warm and plush furnishings and appointments through the hotel make it an inviting place to stay. This feel extends into the room. Ability to open windows enables fresh air and natural light. However, room was relatively small and cramped with all the necessary furniture. Hanging/wardrobe space was limited. Decor was a little varied/random.<br/><br/>Sleep quality was generally excellent. Bed was comfortable, adorned with many pillows to choose from. I was provided a room on a higher floor at the back of the hotel which was a great room, away from the street noise. However, it unfortunately faced a back alley and I was woken a couple of very early mornings (around 4am) from loud sounds of dump trucks reversing and banging around with dumpsters. I wouldn't expect this to be a regular occurrence though.<br/><br/>Staff service was a little inconsistent, particularly the door and bar staff - sometimes open the door for your, sometimes not (even though they were standing right there), sometimes especially polite, other times not.<br/><br/>Small fitness room is sufficient. Inadequate hotel communal meeting space - small foyer and bar lounge.<br/><br/>Would stay again because of location. 
163403840	 We stayed 4 days, 3 nights and were thoroughly pleased with the hotel, service and staff. Ate breakfast and dinner in the restaurant and it was by far some of the best I had on my trip. Hotel is close to White House, easy stroll down Pennsylvania Avenue. Close to the Kennedy Center and Georgetown. Would definitely stay again. Only problem was the address. I had an address on Pennsylvania Avenue and the hotel is actually on &quot;I&quot; Street. Easily corrected with a phone call! 
163381337	 We spent two nights at this hotel in room 1114. It's a quick walk to the Foggy Bottom metro and the bellmen were very nice (the front desk staff were not). Our room was toward the back of the hotel and we endured two nights of limited sleep because the trash trucks start arriving about 5 am and the constant &quot;beep, beep&quot; of the back-up alarm, along with the lifting of the dumpsters and the slamming down of said dumpsters, goes on for about 2 hrs. After the first night we told the front desk staff, and asked if we just happened to arrive on trash day. We weren't given a reassuring response to that question. She did offer to move us to another room, but since it was just two doors down, we didn't think that would help. The next night was the same. The back of the hotel must be a trash collection area as we counted at least 15 trucks over the course of 90 minutes or so. Another concern is that the emergency exits are directly across from the elevators, which is a long walk from many of the rooms. It's also the most we paid for a room in D.C. and was not the quality of other hotels. 
100520018	 Overall, we were very happy with the Lombardy. Here's the nitty-gritty detailed breakdown:<br/><br/>Location:<br/>Pretty good location. Felt safe around the area. Baja Fresh and CVS are very close by. I'm the type of person who would circle around a parking lot for the closest space to avoid a longer walk, so with that being said, the Farragut West metro wasn't far (a straight shot down a few blocks, and the Starbucks at this metro station was the most efficient one I've ever been to), and it is a nice walking distance to the White House too. (There is only valet parking here too, so no need to circle here for a space.)<br/><br/>Service:<br/>We had GREAT service. Everyone was friendly and helpful, especially the doormen, particularly one who's name starts with an &quot;A&quot;. Loved being greeted and seen off by them. Housekeeping, front desk staff, etc. all wonderful. You can tell that they strive to continually improve and exceed expectations, and that's a great sign of listening to their guests. They were accommodating to our travel itinerary as well. If anything, I'd come back based on the service alone.<br/><br/>Room:<br/>We had the top (11th) floor Executive Parkview King, facing Pennsylvania Ave which I'd recommend. The only thing about that was you can hear street noise, including sirens every night. Spacious room and pretty good value considering every hotel in the DC area is pricier. However, creaky floorboards, and I hope the folks under us didn't have to hear every step we made. No internet access in the room. Nice flat screen tv, but no HD. Kitchenette was nice to have. Fridge had some room for our own small items. Coffee maker, sink, but no microwave which is fine by me. Got the paper every morning in front of our door and 1 bottled water in the evening. Overall, a very clean and comfortable room.<br/><br/>Bathroom:<br/>Small bathroom, but considering it's a historical hotel, they did the best they could with it. Towels were nice, one day I was lucky to get the softest towel ever, so it will just depend on the rotation. We definitely needed more counter space (see photo, maybe extend it over the sink instead of only over the toilet?), but thankfully the vanity area was right outside the door. Would like more water pressure, and felt the temperature was inconsistent, but again it is an old historical building. Bath and Body Works amenities were nice: 2 bar soaps, 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body lotion, shower cap, shoe buff.<br/><br/>Bed:<br/>The bed was huge! I really, really loved the comfortable bed. Nice linens too. But out of the 6 pillows, I couldn't find one I liked. They were all super super high, like I could be fed while laying my head on them high. I ended up not using a pillow, but that's personal preference. <br/><br/>Overall hotel:<br/>Remember that this is a boutique hotel, so do not expect the standard hotel room feel. Very comfortable and clean and we enjoyed our stay. 2 elevators were small but it was fine and they came quickly. Overall, great place, nice room, and excellent service , so I would recommend it and stay here again. 
100180042	 We stayed here for Valentine's Day weekend. The location was good for the Kennedy Center. The hotel has a very nice bar and bistro. We were upgraded to a suite, and the room was lovely. Very nice beds-extremely comfortable. Be warned that there is no wireless in the rooms for your laptop. The wired internet connection did not work either. The front desk staff would not assist with this, and they would only give me a phone number to contact. 
100173041	 My husband and I stayed here one night in June. If we could have gotten another room in a different hotel when we checked in we would have left immediately! The room was tiny and dirty. There was hair all over the sheets and stains. One of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in. We checked out first thing in the morning. 
100056425	 I'll keep it short and sweet. If you're looking for a charming boutique hotel that's different from the standard chains (we usually stay at branded resorts like Four Seasons, Ritz and JW Marriott), this is a good start. Here's what I liked and what could be improved:<br/><br/>Likes:<br/>WONDERFUL service! <br/> - with the exception of our check-in staff member, the entire staff was overly friendly without being overbearing. The doormen were outstanding and were always willing to call us a cab or give us tips from directions to good eats.<br/>LOCATION<br/> - the Hotel Lombardy was a very short walk (a block and a half) to the Faragut West metro station. We went to the local CVS, a block away, and purchased SmarTrip farecards and used the metro to get everywhere we needed. We did walk one day to the west half of the mall, and it was not far at all.<br/>BED<br/> - wow, what a comfortable bed! Pillows were standard down or down alternative, but the bed was extremely comfy!<br/>PRICE<br/> - we found a great sale right on their site for our extended weekend stay (Thursday-Sunday) and paid less than any recent hotel stay in memory. The price was more than fair for the room and service<br/><br/>Dislikes: <br/> - the hotel did not have a so-called &quot;quick service&quot; option and Food and Beverage was a bit limited (one restaurant and room service). BUT i can completely understand and forgive considering the hotel's size. Just something to keep in mind. Also, we found out the hard way that not much is open in the area on weekends as far as food. A few chains, but most everything in the area closes shop on Sat/Sun. <br/><br/>Other things to keep in mind:<br/> - This is a historic hotel and yes, the floorboards creak. But we thought it added to the charm! We loved the classic 20s/30s style bathroom fixtures and the sitting room. The mini kitchinette was an added bonus too.<br/> - The hotel is closer to the west side of the Mall, so plan on using the metro for any of the museums on the mall.<br/><br/>All in all we loved our stay. Since we're floridians we rarely travel north of where we live, as we enjoy warmer climates. BUT should we find ourselves traveling up north again, we will definitely stay at Hotel Lombardy once more. 
99286598	 If you need a hotel for a reasonable price near Foggy Bottom and near a Metro stop, the Lombardy is a good option. The standard rooms can be cramped, the elevators are ancient, and the staff's attitude is mixed but generally blase. The restaurant -- especially for breakfast -- is excellent. Poor fitness center. If you can obtain a deluxe room at a reasonable price, the major drawback is eliminated aned it's a fine deal 
98435039	 The best things about the hotel are the convenient location and the friendly, helpful staff. However, the building feels run down, the doors do not feel secure, and you can hear a lot of creaking from the floors and noise from your neighbors. If you are a frequent traveler and accustomed to a certain comfort level, especially for business travel, you would likely be disappointed. I wouldn't go back. 
142104394	 I hate to give away such great hidden gem but this place is great! You are so close to everything. The food here is great and this charming old hotel is very clean. I want to stay here again when I return to Washington. 
142070936	 I had the opportunity to stay at the Hotel Lombardy while on a recent business trip to DC. The hotel is a historical structure, and overall is quite charming. The rooms are comfortable, if not overly large. The hotel has a small (and quiet) lounge which is quite welcoming, and a restaurant. I did not sample their dinner fair, but had a very tasty and reasonably priced breakfast. I would definitely recomment the Lombardy to a friend, and plan on returning their when I am in DC. 
142053805	 First time in DC so this was located in an ideal area to take in lots of the history if the city within walking distance. The service was friendly and helpful, rooms were clean and well set up and was quiet for the most part. Would definitely stay there again as it felt safe and was very convenient. 
142023502	 It is always interesting to see how a non-major brand, locally owned and managed hotel does in a major travel market. It's also somewhat frustrating to see a hotel with so much good - almost universal positives - let a few things fall through the cracks which really can change the guest's whole experience with the property. Unfortunately, that's what the Lombardy has done.<br/><br/>First, the positives, and there are many. Excellent service, starting with the doormen. Friendly, knowledgeable, eager to help but not overly solicitous, always ready to answer a question, find a taxi, suggest a tour or a restaurant. In my experience, these guys are among the best in the business globally. Front desk, exactly the same. Very accommodating for an upgrade to a suite on a relatively slow September weekend (much appreciated) and for a late check out on Sunday.<br/><br/>More positives. Beautifully decorated public spaces and the room itself, with high-quality, somewhat &quot;period&quot; decor befitting a smallish boutique hotel. Location is six blocks from the White House, a short taxi ride to all of the important places in DC, within walking distance to Dupont Circle and hundreds of great restaurants (go have brunch at Clyde's). The neighborhood is both quiet and safe, with GWU just across the street.<br/><br/>Finally, value. It is a great location and a good product for a price which is extremely reasonable in the DC market.<br/><br/>It would be my pleasure to end my review here and leave it at that. However, that wouldn't present an accurate picture. On that note, the negatives.<br/><br/>First and foremost, one has to accept that most older, smaller boutique hotels tend to have bathrooms which are not exactly the most modern, and plumbing to go with it. This is certainly the case at the Lombardy, however, this was much worse than usual. While the bathroom was generally clean (although not as clean as I would have liked), it was fairly utilitarian - not much counter space or room to move around. Definitely not for two people to use at the same time. The toilet was one of the old-style, tiny, round type which I last saw in Bangladesh in the late 1990s (yes, it annoyed me back then as well). Older, nondescript fixtures are not the worst thing to have to deal with. However, the real problems started with the shower, which had a fairly complicated three-knob setup which took some trial and error to get the water from the tub spout to the shower head. And then...well, let me put it this way. There was never, in six showers taken by two of us across three days a single moment when the water temperature or pressure was constant. We are talking about varying from a sputter to a blast, freezing hot to scalding, with no way to control it at all. Essentially, the shower was rendered useless by this issue, which, as you can imagine, is not an enjoyable situation to endure or look forward to during a hotel stay.<br/><br/>Further to the bathroom issues, the overall water pressure problem apparently does not allow the toilets to flush consistently either. So you get the long wait for the bowl to refill, and many times the need to re-flush a few times to clear it out. You get the picture, I hope - this needs no additional explanation. <br/><br/>Finally, another shower issue which was bothersome. The hole where the shower head comes out of the wall had no gap cover on it, it was just a pipe coming through a hole in the wall which was exposed a bit around the edges. Maybe not just a bit, maybe an inch or so. Generally not a big deal, however, to experienced travelers who have been in a few less-than-first-world hotels over the years, exposed holes in the wall lead to one quick thought - what exactly might be crawling around inside the walls that now has a way to come out of it? I didn't see anything moving around in my room, but realistically, it's a big-city hotel in a humid environment. You have to assume the possibility exists at least part of the year, but I don't want to encourage creepy crawlies in my room if it can be easily avoided, and in this case, nobody took the time to avoid it, which makes no sense. Frankly, it creeped me out and made me uncomfortable. This is the kind of thing that takes an impression of a clean hotel and changes it very quickly. I don't know why management never gets that.<br/><br/>A last thought on the negatives. Despite the room temperature being set quite low, the bed linens are the type which seem to retain a lot of heat. We never got a really good sleep all weekend because of this. I can confirm that tha air conditioners work extremely well and quietly, but I think the bedding itself could use an upgrade. The actual mattress itself was, in fact, quite comfortable. <br/><br/>Overall, as I said in the beginning, so close - but not there. With a few incremental improvements this could be an unbelievable hotel, but there is some attention to detail which needs to be paid. 
141912886	 very nice place to stay-location excellent-staff excllent-very good price for dc-make sure you ask for a room on the upper floors-the hotel is naturally surrounded by other buildings and there are exhaust fans in the rear of these buildings that are quite loud-the staff was very good in moving us to an upper floor-you should really love your stay in washington if you use this hotel 
141308342	 we stayed here in august 2012 before setting off on a tour of the south east USA. We enjoyed it so much we finished off our tour with a further three days before going home.This hotel has a warm welcoming european retro ambience with cheerful helpful staff especially the front office and the rooms and beds are very comfortable.It is perfectly well situated, close to downtown and within easy walking distance of all major attractions except perhaps western union station and I say that as a reasonably fit mid 60's guy. The circulator bus operates from just across the road for those sites beyond walking distance. There are plenty of stores bars and facilities on around the GWU campus and surrounding area. This will be my first choice next time We visit DC. Considering its central location the tariffs are very reasonable. 
120869795	 I stayed at the Lombardy in mid November 2011 and thoroughly enjoyed my visit. The hotel is conveniently located to my destination and has great alternatives for restaurants in the neighborhood. On the seond night of my stay, the staff members remembered my request for ice in the room and remembered my room number when I returned from my day's work. I will definitely return. 
120759408	 I must say those who work at this hotel seem very happy and so willing to help. Very pleasant. The location was great also. Close to the Metro and walking distance to so much. Great stay. 
120692431	 We had a beautiful room (not quite a suite) with a separate dressing area on one side and a little room with sink, refrigerator and breakfast table on the other. The bed was enormous and probably the best I've ever slept in. We spent a lot of time in the foyer (see below) and were able to observe the good relationships of the doormen and regular visitors; the staff in general were very good.<br/><br/>I loved this hotel. My husband was less pleased. The wi-fi didn't work in the room, so there was often a crowd of people in the foyer, including us, working on laptops and phones. Also, when we arrived, the receptionist's greeting was 'What do you want?'<br/><br/>The Foggy Bottom location was ideal, on a nice street, close to the subway, and in walking distance to the Mall and White House. 
120577078	 My wife and I chose the Lombardy for three nights because my daughter's wedding was held next door, at the Arts Club (another pretty special place). From now on, regardless of my reason for visiting DC, I will return to this wonderful boutique hotel. Everyone was delightful, our small suite overlooking the park was very nice (although the closet was very tight &amp; a higher floor may have been a bit quieter). Most of all, we enjoyed the pleasant and helpful staff. How about this??? When we needed an extra hour for the wedding rehearsal (overbooked next door) the SALES department suggested we use the Venetian lounge .... gartis. That takes &quot;on the house&quot; to a new level in the hotel industry. We only ate breakfast in the restaurant but it was exceptional. And one tip if you drive into DC; the valet parking was about $40 a night, but well worth it, and our car, with wine and gifts in the back, was always there when we needed it 
120250053	 We stayed at the Hotel Lombardy for four nights last week, in an executive parkview king room overlooking Pennsylvania Avenue. The hotel was simply wonderful. It is an historic hotel, having once been a residence and situated next door to a former home of James Munroe. <br/><br/>Our room was spacious and beautifully decorated with artwork and lovely furnishings. The bed was very comfortable, with beautiful linens and lots of comfy pillows. There was a separate area with a small table and chairs and a stainless kitchenette with sink and small fridge. The bathroom was tiny but spotlessly clean (as was the whole room) and had a frosted window which made it very bright during the day. There was a small vanity area outside of the bathroom, beside the closet, which had ample hangers and a safe. The room also had wifi and high-speed internet access included in the price.<br/><br/>All of the hotel staff that we encountered were very friendly and eager to help. Every time we came back from somewhere, we were always welcomed back by someone. The friendliness of the staff made us feel very much at home for the short time we were there. <br/><br/>The hotel would have been wonderful anywhere, but what really made it stand out was its location. Three blocks from the White House, six blocks from the Lincoln and Vietnam Veteran's Memorials, close to two Metro stops which meant a short ride to the Smithsonian museums and Arlington, and close to a wealth of places to eat, including a Whole Foods market for those who like to have breakfast in the room. We even walked back to the hotel from Arlington National Cemetery. We couldn't have asked for a better location as tourists new to Washington. We also felt very safe walking around both during the day on the weekend and at night.<br/><br/>I can't say enough good things about the Hotel Lombardy and it will be our first choice of places to stay anytime we visit Washington. 
120239719	 Washington DC can be a heavy hit on the pocket book.<br/>I have stayed at the Lombardy a half a dozen times over the years.<br/>Great location-very good value for the money, many charming features. 
198810643	 Really nice hotel on the whole and Cafe Lombardy is a great place to eat (Mohammed is the heart and soul of it!). Great location - easy walking distance to Georgetown and other places of interest in D.C.<br/><br/>It's worth asking for a room at the front of the hotel, as the others are dark as they are adjacent another tall building.<br/><br/>Staff are friendly but housekeeping seem to run some slightly strange hours - I had a knock at the door one morning around 8:00am as housekeeping were about to clean my room and they were surprised I was still in my room.<br/><br/>Overall, very nice hotel in a great location.<br/> 
198571563	 We're fans of boutique hotels rather than the larger variety and the Lombardy was an immediate draw because it is on Pennsylvania Avenue. The White House is only about a 5 minute walk away and we found ourselves walking pretty much everywhere, including Georgetown (about 10 minutes) and the National Mall (10-25 depending on which end). When you've had enough of wearing out shoe leather, both Foggy Bottom and Farragut West metro stations are an easy walk as well.<br/><br/>The hotel itself was old fashioned in decor (but entirely appropriately so) and the restaurant was small but excellent, as was the rather stylish and cosy Venetian Bar. Every single member of staff we met was friendly and welcoming throughout our week's stay.<br/><br/>As for our room, a super-king size always goes down well and it was very comfortable, albeit with foam pillows like barrage balloons. We only booked a standard room so it wasn't the biggest but it and the bathroom (which was actually sizeable) were both pretty well appointed. Perhaps only two small gripes: we didn't have any sort of a view or much natural light (on the right of the hotel there is an office block about 10 yards away) and the sound-proofing between rooms was not the greatest, although it didn't really bother us most of the time. <br/><br/>Perhaps slightly unexpectedly, there is also a small but reasonably well-equipped little gym in the basement.<br/><br/>Overall we would recommend as a great base to explore Washington 
198261674	 We had a two night stay and would go back again! The staff was very nice, the room was good and the bed was excellent. We had a room overlooking Pennsylvania Avenue, which did have a lot of ambulance noise, but it didn't bother us. The location was nice, close to many things. 
197550668	 This is the second time I have stayed at the Hotel Lombardy and I am so happy to say that it is just as wonderful this year as last year. As has been mentioned in previous reviews, all the staff are great, highly professional, very helpful and extremely nice. The rooms are large and airy, extremely comfortable with comfy beds and wonderful linen. <br/><br/>The location is perfect - a pleasant walk to the National Mall, the White House and the Smithsonian Museums or a short walk to the Foggy Bottom Metro Station. The area felt very safe and is just down the street from George Washington University Hospital. <br/><br/>Unlike some reviewers I did not find the walls thin, however if you are a light sleeper definitely ask for a room overlooking the park since the garbage truck do collect early in the morning. <br/><br/>The Lombardy is truly a wonderful find and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for something special in a very busy city. I will be sure to stay here the next time I travel to Washington! 
197441333	 My spouse and I really enjoy these kinds of Hotels, historic, period restored with a feel of the times when they were built. The staff couldn't have been nicer. Ready to help in whatever way they can, even to the point of going to a local CVS to get me some meds when I got food poisoning, (not at their restaurant). Upon a very late arrival, we were put in a small room due to a flight cancellation, but by the next day they had upgraded us to a 2 bed suite at no charge, probably because we were staying a week, but still that's the way to keep people happy, and build a great reputation. The Hotel is located about 5 minutes in between the Foggy Bottom Metro and the Farragut West Metro blue line stations, both of which give easy access to all of DC. The Smithsonian is about 3 stops away. Arlington is about the same in the other direction. If you stay here, some of the restaurants we liked we The Founding Farmers, 2 blocks walking, and Paul's Bakery, also 2 blocks. Enjoy your stay !! 
197309723	 Fantastic location. A ten minute walk and you can be on the Mall, Kennedy Center, or any number of restaurants in Georgetown. Only took a cab once to Capitol Hill. The hotel has an old school European feel. Service and Staff first rate, can't say enough! From the Doorman, Front Desk Staff, to the Housekeeping Staff, everyone was friendly and professional. Had breakfast in the restaurant. Fast service and reasonably priced. For me the bar was the special gem. Not too big, quite cozy, and a great place to end the day. Tillman was our bartender while we were there. He mixes a great cocktail, and gave us some nice places to check out. Be sure to stop in and see him. Keep in mind that the hotel was built in 1929, so the walls are a tad on the thin side, and you may occasionally hear your neighbor. There is also a service alley that runs along the rear of the property. The garbage trucks collect the trash early in the a.m., so see if you can book a room overlooking the park. The hotel has no control over thin walls, or garbage pickup times, but what they can control they do a masterful job of it. I would not hesitate to stay at this gem again. 
117909680	 In connection with a meeting in World Bank I stayed a couple of nights in this nice hotel located close to the White House on Pennsylvania Avenue. It is a relatively small hotel but very posh. Great location close to a number of good restaurants but also TGI's and Starbucks nearby. Across the square you find a CVS - 24/7 - shop with all you need. I stayed at 11th floor in a very nice room with a small kitchen and separate bath/wardrobe. Free wi-fi all over the hotel but reception in restaurant poor. Nice small restaurant and a cosy bar. Service good and personal with a very help some touch. All lived up to expectations and I will be back with my wife in October. 
117867230	 Affordable, close enough to everything we wanted to see and do and customer service of every member of the staff we encountered was impeccable, especially Wilson. Everything from check in to check out was fantastic! Thank you for a wonderful 3 days in DC, we&quot;ll be back. 
117565803	 We spent three nights at the Lombardy as part of a visit to tour the attractions that DC has to offer. The hotel is well situated and is in walking distance of the Whitehouse - 5 minutes, Mall 10 - 15 minutes, and the museums 10 - 20 minutes. It is also close to the Metro. For its situation this hotel offers value for money.<br/> Our bedroom/sitting area was spacious and included a separate area with a wet bar. This is a hotel that is older and has a certain character with creaking floorboards and a small bathroom. It is though clean and the bed was very comfortable and we did not hear any noise from adjacent rooms.<br/> On check in we were given complimentary breakfasts for our stay. There is a good choice - from the healthy options to the not so healthy. I can say we both found the breakfasts set us up well for the day.<br/>The staff were all helpful and provided us with a quality service from the check in staff - the breakfast crew - the bar tenders and the hotel porters thank you for helping to make our visit so enjoyable.<br/>As we did not drive I cannot comment on parking.<br/>Would we stay here again - Yes. 
117505465	 Perfect location 2 blocks from Metro but you can walk to most anywhere in the Mall area if you desire. We picked this hotel becuse of its location and old world charm and were not disappointed! We loved the cozy, yet elegant, Venetian Room bar and the small but elegant lobby. We were VERY pleasantly surprised at the excellent and very friendly staff and service. After reading some of the negative reviews we were a bit leary about that. Those fears proved to be totally unfounded. I would ABSOLUTELY recommend this establishment and would rebook there in a hearbeat for any future DC trips! 
117431251	 Girlfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights in June. Very enjoyable. Lovely quiet rooms. Staff were very friendly. Old world charm. Close to public transport. Bathroom is small but didn’t worry us. Good rate for a good quality hotel. 
117322095	 This was our first trip to DC, and I know I scoured all the reviews that I could read to have an informed decision about everything. <br/><br/>Walk about a mile from the Hotel Lombardy going west and you'll hit Georgetown, with its quaint stores and several dining areas. Walk straight on 21st Street headed North and you are there at Georgetown University (a block away). About a 30 minute walk is the really awesome Lincoln Memorial which is not crowded when you go really early (26:30;all you meet are joggers) . You pass by the Vietnam Memorial and the Korean Memorial. You can even walk to the WWII Memorial and the Washington Monument. From the Hotel, you can walk east all the way to 16th Street and be there at the White House and Renwick Gallery. Don't forget to take the TOUR for DAY. We took the Grayline Tour and the driver was very knowledgeable and had a wealth of information. <br/><br/>Staying @ Hotel Lombardy was the best choice because not only is it centrally located, but the staff is so friendly and accommodating. They even had bottled water every afternoon by our beds (highly appreciated) :) WE ate @ the hotel's restaurant and the food was EXCELLENT. After a day's tour, it was nice to just sit and relax and be served without any thought of walking another mile or looking for a place to eat at. There are several dining places by the hotel: just walk about and become familiar with your surrounding. WE definitely will come back again and stay @ the same hotel:) 
119952908	 All employees were very helpful and welcoming. The hotel was in a great location and had a warm atmosphere. 
119952374	 My husband and I have been to DC on short trips for years, usually staying at one of the large chains. Because we were only passing through for one night this time, and we wanted to see a show at the Kennedy Center, we decided to try the Hotel Lombardy. We're glad we did. A tip on this website steered us to a great rate through a historic preservation website. The hotel is cozy, comfortable and in a great location. Staff is friendly and helpful.<br/> Our room felt surprisingly large, with a side nook for an eating area with sink, microwave, and well stocked minirefrig., and another side nook for a dressing area, with closets on one side and the bathroom on the other - a good layout. {Now I'm pretty sure this was a ROOM, not a suite.}<br/> The bathroom is fine, but quite small - maybe not so good for 4 to a room, or for several children. We had a little trouble with the free internet access at first (ethernet cable, not wireless), but after a phone call to the help line, it worked well.<br/> The small cafe is attractive. The lunch menu looked good, but we arrived after hours. We enjoyed our breakfast there. On our Sat. night visit, the small bar was cozy and full (but not crowded) of pleasant, well-behaved folks. A group of two women would not feel uncomfortable, I think.<br/> The Foggy Bottom metro is fairly close, and the Kennedy Center operates a shuttle bus from that metro stop to the Center. Because of heavy rain that evening, we decided not to try it and opted for a cab instead. We were there in 5 minutes, paying little more than we would have for parking at the Center, and all the related headaches of driving in and out. Getting a cab back was no problem.<br/> Parking may be an issue for some folks. Since we were there only one night and got a great room rate, it was not an issue for us. If you have a car, valet parking is about your only option at about $36 a night. There may be some cheaper lots nearby (I don't know), but street parking is limited to about 2 hrs in the unlikely event you can find a spot. However, there is ample area to stop, check in, and unload directly in front of the hotel.<br/> We look forward to a return visit. 
119880941	 We spent two nights here and were very happy with our choice of accommodation.<br/><br/>Rooms were clean with modern amenities. Staff service was exceptional.<br/><br/>Breakfast was great also with very good service from the staff.<br/><br/>Good dining choices nearby. 
119803079	 The Hotel Lombardy is in a great location for a business trip to Washington--Eye Street near 20th. It is just two blocks from the Farragut West Metro station, so it is very convenient to National Airport via the blue line. The hotel is an older property, very well maintained, with lots of character. I have stayed several times, and like the fact that the rooms vary in layout and furnishings. All are well appointed with a desk and free internet. Room service is excellent-- selections from the Hotel's outstanding restaurant. There are lots of other restaurant choices available nearby. 
119788800	 I stayed here for a week and found it clean, with excellent service. I'm not sure why it's only a 3* hotel as I've stayed in many much worse 4* hotels. It's got a great location (10 minute stroll to the White House) and five from the Metro. I'll certainly go back when I'm next in DC. It has an old-style boutique feeling, but all of the amenities were modern and the bathroom was brand new. My only gripe was the external noise of trash being emptied at adjoining offices at 4AM, but there's not much the hotel can do about that. 
119511998	 Great staff clean hotel. Bathrooms could use an update. Close to GWU campus. The wireless internet was not working, they did remedy this 3 times. 
223338464	 The fact that the hotel is part of the Historic Hotels of America added to it's charm. The pillows are large and firm. House keeping didn't have alternative pillows to exchange, so expect a stiff neck if you're used to softer pillows. 
222954934	 This hotel is located a block from Georgetown Washington Univeresity and 5-7 minute walk from the subway station. The biggest plus of this hotel is that it's close to a very nice Wholefood grocery store 5 mintues away where it has a large cafe with lots of seats serving a large breakfast, lunch and dinner buffet, coffee bar, and etc. It's very convenient to get a delicious and healthy breakfast, lunch or dinner from Wholefoods plus any other sundry items. The hotel provided excellent services. After check-in, a staff member came by provided two complimentary bottled water. The room I got this time on the 10th floor has a good size bathroom including a vanity sitting area. The only issue is the AC unit in the vanity area is quite loud and can't be turned off. So one has to close the bathroom door at night to minimize the noise. All hotel staff are very friendly. It's a great value for this location. 
222941474	 Spent four days in DC as &quot;nana&quot; to my 4 month old grandson while my daughter attended GWU program. For the price, this hotel is exceptional. within short walks of two subway lines, 3 blocks from White House and literally a block and half from major GWU auditoriums and student center. The staff, doorman included, is exceptionally accommodating and friendly. We had a double room with separate kitchen area (which doubled as baby's crib room), and dressing alcove. It's a boutique style hotel on the European scale...and very charming. It is also surrounded by great places to eat that won't break the bank. We'll stay there again next year! 
222771485	 5 nights and 6 days at the Hotel Lombardy - and one word to describe the experience - FANTASTIC.<br/>The staff at this hotel are superb, catering to every need of yours, the rooms are old-world charm and really nice and the food is really good.<br/>What's even better for this hotel is that the location is great, close to all the attractions.<br/>I would recommend this hotel to everyone. 
222628085	 I will never stay anywhere else when I visit Washington DC. This is a wonderfully charming hotel in a very convenient location. Everyone was so friendly and helpful, hands down the best customer service I have ever received! 
222617282	 Stayed here one night on a quick trip to DC. Great boutique hotel, perfect location for walking to most tourist spots and right on Foggy Bottom metro stop. 2 quick stops to ballpark. Comfy bed. Breakfast at hotel was good, overpriced. Go to Founding Farmers one block away for any meal, great food and great drinks. Make reservation otherwise you can try to sit at bar. 
127681779	 So I booked this hotel through a travel agent and was looking for something close to all of the touristy sites in Washington DC. If you like walking, it's great but at least a 20 minute brisk walk to any of the memorials, museums, etc. The Hotel is CLEAN. Our room was quiet. The bathroom was clean but had some mildew around the tub. I'm surprised they let this happen as the rest of the place is spotless. This place is like a hundred years old but has been remodeled. I might add that the one elevator was the smallest one I've ever been on. The bellmen and front desk staff were knowledgeable and friendly. One thing you need to consider is that if you drive, they whack you $43.00 extra for parking, EVERY night you are there. There is NO WHERE else to park in the area overnight so you have to pay this ridiculous fee. I was promised from someone when I called the hotel ahead of time that there was free parking somewhere behind the hotel. This is NOT TRUE. I told the person at the front desk but they told me that there was NO free parking. I WAS NOT happy to say the least. Even though the walks were longer than I would have liked to the tourist areas and the HUGE parking fee, the hotel was nice and quiet, even though someone lied to me at the hotel about the free parking. Sorry, not for me. I won't be staying again. 
127609780	 I just checked out of this lovely boutique hotel yesterday morning, after staying for the weekend. From the moment that my cab pulled up on friday to the moment I walked out yesterday, I was treated amazingly. The bellhops were just so nice (seriously all of them); my favorite being the ever funny older moroccan gentleman. The cafe and it's breakfast were so delish. The front desk patrons were helpful and nice as well (the ladies at night were a lot nicer). The rooms...ahh the rooms. They were beautiful, sheek and had those small extra touches that you appreciate (art work, robes, a gorgeous bxw vanity table with chair, spacious extra rooms, amazing king bed, etc. Now my favorite thing at this hotel is their bartender, Josh. What a delight. He knows his drinks (I'm not a big drinker, but was on vacay and wanted to wind down), and is a mix of professional and funny. He knows how to charm and make you spend that money and is also a sweetheart. Overall for a Florida girl who hadn't been to D.C. before and was looking for a nice getaway, it was perfect. The management and owners, should be proud. A gem! 
127513636	 My Wife and I have spent six wonderful days @ the Lombardy for the second time in two years. We are looking forward to our next stay. All sights within walking distance. The title speaks for it self.Thank You,Mr &amp; Mrs F Bucaria North Carolina 
127444739	 I have been staying here regularly for more than 20 years. There is a funky elevator with an attendant to take guests up to there rooms which you seldom experience. The staff are excellent! It makes being away on business travel a pleasure. Always a glorious bouquet of fragrant flowers in the reception area and someone is always quickly available to assist you. The resturant serves an excellent breakfast, but a bit pricey. Rooms are like small apartments, with real art on the walls, eclectic furniture with Asian accents and windows that open. I recommend asking for a room that overlooks Pennsylvania Av and a lower level room in case elevator is slow and you want to walk the stairs. I was staying at Lombardy on Sept 11 and for the week that Airports were closed and i could not get home everyone there treated the guests with such compassion that I will never forget. 
127415600	 My first stay was WONDERFUL! Reminded me of a small boutique hotel in Paris. The room was small, but comfortable with a nice breakfast area. Decor was classy and traditional. The bed was SO comfortable. The best part was it was QUIET and I could get work done (with free wifi) and sleep when I needed it. The staff was very friendly and helpful. It is my new favorite hotel in DC! 
127257954	 Great place, would definitely stay there again. Had a room at the back on 7th floor and it was very quiet. Also, thanks to the thick carpet, we heard the person in room above walking only *very* faintly. My only complaint, and it's a small one, is the beds are of the type that transfers motion from one partner to the other. If you're spending the night alone, or you don't care about this, then it's a non-issue, but for me it was. Enough of an issue not to return, absolutely not, I love the place and will happily return when we next visit DC. 
121914747	 We came across this hotel via an internet travel site, and chose it because of the very good price and its convenient location. We were staying only one night, so we figured we could take a chance. We're so glad we did. The hotel is attractive, the staff is very friendly, the room was quite large and clean. The bathtub fixtures looked a little old and worn, and the towels weren't especially luxurious, so stay away if those things are important to you, but everything else was great. We were sorry we could stay only one night. We will definitely return to this hotel the next time we go to DC. 
121704066	 Excellent hotel, wonderfully situated. the room was big, clean and nice, the staff friendly and helpful. I'm looking forward to staying here again! 
121683326	 I stayed at Hotel Lombardy for six nights and had a wonderful stay. All of the staff were very friendly and helpful. My room was cozy, clean and very comfortable. The hotel has a very nice feeling to it. It is close to downtown, the White House, the National Mall and Georgetown. I walked everywhere or took the metro to farther away locations. Very convenient. I would definitely stay here on a return visit. 
121528394	 Upon my arrival on a Sunday afternoon, the doorman, car valet and front desk staff were very friendly and pleasant.<br/>I only stayed one night but everything was good. I had a Parkview suite which was clean &amp; spacious.. and it allowed me to work at a desk.. outside of the bedroom. (The price for this suite was comparable to a single room at other hotels) The bed was VERY comfortable.with more than enough quality pillows. ..I had meetings on the Monday, so I checked out that morning and the staff was very accommodating.. They took good care of my luggage for the day, as well as extended my parking privileges..When I came back later in the day, it was only a short time before I had my luggage, my car and I was on my way. Just two (minor) negatives, though.. The Internet connection is unstable and kept dropping.. It was difficult to stay connected continuously.. Next.. The 4:45am trash collection. Even though I was on the 4th floor and away from the dumpsters.. The noise was unsettling...especially at that hour of the morning.. in spite of these minor issues, I would highly recommend the Lombardy. Location, staff and value are tops. I would definitely stay there again. 
121369899	 We stayed here for 3 nights in November and it was perfect for sightseeing. We walked to all of the monuments and museums from here each day, it is only about a 15min walk to the White House. Lots of restaurants and cafes nearby, we were recommended the Founding Farmers which is across the road but it was booked out. The Italian restaurant right next door is fantastic. We didn't realise there is a whole strip of restaurants and cafes nearby near the university, we only found this on our last day when the cab drove past them! Restaurant in the hotel is ok, we only had cereal and toast so hard to judge. Staff had great recommendations and were helpful Rooms are nice, old fashioned and quaint but comfortable and with little kitchenettes. We asked for a room with a view and got bumped up into a suite, which was fantastic! We could see the Washington Monument right out our window. I would stay here again if sightseeing in Washington, it was so convenient and the price was really good - book online and you can opt for a non-refundable rate which is far less than the rack rate. They don't actually take if off your card until you stay so as long as you are locked in with your dates there is no risk. 
121106245	 My son and I stayed at the Hotel Lombardy in July, 2011. If far exceeded our expectations. It was clean, with comfortable beds, and great customer service. We were very lucky to get a nice, quiet room on the top floor. It is very conveniently located to a Metro station and the White House. My one regret is that we did not stay the second half of our trip at the Hotel Lombardy. After a brief side trip, we decided to try another hotel that was highly recommended to us that turned out to be a huge disappointment. We would definitely stay here again. 
135354014	 Stayed at Hotel Lombardy for a conference in DC. Small boutique hotel with lovely staff eager to please. Rooms are well appointed, if oddly laid out. Very well decorated, updated, comfortable. Wonderful eclectic bar on first floor that's great for hanging out, conversation, etc. Small restaurant serves breakfast, lunch, dinner but not open throughout the day. I'll definitely come back. 
135293250	 This hotel is a great find! The location is convenient to the White House and Georgetown. The small boutique feel of the hotel and excellent service make this a winner. <br/><br/>The room is a good size and the bathroom amenities are very nice. <br/><br/>I love the decor of the room and common areas of the hotel. It's very quaint and elegant. <br/><br/>The shutter style doors are especially unique. <br/><br/>Everyone was very friendly and offered tips about things to do. 
135088812	 Stayed here for one-night to be able to walk to our White House tour the next morning. Only reserved a standard king, but were upgraded to a suite looking out on Pennsylvania Ave since the hotel was not very full that night. These rooms are charmingly old-fashioned - the older style doors with crystal door knobs, antique light fixtures, antique furniture. Very clean and well-maintained. Towels were nice and thick. Pillows were SUPER plush - great for watching TV in bed. Staff was welcoming and helpful. Just remember the extra $40 for valet parking if you bring a car (standard rate for parking at hotels in DC). Would definitely stay here again. 
135066169	 We have stayed at the Lombardy once a year for the past four years. The last two years the pillows were replaced and they are so large that we cannot sleep on them. We asked for thinner pillows but I guess there were none available. Bring your own pillows and hopefully soon they will offer another type. 
134826040	 The Hotel Lombardy is exactly what a boutique hotel should be. The location (corner of 21st and Pennsylvania, across from GWU and a short walk to the White House) is absolutely ideal. The service is quiet, efficient, friendly and responsive. The rooms are beautifully appointed and impeccably clean, though a bit on the small side (which I didn't mind), with the right touches such as good wifi access, free robe, thirsty towels, comfortable beds and a great shower head. Complimentary overnight shoe shine is always a good bonus.<br/><br/>I absolutely loved the cafe for breakfast -- outstanding almond brioche french toast! Must have that again, the next time I'm back, and I absolutely will be back. 
134735177	 Had a great stay here the week of July 4, when DC was blazing hot and full of tourists. We felt comfortably tucked away in the Lombardy, which is not in the center of activity but still close to most DC attractions. The staff, restaurant, and lounge were all great. We had a parkview king suite - the room was huge, the bed was comfortable, the furnishings were old but nice and unique, and the separate sitting room with table/chairs/sink/fridge was a good touch. Unlike some reviewers, we didnt have a problem with street noise, but we were on the 8th floor. Some (minor) complaints: the bathroom is TINY. Like, closet tiny. Clean, with a great shower and sink - but TINY. And, as you can see from some of the reviewer photos, there was a big window in the shower. Not a big deal in milder months, but in early July, the heat coming from that window made a shower more of a sauna, even when I only used cold water. Easy enough to overlook, though, considering how great everything else was. I would definitely stay here again. 
29039039	 This hotel is a quaint European style hotel. The rooms are clean and for the most part spacious for the East Coast. Flat screen t.v.s, comfortable bed, good service. My only negative is the elevator. When reserving your room, ask to be away from the elevator. It is very noisy! The staff is friendly and helpful! 
28441033	 I stayed here for five nights with my teenage son for our first trip to DC. When we checked in, the manager offered three rooms, and suggested we stay on the fifth floor (as opposed to a higher floor) to avoid long waits for the elevator and opt for the stairs if we wanted. We always took the stairs down, but never had more than a two minute wait for elevator service going up. Staff was fairly attentive, sometimes there was a bit of hub-bub in the small, crowded lobby, and other times it was difficult to find someone to help get a taxi. Nightly turn-down service was inconsistent, I think we had it two nights out of five (?). Our room was charming, beds were comfortable, the big flat screen TV seemed out of place, but my son loved it. No toaster or microwave in kitchenette. Overall, a pleasant but not exceptional stay. 
28427549	 Based on the reviews here, I decided to give the Lombardy a try. I am a frequent traveler to the Foggy Bottom area of DC and have stayed in a few of the local hotels. It is my goal to be within walking distance of GW University. This hotel is in the area. It is not as close to the Foggy Bottom metro as some would suggest.<br/>Contrary to some of the other reviews, my experience with service was, at best, mediocre. Staff is forced to do multiple functions, including going off site to retrieve parked cars. This means that the 2 old style elevators are often unmanned. If you are not familar with DC, I definitely do not recomend this hotel as there is no one there to advise you. In addition, there was nothing in the room detailing the hotel. When I went to the front desk to ask for such information, they had nothing to give me.<br/>The bar and restaurant are wonderful. Drinks at the bar are typical city prices $12-$15 for a martini. Food is excellent.<br/>Now, for my biggest complaint...the NOISE!!!Please note, that if you stay in a older hotel in the city, you will hear city noise at a much more significant level than you would at one that has better soundproofing windows. Now, couple that with the elevators that run constantly, noise is a problem. I had a large suite with a lovely view of Pennsylvania Ave. as well as a courtyard view in my bedroom. Unfortunately, this courtyard that has been mentioned in other reviews also is adjacent to dumpsters...yes, pickup is some time around 6:30 am.<br/>Older hotels have squeaky floors. Mine squeaked and so did the floors above me. Also note, you will hear when your neighbors on the floors above you decide to make their midnight bathroom run, or for that matter, any time they choose to go! The advantage, though, was that I did not encounter the usual hall noise found in newer hotels. Little slamming of doors, except by the staff using service doors. Received the Washington Post everyday. One could receive free coffee downstairs. Bed was wonderfully comfortable. Always had to ask for more towels- only received two. Oddly furnished. We had one large armoire in the living room which housed a nice flat screen tv - the only problem is that it hid 1/4 of the screen! - the piece was very awkward for the room which also had a rather cheap unstable coffee table. It was clear it was an attempt to modernize the suite by adding an Oriental touch - just seemed odd and haphazard.<br/>Bathroom is tiny! <br/>Overall, I would suggest another hotel, ESPECIALLY if you are new to DC. This hotel is not conducive to providing assistance, suggestions, or providing any &quot;concierge type&quot; services even including getting a cab! 
28352364	 The previous rave reviews are exactly right. This is a fantastic hotel. We stayed in suite 304 and paid $143 for two nights and $215 for two nights (plus tax). We thought an average of $175 per night to be a great deal for such a spacious suite, especially considering the price quotes we were getting elsewhere. The location is okay, but not in the heart of things. But it’s close to METRO stops and you can walk to the White House.<br/><br/>My family of two adults and two children greatly appreciated the roominess of the suite. You enter to a big, empty hallway, perfect for shedding shoes, bags, coats and other things that usually clutter up the room. The bathroom is off this hallway, which adds some privacy. <br/><br/>I wish I could have packed up the king-size bed and its soft, white bedding and taken the whole thing home with me. There was a WALK-IN CLOSET in the bedroom that my kids turned into a clubhouse. Again, there was room to spare. The living room had a pull-out for the kids to share. I’m sure they would have preferred separate beds, but, hey, you can’t have it all! The desk, with Ethernet cord, was against a window overlooking the street, which gave it a cozy feel.<br/><br/>Then, there’s the “kitchen.” At first I was disappointed with it because I was expecting dishes and pots and pans with burners to cook on. Actually, THERE WASN’T EVEN A MICROWAVE, just a small refrigerator and a sink and a little table with two chairs. However, I really grew to appreciate once again having the extra space and a place away from the main area to put and prepare food. Also, for some reason, the coffee machine made the best coffee I’ve ever had in a hotel room (just use water for three instead of four cups).<br/><br/>The door and elevator staff made us feel like welcomed guests at all times. They were the greatest. We didn’t even use the elevator much and instead just walked up.<br/><br/>There is a lot of activity (and construction) around nearby George Washington University. By all means walk to the TRADER JOE’S on the other side of Washington Circle for unusual and healthy food to go and for cheap but good wine. Also consider NOOSHI (close by and with accessible hours) and TEAISM. The very close JOHNNY ROCKETS was a godsend. Surprisingly, I’ve never eaten in one because they are usually too crowded. This one always had plenty of seats, had long hours (very important in DC), and was the perfect place to unwind with food and ice cream after a day of sightseeing. I also saw a TGI FRIDAYS nearby. There is a small indoor mall across the street from the hotel, but you might not notice it at first. It has a false façade of historic row houses on the outside. Inside are restaurants and a CVS.<br/><br/>MINOR COMPLAINT: This applies to this hotel and too many others. Why can’t they consistently stock the room with amenities and do so based on the number of occupants? We had four people. The room had one robe and three towel sets. One day you would get four wrapped plastic cups, the next day none. Or perhaps no regular coffee. This just seems to happen all the time at hotels. They were great about bringing the stuff they had forgotten to the room, but maybe we didn’t want the interruption. 
27615256	 It's been a long time since I've stayed in a hotel with an elevator operator. The rooms at the Lombardy are very cute, with adorable kitchenettes. Like many urban boutique properties, the charm does not extend to the common areas, which are narrow and dark. <br/><br/>The location is convenient to business on K St. 
27297826	 My family loved the Hotel Lombardy so much, I felt compelled to write a review myself.<br/>I have raved about it to all our friends and family and would highly recommend to ANYONE staying in the DC area who would like a top notch stay at a hotel which gives value for the money spent. The suites are quite large, well appointed and the turn down service was a added surprise. We felt we could live there! The Cafe Lombardy was a great place for a healthy breakfast in the morning. 
133848271	 This is a must stay at hotel!! Everything is decorated in such lovey way! The people are friendly, the beds are so comfortable!! The staff is super friendly, I would go back in a heat beat!! We did not eat at the restaurant due to the lack of vegan food but it looked charming as well! If you go in the right season ( we went during October) the prices are great! It is within walking distance of everything, including the white house, the memorials, Smithsonian and many restaurants! The one downside ( which I thought was funny) was our room was level with a Constitution group next door, so you had to watch undressing in front of the mirror! 
133743041	 We loved everything about the Lombardy, from the clean and quiet to the wonderful bedding, complimentary shoe shining at night, everyone was very plesent and helpful, smiling in the summertime heat, and explained DC on street parking. Make sure to have a cheap breakfast at the Penn Grill around the corner..<br/> 
133605497	 My wife and I stayed here for the first time for the nights of the 3rd and 4th of July. Our room was on the 10th floor. We were amused by the funky black shutter doors - sort of giving the place a southern feel. In reading many of the previous reviews, it looks like they have quite a variety of rooms. We had a king bed room, but there was no refrigerator or kitchenette. Fortunately, we had a cooler with us to keep some beverages and snacks cold. BUT, we had to call the front desk to have ice delivered to the room - there is no ice machine available for guests! Also, there was no ice bucket, so I don't know where you'd keep the ice if you didn't bring a cooler. The bathroom was very small, and only had a narrow shelf above the sink and toilet on which to keep our stuff. There were a few rough edges in the preparation of the room; when we checked in, there was only one bath towel! Fortunately, there was a maid right outside, and she gave us a couple more. Also, while there was an iron in the closet, we had to request an ironing board. Despite these shortcomings, the staff were all very friendly and helpful. There is evening turndown service where they close the curtains, turn on a light and drop off a couple of bottles of water. Because we had showered after returning from a hot day at Nationals Stadium, we even had our towels replaced when the maid visited the room! The air conditioner was fairly quiet, and there was a ceiling fan over the bed to help move the cool air around. The bed was very comfortable, and there was an abundance of pillows. The location is great - our walk to the Mall for fireworks only took about 15 minutes. The DC Circulator buses stop very near by, and are only $1.00 with free tranfers within a two-hour period. The front desk gave us a map of the routes. 
133588660	 My girlfriend and I took the trip down to Washington DC in the beginning of July to see the sights and sounds. From the minute we pulled up to the hotel, the staff was willing and ready to ensure our check in process was simple and quick. The Valet Parking was incredibly convenient seeing as how it is otherwise impossible to find a spot in DC and the front desk staff was very friendly. We received our keys instantly and a map to the area. The elevator is incredibly tiny, but I guess that adds to the charm of the place. We stayed on the 11th floor and our room was incredible. It was very clean and spacious especially for the price that we had paid. The Lombardy had hands down the most comfortable bed and pillows I have ever slept in. The Air Conditioner was another huge plus. It was 100 degrees when we stayed so it was nice to be able to come back to a nice clean, cool room. As far as location is concerned, it is in the perfect spot as well. Minutes away from the White House and the mall it is a very easy walk to and from the nations capitol buildings. If you stay here, make sure you book a reservation with Founding Farmers across the street for some great food as well. All in all, I was very satisfied with the Lombardy and I will stay here again should I return to DC. 
133465196	 If you love the city and old buildings with lots of character, this is your place in DC. The hotel has updated interiors, so it is very nice and you cannot beat the location. There was a small refrigerator in the room and an extra sink. Search the web for a good price. Lots of great restaurants within a few blocks. Founding Farmers for breakfast is terrific - if you don't make a reservation (like us) for dinner, GOOD LUCK - it is very popular. Kinkeads is wonderful, just bring money. They also had a pretty good gym. 
133353552	 This was my first visit to Washington DC related to a Conference. I happened to be in Hotel Lombardy for a release of a report by one of the Network Organization. I loved the location and the facilities there. 
175581885	 This hotel was very convenient to the mall and the White House. We were also able to walk to DuPont Circle and Georgetown. Service was excellent. We did not eat in the restaurant so I cannot comment on that. But the hotel is an excellent value 
175550449	 This was our headquarters in Washington, DC, for many family members and wedding guests last September. We converged from Hawai'i, California, Turkey, and many East Coast points to celebrate for a three day weekend. More than forty of us were pampered guests at the historic Hotel Lombardy - conveniently located next door to the wedding venue - The Arts Club of Washington. The hotel rooms are clean and large. Beds were comfy. Staff was incredibly courteous and willing to help on all of our requests - with smiles, punctuality and professionalism. Our guests found many walkable destinations from the hotel for their visit to DC. The day of the wedding brought forth a deluge from the heavens, and all of the guests were escorted to the Arts Club with huge umbrellas. We also had an expansive brunch for 40 the day after the wedding in the Board Room - reviewed by family members as &quot;the best breakfast &quot; on their trip. We'll be back. 
175170789	 Wonderful bed, nice linens, huge room, lovely attentive staff, good location. Not a cookie cutter place. Very clean. I enjoyed my stay completely. In fact, I stayed an extra day. Only drawback to comfort was the upholstered furniture seats had seen better days and the wi-fi was a little slow. Otherwise, excellent. 
174898482	 Spent 2 nights here with my fiance and loved the hotel. The location is wonderful and staff were so helpful. The hotel is clean and beautifully presented. A great experience for our first time in Washington. We couldnt have asked for anything better 
174556267	 Spent two nights at the Lombardy as we moved our daughter into George Washington University and would certainly return. Rate was quite reasonable for the Parkview Suite with a very comfortable king bed and unfortunately uncomfortable pull out couch for daughter. Lesson learned but she was only with us for the first night. Boutique hotel was clean and charming. Staff was attentive and kind. Good breakfast in the adjacent restaurant but pay attention as they automatically add 18% gratuity to the bill. Valet parking was expensive at $36/day but we had unlimited access for the move in and what can you expect in Foggy Bottom? Other than the pull out couch the only other 'nit' was the mini fridge which didn't seem to work. I let the front desk know about this but it wasn't addressed before we departed on that Sunday. Fabulous location for us just a block from the GW campus so we will certainly consider this hotel again but likely also try others in the immediate area. 
174507133	 I recently stayed at the Hotel Lombardy in Washington D.C., and enjoyed it immensely. From the moment we arrived, a door man helped us in and took our luggage to our room. The staff was always willing to lend a hand whenever needed during our four night stay. This hotel was also just down the road from Major attractions including the National Mall and the White House. There are a few good restaurants for breakfast and lunch across the street in an indoor shopping center disguised as row houses and a CVS pharmacy inside there as well. I enjoyed my room as it had a separate room with a kitchen counter with sink including a coffee machine and small refrigerator, and sitting area. The beds were also nice and comfy. The staff brought water bottles to our room every afternoon which was very much appreciated. The bartender in the lounge was also hilarious and very helpful. Great place for your stay in DC. The only downfall was the pool was at another nearby hotel, which did not matter during our trip because we were to busy with all the attractions to swim. 
117253109	 Good location - if you like to walk, you can walk to the White House, the Mall, and Georgetown. And Metro and Circulatory (buses) are only a few blocks away.<br/><br/>The staff has consistently been responsive. The room is clean and the beds and bedding are in good shape and comfy.<br/><br/>The issues we've had:<br/><br/>Wifi only worked for one of our 6 days. We asked for them to fix this every day. We were told the routers are stored in guest rooms, and they couldn't reboot the one we access because there is a do not disturb sign on that room's door!<br/><br/>We ordered the same breakfasts every day for room service - sides of eggs - and what we got wasn't consistent - different amount of eggs, sometimes charged for the toast and sometimes not...<br/><br/>There's no fan in the bathroom. 
117230357	 It's been a while since I stayed at this hotel but I still remember the experience. The room I was assigned to was super big! It was almost like an 1BR apartment. The room was nicely decorated too. The staff were friendly and price was reasonable. I'd like to stay here again when I visit DC with my family. 
117098132	 Had two rooms - one a king, the other a suite. Large, comfortable, very tastefully decorated. Each with a kitchenette (a surprise to us). Exactly halfway between the White House and Georgetown -- walkable in good weather either way. Very professional staff. Restaurant on site was charming with good service and good food. Clearly an older hotel, but the upgrades added much sophistication. An excellent value if staying in Washington close to GWU, monuments, Kennedy Center and/or government offices. Will stay again gladly. 
116962379	 A very good hotel that is within walking distance of the White House, and the Triangle. It has a quaint old style decor, but it's facilities are up to modern standards. The rooms have been converted to meet modern expectations so have some unusual shapes, but they are clean and very comfortable. The staff are all friendly and knowledgeable. The restaurant is pricey and if you stay at the weekends all the eating places in the neighbourhood are closed because they cater for the office staff that surround the hotel. There is a metro station a few blocks away and it is possible to walk to the harbour where there are many restaurants and a lively evening atmosphere. 
116832079	 Stayed 6 nights at this hotel and everything was as it should be. Check-in was smooth and front desk staff was courteous. The hotel staff in general were very courteous and always willing to help. <br/><br/>The room was clean, comfortable and had everything you would need during a stay. The room had a kitchen area with a refridgerator and a small table with 2 chairs. The hotel had free internet (wireless and cable), but the cable did not work for me. The wireless I heard did not work for some of my colleagues, but was ok for me. The hotel also had a bar and restaurant, although I didn't use either place. <br/><br/>There are some dining options nearby the hotel, although most restaurants in the immediate area close early. The White House is only a short walk away. 
116763986	 Just spent one night there; the room was impeccably clean, big, with super-comfortable beds. Staff was friendly and welcoming. Too bad i did not have time to ckeck out the restaurant in the lobby. Would love to stay there again. 
192901403	 Handy location near GWU and two metros stations couple blocks away, this is our second stay here. Large suite-like rooms with separate kitchen/fridge and coffee-maker. Waffle bathrobes, nice linens, frette towels. No slippers and too fat pillows. I wish pillows were softer, my neck hurt afterwards all day. Bellboys, bartender in Venetian all super and helpful, thanks. Will stay again, maybe they will get sofert slmmer pillows in the meantime.... 
191814832	 First the positives <br/>+Probably best location in town<br/>+spacious rooms<br/>+good food prep areas in the room helpful for longer trips<br/><br/>Negatives:<br/>-expensive parking (particularly as I was not told there was a charge in advance)<br/>- bundled &quot;continental&quot; breakfast was very poor<br/>- front of house staff highly variable quality, doormen and porters often more interested in checking their phones than helping (or even acknowledging) clients<br/>- gym was comically awful<br/>- poor after sales service - I raised many of these points directly with management and my emails were ignored. Will not be returning based on this alone. 
191719510	 The price is right for this old world, charming hotel. However the paper thin walls are clearly wrong. I had to call down to the front desk to complain at 3am during the first night of my stay becasue of an arguing couple next door. The following night the creaking floor boards from rooms around me also kept me up. Should i be entitled to some sort of compensation for this? <br/>The staff were pleasant and helpful during check in and check out. The room was very well appointed.<br/><br/>Overall I would stay again but I would bring a pair of ear plugs. 
191700669	 Lovely hotel in a great location just a few blocks from the White House. Small and old fashioned, but with lovely big rooms and the bed was really comfortable and dressed with quality linens. Bathroom was huge, with a small dressing area and there was a big closet. It was nice and really quiet (apart from what sounded like a garbage truck at the crack of dawn most mornings). <br/>There is free wifi, you are offered bottled water at night, and a free newspaper in the morning. We had booked the hotel for several nights at the start of a trip and we liked it so much we went back for a couple of nights at the end of the trip, which I think speaks for itself. <br/>Didn’t have much interaction with the staff other than the doormen, who are charming. 
191602861	 I lost count of the number of hotels I stayed in, all I can remember is that they are many, and in different parts of the world, Lombardy is one that I can't forget, and one of the very few to remember. The hotel was very clean, the decor was fabulous, it just take the one into a trip to the past, to a beautiful era. The staff are so friendly, and it shows since the arrival, the check it didn't consume a lot of time. I feel that I should mention one of them who was so helpful, her name is chiffon, I urge the management of Lombardy to reward to her at the soonest as she is a very good example of how good an employee can be. 
191421893	 We have been staying at Hotel Lombardy for several years, on those occasions when we come into DC for business, a performance at the Kennedy Center, or a short get-away for pleasure. We are a family of four and two rooms always suffice, allowing us comfort at an affordable rate. The rooms are large and immaculate, with a separate minibar/sitting room and a bright, clean bathroom. The hotel is small and intimate. We enjoy the peaceful simplicity, without large dining rooms, enormous conference centers or high traffic lobbies. It's a true boutique hotel - small, quiet, elegant and very personal. The staff are genuinely friendly and helpful, without being too pretentious. Again, this speaks to the hotel's charm. The small dining room and cozy lounge offer deliciously prepared meals with fresh and flavorful ingredients. We always enjoy having a meal here. The location is superb for jaunts around town and business meetings, as well as being within walking or shuttle distance of the Kennedy Center (a complimentary red van transports patrons to-and-from the Foggy Bottom Metro, which is just steps away from the hotel). As we are frequent visitors to DC, we find the Hotel Lombardy reliable, enjoyable and friendly. It's an easy choice for us to always make our reservations here! 
217847711	 This was not our first time in DC, but it was our first time staying here. We came with a small wedding party. We did not make our reservations at the same time as our friends, but the hotel was very accommodating in getting us all on the same floor. Very charming rooms, friendly staff, and a great location will bring is back next time we're in DC. 
217719906	 We were only in DC for a night, but I was really impressed with this hotel. Such charm, and we had a lovely room...wish we'd been able to stay here longer! Nice staff, and very friendly bellboy. The location is great although we were on a private tour for most of the day so I'm not sure exactly how far it was from the National Mall etc. But would definitely recommend to anyone! 
217579070	 My husband and I stayed here for our final night prior to an early morning flight out of Dulles.<br/><br/>We drove into D.C. from Virginia and while the hotel is easy to find, it is off a kind of slip road and there were road works as well so we had to go round the block twice before we could work out where to park!<br/><br/>The hotel were great at providing us with an early check in, and because the room type we'd booked wasn't free they upgraded us. A lovely sized room and sitting room for such a central location. The sitting room overlooked Pennsylvania Ave and it was quite noisy but the bedroom faced away from the road so was absolutely fine noise wise. <br/><br/>We obviously arrived at a very busy time and the bell guy/door man wasn't as helpful as he could have been. However, it was busy and absolutely tipping it down with rain. <br/><br/>Due to busy-ness we weren't given any introduction to our room, so didn't find the mini bar until after we'd ordered room service and didn't know where the coffee was the following morning. Also when we left the hotel after checking in and was trying to catch a taxi, the doorman said he was too busy to help us, so we were in the middle if the road, not really sure which direction we wanted to go and didn't get any help.<br/><br/>Other than that, the hotel really was good. We had a huge king size bed which was super comfortable, the bathroom was great and the sitting room was also good.<br/><br/>It's well located to get into downtown areas. Also the fact it's on the west side of town meant easy access to the airport. Would be more than happy to stay here again if we were back in DC. 
217511671	 I wote a review once before for the hotel, but realized I didn't indicate how much I enjoy the restaurant. The menu is excellent, the wonderful waiter knows the menu and can advise you on gluten free. In addition to a great meal with excellent service, you get a lovely view out the window. 
217464190	 We stayed here recently for a two night whirlwind visit of the city and Smithsonians. This hotel is very well located right by George Washington Univ. and within walking distance of the metro and monuments. There is a whole foods 2 blocks away, as well as several Asian and Indian resturants close by. Our room was comfortable and well appointed. The drawback was that we were on the third floor, right by where they picked up trash every morning at 4:25 am. Even white noise couldn't block it out. Not restful... which is a shame, because the beds are super comfy! Also, I didn't want to valet park and the manager at the front desk staff wasn't happily cooperative in helping me understand other options. Finally one of the staff stepped forward to let me know of several other parking garages in the area that were less money and you could park your own car. That worked out perfectly. I give the staff at this hotel high marks for being pleasant and helpful. I would stay here again, just ask about a quieter room option, adn know ahead of time another garage (2200 Pennsylvania Avenue garage) to use. 
217003917	 A lot of the extended family stayed here for a wedding last month and we were all charmed by it. Easy access by Metro, shops nearby, walking distance to Mall &amp; White House, short cab ride to Kennedy Ctr, friendly staff, excellent service/good food in the Venetian Room, and I do not remember when I last slept so well or so comfortably. (I actually wrote upon my return to NYC, asking what pillows/mattresses they used - they promptly replied, and I've ordered both for my apartment.) I reported a problem with our A/C on the way out to get breakfast one morning and came back to find a technician already fixing it. Complaints? 1) Water doesn't drain well in the shower (but the water pressure's excellent) . 2) They've got a great little vanity area outside the bathroom that would be so perfect if only it had better lighting. Neither of those would keep me from staying there again. This would be my first choice on future visits. 
240774487	 Our hotel is small, comfortable and perfect for a stay in Washington. It is close to all the major tourist sites and metros. It is situated on a main road and I would ask for a room situated at the rear of the hotel. Our room was comfortable and very clean with an adjacent kitchen, although the kitchen had no utensils of any kind?? The staff were friendly and helpful although it would have been good if the receptionist took the gum out of her mouth when speaking with guests. The little bar down the end of the corridor was very pleasant for a pre dinner drink. Washington closes down after dark and we found the choice of restaurants very limited. The two recommended by the hotel staff were fully booked. 
240278261	 Since our son has been attending George Washington University, this has been our first choice when visiting (we have stayed here at least 6 times). Not only is the location excellent for visiting GWU, but it is a pleasant 10-15 minute walk to all of the major tourist attractions - the White House, Mall, Monument, etc. Plus, for those who don't mind a longer walk, Georgetown can be reached in 20 minutes max. <br/>The hotel itself has a lot of charm. If you are used to Four Seasons and Ritz Carltons, then this may not be the place for you, but we prefer the coziness of a place like this. The beds are excellent, the staff is very pleasant and willing to help, and there is a small restaurant on the ground floor which prepares an excellent breakfast (though service may sometimes be a little slow at peak hours). <br/>Overall, I definitely recommend Hotel Lombardy as a great place when visiting Foggy Bottom/Georgetown area - it is also priced reasonably compared to many other hotels. 
240000207	 We had the good fortune of choosing this hotel for our visit to D.C. The first thing that struck me was the friendliness of the staff. I would especially like to thank London, Idrissa, Henry and Catherine for their help and patience as they gladly with a smile helped us learn the sites to see and routes to take as well as setting up our D.C. tour. They were so approachable and helpful. The room are so clean and comfortable. The hotel is close to many of the sites that there is to see and close to the Metro which facilitated getting around. Once again I thank the hotel and its staff for making our visit to DC so enjoyable. 
239740382	 We chose this hotel hotel for its location. It's close to the National Mall and two metros. What we didn't care for was the noise and intrusion so early in the morning. It was difficult to sleep in due to the vacuuming early in the morning. The housekeepers opened the door to our room twice while we were still sleeping. On our last day we were erroneously presented with a mini bar bill. We did let the front staff know of their mistake and they took care of it. Hotel Lombardy, you need to work on making sure your guests are able to sleep in peace. 
239714727	 We stayed at the Lombardy for three nights, attending our nieces wedding. We loved the hotel, and had a great experience. Everyone we encountered was friendly and helpful. Our room was small, but adequate. We asked for an iron and ironing board, and it was promptly delivered to our room. We had windows that faced office buildings, but that did not matter to us, we did not spend that much time in our room.<br/>The bed was SO comfortable, slept very soundly. Yes, we did hear a few ambulances during the night, but not enough to interrupt sleep. We did not eat in the restaurant, but my niece had her rehearsal dinner at the hotel, and the food was OUTSTANDING. The location is very walkable, and we did walk to most everything. There is a Whole Foods a few blocks away that we ate at several times. We used the Foggy Bottom metro stop, and that was convenient as well. All in all, we were quite pleased with the hotel, the amenities, and the rate. 
239295659	 This place might be historic or something but it's OLD!!! They &quot;tried&quot; to update with a flat screen TV, swipe key entry and a new shower head BUT THAT'S IT!! Felt like I was in my great great grandmom house or a scene out of &quot;Gone with the wind&quot;. Old squeaky floors, heard every conversation in the hallway about some girl not being able to take selfies that night in her room. They had a ceiling fan that you had to stand on the bed to turn on or off. An old crusty looking window in the shower from Bates motel. Just creepy!! I wish I had 9 thumbs to give this hotel 90 thumbs down...<br/><br/>Side note...THERE CRAB CAKES ARE THE BOMB!!!! They have a GREAT restaurant with an excellent staff. One dark skinned guy from the islands was the BEST!! 
74344411	 Pros: great location; very large room; good price (two nights: $286, after taxes); incredibly quiet, considering the proximity of the street; good coffee (carried it up to the 2nd floor myself at $3.80 for a small pot); close to Founding Farmers restaurant (highlight of the trip), extremely clean; very comfortable king-sized bed.<br/><br/>Cons: air conditioner is loud. 
73965528	 You cannot beat this hotel for location and Old Wold charm. It is an old Washington DC mansion next door to the house where James Monroe lived as Secretary of State and even for part of his Presidency. It is two blocks to the Metro and a short walk to Georgetown. The rooms are small but a real bargain. Think of it as a European Hotel. 
73449041	 My husband and I just returned from a weekend in Washington D.C. We spent one night at hotel Lombardy. I was very impressed with the hotel, it's a small, well maintained, very clean boutique hotel in the heart of D.C.! It's only blocks from the White House, about 10 minute walk to the National Mall, 15 minutes from Georgetown area and 10 minutes away from Dupont Circle - you don't need to use any transportation if you choose to stay here, just get comfortable shoes:) The staff was very friendly and the service was excellent! There's valet parking only which is expensive, there are many parking garages in the area which are a less expensive option. The room was very spacious, clean, and its greatest pro was the bed - the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in! The sheets, the bedding were also top of the line! This hotel is a great value for a fraction of the price of some of the other hotels in the area. There are a lot of restaurants, starbucks, cafes in the area. I can't wait to go back, would highly recommend Hotel Lombardy! 
72469522	 We were overwhelmed by the deco as we stepped into the hotel. Each room has a small kitchen section with fridge and sink, a dressing area with the most gorgeous dressing table. The bathroom is on the small size, but why need a big room for a shower anyway?! 2 hugh double bed, ceiling fans and air con, free internet and newspaper. The location is between 2 metro stations, walking distance, and it is away from the central noise and crowd - we were glad as there was a BBQ festival in central when we were there and we wouldn't want to be living near when the road was closed. We didn't eat or drink at the hotel, so can't comment on that. Underground secured carpark. If arriving by car, you will have to unload your bags rather quickly as the spaces directly outside the hotel are loading only, and seems to be constantly occupied by cabs. But no sweat, the the porter was the most friendliest and helpful. Oh, one thing that's a bit of a shame is that there is only one lift that fit about 4 ppls with no suitcase. Conclusion: Good pick and highly recommended. 
71065533	 The location of this hotel sells it, 2 blocks either side from the metro (Foggy Bottom &amp; Farragut west -Blue &amp; Orange lines), 4 blocks from the White House. Loads of restaurants around the area, highly recommend the Founding Farmers, really lovely food. Loads of Starbucks around but the Foggy Bottom Metro is the only one that opens late. The hotel itself is very clean &amp; with very quirky rooms, shutter on the doors of the rooms (blocks the eye spy in the door though). There is a kitchenette with coffee maker, fridge, sink &amp; table &amp; chairs but we felt that this was a bit of a waste of space as the bathroom was very tight &amp; the extra room would have been nicer in the bathroom/bedroom area. We could also hear the air conditioning from another room when our’s was off in room 507. That said I would definitely recommend Hotel Lombardy &amp; stay again. 
68646976	 Staying at Hotel Lombardy has been a wonderful experience. It's as beautiful as indicated in the pictures, and it's a good deal (my husband was suspicious I'd splurged when he saw how attractive the hotel was, until he found out how reasonable the price was - got an especially good deal by reserving the hotel in conjunction with airfare on Yahoo Travel). The hotel even smells good when you walk in. The staff are very friendly and attentive (special kudos to the doormen and maids), and the hotel is walking distance to the White House, Georgetown, and close to the Farragut West metro station. Despite the relative luxury, the staff and clientele are unpretentious. Because it's an older building, the scale of the rooms is small, and once hotel guests are up and about in the morning, you may hear their voices in the hall, or faint footsteps overhead. But this is understandable given the old infrastructure of the building. Also, because of the central location, parking is limited - you either have to pay daily for valet parking or a nearby garage, or find metered parking. My husband and I chose to dispense with a car since the hotel is 3 blocks from Metro and therefore easily accessible to most D.C. attractions.<br/><br/>Our &quot;studio&quot; room is very charming - a king bed, a breakfast nook with table and chairs, and between the bedroom and bathroom, a tiny anteroom with a large closet and a small easy seat, table, and mirror. The Washington Post is delivered outside your door every morning. There are a variety of restaurants (including vegetarian, Thai, Indian, Italian, Peruvian, sports bars, cafes) within a 3-block radius, and also nearby are two full-service gyms which offer short-term memberships. Staying at this hotel has been one of the highlights of our visit to Washington D.C., and has been very convenient to exploring the city. I would definitely stay here again, and recommend it highly to others!! 
144747171	 We spent 4 nights at the Lombardy. The first night we spent in a deluxe king room with a small kitchenette; sink and fridge in sleek stainless steel. Our DC daughter decided that she wanted to stay with us the rest of our stay and the very accommodating desk staff moved us to a two-room suite with a pull out couch, which apparently was quite comfortable. The move allowed us a view of the park and Penn. Avenue activity.<br/><br/>One complaint: the pillows are hard as a rock, although there were alot of them. I'd rather have two great pillows than six hard ones.<br/><br/>We loved the feel of this hotel--it is a Historic Hotel of America, through the National Trust for Historic Preservation. These hotels are generally one of a kind and so much more interesting to visit than the vanilla chains. The Lombardy was once an apartment building and the rooms feel like small apartments.<br/><br/>We were very impressed with everyone who we came in contact with on staff--very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was wonderful but expensive (the french toast is amazing.) We spent some time in the dark and intimate bar and had a dinner in the Venetian Room. The crab cakes did not disappoint. Mohemmed was a very cordial and attentive waiter.<br/><br/>Location of the Lombardy is excellent for visits to both the National Mall and the White House.<br/><br/>Thanks, Lombardy, for a memorable and comfortable stay. 
144717670	 We used this hotel as a base from which to explore DC and were not disappointed in our choice. Much of the old character of the building has been retained which gives the hotel a nice feel lacking in the larger chains. Our room was a perfectly adequate size, in good condition and very clean. Surprisingly the hotel has no pc facilities available for guests' use, which I would have thought was pretty much mandatory these days. Guests have to forward emails to the front desk to get any printing done; what a waste of their time! The White House area is within an easy walk as are good restaurants. We went into the bar a couple of times, pleasant enough but watch the $s fly away! 
144711547	 Old fashioned hotel in downtown DC between White House and Georgetown. Enjoyed a charming corner room. <br/>A delicious breakfast in the elegant cafe.<br/>Friendly and helpful staff.<br/>A quiet inside bar for relaxing after strolling museums. Here you can fall asleep with no worry :-) 
144697754	 The hotel is older but warm and inviting. The doorman are welcoming, friendly and helpful. The housekeeping personnel are fantastic and quick to provide you with what you need. Room service was so nice? Only two negatives. One is that some of the front desk people need to be a little more friendly. Very clean and great location. The second is the pillows. Way too thick and uncomfortable to sleep on. Otherwise great hotel. 
144493023	 We came for a quick weekend getaway. The quarters were clean and fairly comfortable. It was worth the sale price we got but not the full price. The location is great for the restaurants and activities around Foggy Bottom - it's a bit of a walk for Capitol Hill, though. The staff was modestly helpful - perhaps a bit below average in DC. Unfortunately, our room was above the kitchen - so it was a fairly stinky experience. I don't think we would stay here again but I wouldn't avoid it, either. 
144343942	 Spent 4 nights here, including during the hurricane, a lovely hotel, very large rooms, clean, welcoming and friendly. Restaurant was good and location is great. A very nice hotel to stay at the only drawback is the bathrooms are older style and in need of a bit off a re-do. They're perfectly clean and serviceable but older in style. A lovely hotel, would be happy to stay there again. 
126359149	 This was our third stay at Hotel Lombardy. We love the location, attentive employees and sweet, clean rooms! 
126329630	 My son and I stayed for several days. The location was great! We walked everywhere - White House, Lincoln Memorial with the Korean War and Vietnam Memorials, even the cherry blossoms were blooming while we were there. Lots of great restaurants from burgers to fine dining nearby. I had read that the hotel was dated or noisy by a couple of negative reviews, but it was beautiful, very clean and actually very surprisingly quiet. I was not awoken even once! But the best part was the service. My son had a biking accident while we were there, just a block away from the hotel. The staff was wonderful. Not only did they come get and guard the bikes we had rented (and left on the ground) while we left by ambulance, but they were so caring and just lovely to us for the entire trip - even before the accident. (My son is fine by the way.) I cannot thank them enough for making us feel like VIPs - so warm and attentive. 
126307279	 this is a very nice hotel in a good location. <br/>Not your cookie cutter / not the same old same old. It has some style... marble bathrooms, latticed &quot;screen&quot; doors outside each room, Super nice linens, thick soft mattresses, over plush towels, thick light blocking curtains, thick oriental carpets in the halls.... over all just plush.<br/>Breakfest in their small restaurant started at 7am... nice if you need to eat early. Included a &quot;healthy choice&quot; fruit plate with cottage cheese &amp; whole wheat toast and a standard choice of eggs(which were cooked PERFECTLY), of breakfest meats, of breads &amp; of juice with great coffee.<br/>Our room was the lowest priced one &amp; still very nice...... bedroom with huge King bed with 8 pillows, huge flat screen TV, large dresser with many drawers, big desk with free WiFi, plenty of lamps &amp; a reading chair.<br/>The bathroom area was divided into two areas, deepest was a separate room for the tub &amp; potty. pre that space was one with a long vanity with the sink at one end and the coffee/ice bucket area at the other. Under that counter were three areas ...one an undersink storage with a stored iron &amp; a blow dryer, one a stack of 4 nice deep drawers and the third a refrig stocked as a charge items mini bar.<br/>The room closet was too little with some space oddly taken up with a safe &amp; an ironing board &amp; only one robe. I was glad for the safe, but needed more closet space. <br/>I would very strongly suggest they place some coat hooks in the wasted space in the room foyer area for jackets or your umbrella or robe.... that closet is just too tiny &amp; the foyer spacious. <br/>The air conditioner kept the temp perfect but was crazy loud turning off &amp; on frequently during the night.... messed a bit with my sleep.<br/>Also the bellhops &amp; desk staff and restaurant staff were all super friendly -- made us free like family.<br/>absolutely will be back..... 
126230683	 We only stayed one night at the Lombardy and would certainly consider going back. Quaint hotel that is well located downtown between the White House and Georgetown. Bellhop John came out to greet us as we parked at a meter across the street from the hotel and cheerfully gave us some tips on parking options, carried our bags, escorted us to registration then up to our room. Was never pushy; just a great representative for the hotel. King bed was firm, pillows were plentiful but all overstuffed. Oh, my aching neck. Management please note: bigger is not always better. Otherwise, a lovely experience. 
126110103	 Just a gorgeous place to stay, right in the thick of Washington DC and a stone's throw from the White House. Staff was incredibly friendly, curteous and helpful. A special experience. No doubt, we will be back.<br/><br/>Don 
126068940	 We found this hotel as we looked for a place to stay close to George Washington University. It turned out to be that and much more. The location is great for most things that one would want to do in Washington, including Georgetown and the Smithsonian. Upon arrival we were upgrades to a suite for no apparent reason. Iit turned out to be like a small apartment, which was a plus. The rooms were comfortable and clean. The carpet seemed a bit worn and the A.C. Could have worked better, but overall it was a very nice stay. The staff was very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful. I will definitely come back. 
84925714	 Charming rooms, excellent service, good central location near Metro and with taxis readily available. Some truck noise at dawn but that's to be expected in dowtown location. You have to click around a bit on the website to find the AAA and AARP rates. Hotel Lombardy will be my first choice for a D.C. hotel from now on. 
84549740	 Unbelievable. I've been trying for the last half hour to make a reservation here, and the website keeps hanging. I gave up and called them on the phone. They don't take reservations on the weekend. Seriously? I will stay somewhere else. 
83117330	 Stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in Oct not the best time i've ever had<br/>The bed was very good pity about the rest. The noise outside started at around 4.30 each morning first it was rubbish vehicles reversing dropping the skip and picking up the full one, then the noise of other workers banging and crashing. The choclate bars etc in the cupboard were 6 months past thier best, I did'nt check the goods in the fridge but I expect they were out of date as well. The coffee maker had to be balanced on a chair as there was only one socket usable in the room. we did not have breakfast at this hotel as thr evening meal proved to be very expensive. Reception staff were not very friendly when we arrived seemed put out that we had arrived at 8pm<br/>Also where we live FREE means just that, but if you make a TOLL FREE call at this hotel you get charged which I think is a rip off SO BEWARE 
82548052	 Found the service, staff and location of Hotel very good. Would definitely stay there again and would recommend it to friends. 
82470039	 Very good location and a comfortable room. Foggy Bottom metro station and DC Circulator bus ( which is a great utility ) are nearby, short walking distance. Plus, you can walk almost all sightseeings; white house, the mall, etc.<br/>Perhaps, front office people may be more guest friendly! <br/><br/>Overall, we were pleased to select Hotel Lombardy for our trip to DC. 
81921284	 I spent a week at the Hotel Lombardy and used valet parking. My vehicle sustained $1,100 CDN worth of damage and the hotel refuses to accept responsibility for it because I failed to report it the day I left. I didn't notice it until I got home. The parking attendant must have known he hit the pillar as he was backing my vehicle into the spot...it was sooooo close. I saw how it was parked because I had to return to the vehicle to get our passports and thought, wow...that's a great parking job. Never thought to check the vehicle before leaving. An expensive lesson to learn but at the same time, I'm very disappointed in the hotel's attitude - they claim not to have access to the security cameras in the parking garage where it rents space. That is B.S. I offered to send them the paint chip off my vehicle so they could prove it came from the pillar. It has put a damper on my entire Washington experience. 
205791625	 Great hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue so within easy walking distance of all the major tourist sites. It sits in the business district so was very quiet in the evening, but only short bus/taxi ride into bustling Georgetown. Had to change rooms as the first was noisy (next to an elevator) and dark (close to the building next door), but the next room was on a higher floor, and bright. Service wasn't fantastic, but perfectly adequate, and the room was exceptionally clean and well appointed. Venetian bar was lovely, albeit expensive and we didn't take breakfast, preferring to go to cafe's/eat on the go. Would definitely recommend and will return as 3 days in Washington barely scratched the surface of things to do. 
205506821	 Stayed 4 nights and can recommend this hotel. Rooms were large, well equiped and the bed very comfortable. Could not fault the cleanliness of the room.<br/>Had asked for room with view of the street when we booked and also when we checked in, but was given side room with view of an unfinished office block feet away from window. This also made the room rather dark and gloomy. Was also put in room next to store room for the room maids. Was going to complain but in end got used to room and to be honest that maids made no noise or disturbance that bothered us! <br/>Hotel was ideal for the White House and all other attractions (via the nearby Metro station). Hotel is opposite the university and felt safe. <br/>Great hotel and would recommend. 
205426708	 Upon arrival at this location, I was told I could park on the street for free that day, but next day it is 2.00 an hr but must be there before 7 a.m. This was not in fact true, there was no parking at all, whereas it rush hour. I received a ticket. The hotel shower caused myself and my son's eyes to burn. This complaint was noted to one of housekeepers who came to our room and she informed me that she would let the desk know. Also, we both woke up the next morning with severe sore throats. Upon leaving the hotel I had asked if there was a supervisor or manager available and I was told there wasn't. We left the hotel and felt I would deal with this over the telephone when I arrived home...also to find tiny bugs inside my luggage. The manager informed me he would have the general manager get back to me. 
205421127	 I love this place! Close to the action for work, adorable and fine restaurant with great food and beautiful comfortable rooms. My king bed had perfect linen, was clean and really quaint! The registration staff were friendly and very helpful. My only complaint is I always get confused finding it after I get off the metro from the airport - ha! Every time! 
205284309	 This was a little gem of a find. Location was perfect, a few blocks from the White House, a few blocks from the Vietnam Memorial and close to a choice of restaurants for breakfast / dinner. Rooms were clean, well presented and cosy. The best thing about this hotel is the staff, they were very welcoming and all would acknowledge you. A special mention for Tilgman, the bar manager, great service and a great asset to the hotel. This was our second stay in Washington and we will definitely be back to the Lombardy Hotel. 
205265457	 I'm biased against paying a fortunate for old rooms, or this might have a 5. I wanted to be honest enough to say that up front. <br/><br/>The downside: Rooms are very odd. Spacious, mind you (350 square feet or so?), but just laid out so strange. The main room with the two doubles (our group had one King room, about the same) has little room to move. The bathroom is small, but what one expects from an old motel. Then there's this second room that resembles a bowling lane. There's a table and chairs in one end, and a nice refrigerator/sink/coffee area at the other end. In the middle? Space. Lot's of it. Wasted space. I don't know if it's architecturally possible, but I'd love to see that wall come partially down, make the sitting/refrigerator area smaller, and incorporate that space into the main room. It just seemed odd. <br/><br/>Second dislike, and it's a big one for my wife and I, were the mattresses. New, mind you, so perhaps this is personal taste. But they were SOOOOO firm, both our backs were stiff the day after. <br/><br/>That's the cons. The pros, honestly, outweigh the cons significantly.<br/><br/>I like a clean room. This one was clean. End of story. Not sort of clean, not &quot;clean for an old motel,&quot; not clean except for these one or two items; the joint was clean, period. <br/><br/>It was also surprisingly quiet inside. Outside? The traffic? The wedding so big below my window that it sounded like a Redskin's game? The sirens going half the night? Not quiet. But the Lombardy seems to cater to a delightfully respectful crowd. All-in-all, except for the stiff mattresses, I don't think I could have gotten a better night's sleep anywhere in DC.<br/><br/>Also, LOCATION. Again, LOCATION. We came for AU graduation, but went and did the tourist thing on Sunday. We walked two blocks, got a cup of coffee at Starbucks, were on a Metro for five minutes, and were deposited on the National Mall. Two members of our crew like to jog, and they jogged down to the White House and back Saturday and Sunday, no issues, not far enough to break a good sweat. We drove to Georgetown to eat (a mistake due to traffic and parking), but unless you're in some sort of physical distress, I'd highly suggest walking it. The restaurant district couldn't have been more than 4 blocks. Half our party walked back from dinner and found it a good way to kill dinner bloat. <br/><br/>Finally, service. One expects good service from a boutique hotel, and Lombardy provides it. I was particularly taken by the two gents working the front door (Sat. May 10 and Sun. May 11). Valet parking was $26, a fair price for in the city, and I was happy to use it due to valuables in the car. The gents out front were running stuff to and from my car, handing out travel tips, etc. Always with a smile. Never with a hand out for a tip until I extended mine first, and then they took the money with grace and moved on. <br/><br/>I have an issue with the hard mattresses and might not go back because of it. But I'd also say my wife and I are oddballs about this subject and know it, so unless you have a specific issue with the hard mattresses, base my opinion on the rest of the review. <br/><br/>Overall, on a scale of 1-5, I give the staff a 20 and the beds a zero. Average them together and call it an enthusiastic 4 for those that like firm matresses. 
125641593	 Hotel Lombardy was so enjoyable from the time we walked in the door. The staff was friendly, the room were very clean and updated. We loved the old world charm, the 2 doors and the door knobs. The location was convenient, within walking distance to the sights, or the bus or metro was down the street, and within walking distance to Georgetown. We would stay here again. 
125549796	 Lombardy is a great hotel in a great position. The boutique concept allows you to feel good even in a city like Washington, where you see patriotic stuffs all day.<br/>The &quot;two doors&quot; in room is a must!<br/>You can walk to Georgetown (15 minutes) or take a subway to move (two blocks). But do not try to park your car in the area. Forget it. And parking service in hotel is more then US$ 30. Each night.<br/>Lombardy is a good option to stay in DC, paying a fair rate and sleeping with quality. 
125463986	 Stayed here recently to attend military burial at Arlington. Clean, pretty room. My sister's room was different than ours yet equally nice! Very close to Metra, and many nice places to eat and browse. Walk able to monuments, too. Nice little restaurant for breakfast in mini mall across street. Horrible service at TGIF closeby. Staff friendly. Water bottles delivered complimentary each evening! 
125370736	 This elderly traveler just returned from his second stay at this pleasant hotel. My room, while not spacious, was comfortable and quiet (especially considering it was close to the elevator). The staff is helpful and courteous. This hotel will be my first choice for my return visits to DC. 
125127850	 Well located on Pennsylvania Avenue about a 15 minute walk from the White House, Hotel Lombardy was clean, comfortable and very reasonably priced. The food in their restaurant was also good. It was a shame breakfast wasn't included in the room price. 
124977563	 I booked the Hotel Lombardy for a 3-day President's Day weekend in D.C. as part of a birthday present for my boyfriend. We had a King Superior room facing Pennsylvania. For 2 people in their late-30's who are used to staying in hostels, the room appeared to be lovely and the bed had a copious amount of pillows, which made me very happy. The lighting wiring left something to be desired, though. The bathroom lighting was darker than my favorite dive bar, and all the lamps in the room had a disconcerting strobe light-effect, turning on and off at will. Again, a comfortable bed is all that we really needed, but it was a little odd to brush your teeth and attempt to get ready for the day to the tune of a 10 watt bulb. Parking was interesting. We drove from Brooklyn and the terms of the &quot;Services and Amenities&quot; section of the hotel's website stated that parking was $28.00 per night. Obviously, this is not inexpensive, but seemed relatively on par with most D.C. overnight parking (if not a little less), so why not? Well, interestingly enough, since Friday, February 17th, the parking rate has been taken off of the website (I was hoping to link to it but, lo and behold, it is no longer there, though I do have a printout of the page) and is now $40.00 a night as quoted by the first staff member who greeted our less-than-pristine 1998 Honda Accord. When we inquired as to other options, he said that there was a lot &quot;down there, next corner, on the left&quot; that is $30.00 a night. Then, as I was checking in, an extremely aggressive staff member approached me as I was checking in and started pointing out the window at the car and repeatedly asking me if that was my car (&quot;is that your car...is that your car...is that your car?&quot;). I said, &quot;Yes, and that is my companion in the driver's seat&quot;, and he ran out the door and started harassing my boyfriend. It was very difficult to understand this staff member in any language (and, between us, we can translate quite a few languages, but this was just a series of points and grunts, of which neither of us is fluent). The staff member was in the process of trying to open the passenger-side doors when I exited Hotel Lombardy with our room keys (note: the front desk staff is wonderful; it is only the valet/door service that is creepy) and, after practically having to push the valet/doorman out of the way to get into my car, finally was able to open the door, at which point he ran around to the driver's side and CONTINUED to try to get into the car. What the heck? At this point, we decided not to park with the hotel simply on principal of the rate change (well...um, and the overtly aggressive and creepy valet/doormen), so, after check-in, awe drove off to find this mystical lot that the first valet/doorman told us existed. We pulled into the aforementioned lot and the attendant, waving his hands frantically, told us that his garage is not 24 hours. Apparently, he had gone through this bait-and-switch before on the &quot;recommendation&quot; of Hotel Lombardy. So, the search began. Finally (and, ultimately, only 3 1/2 blocks away, but it took a long time to find it), we found a 24-hour garage for $24.00 per 24 hours. It is located in the complex that houses the Whole Foods on the George Washington University campus. For our 3 nights, the total came to $55.00, as their 24-hour pricing system works in the favor of multiple night parkers. The luggage thing? Apparently, one hand on a piece of luggage is insufficient to the Hotel Lombardy staff. When we were checking out (&quot;Express Checkout&quot;, too...all I was doing was placing the signed hotel receipt left under our door on checkout morning and our keys on the check-in desk), I left my tiny bag with my boyfriend for, LITERALLY, 5 seconds, and one of the staff members insisted on carrying it 5 feet to the door. He wouldn't let it go. He insisted on taking it 5 feet to the door. We just stood there and watched him walk it to the interior entrance of the door to Hotel Lombardy. We insisted that he not touch the bag, but he just picked it up and took it to the door and left it. I have seen a lot of strange things in my time, but the insistence to carry something 5 feet (obviously, with the hope of being tipped), is one of the strangest things I have ever seen. I am a ridiculous tipper, as I have worked at some point in my life in most capacities that rely on tips, and even I would not tip someone who essentially stole a bag for 5 feet. It was just bizarre. That said, the bed was comfortable, the housekeeping staff was very sweet and wonderful and the hotel is 2 blocks from the Metro. Would I stay there again? Eh. Probably not. The non-housekeeping staff, frankly, were far too aggressive and just freaked me out. 
166443139	 My wife and I live in a suburb of Washington. We wanted to come into the District to view the 4th of July parade and evening fireworks, so we looked at booking a hotel room just for the night to avoid the terrible traffic afterwards. I found Hotel Lombardy by browsing local hotels to where we would be viewing the fireworks. What a find! Not only did we get a good deal on a room - compared to most hotel rates that I am familiar with in DC - but we ended up picking an absolute gem. Our room was a standard king, but it was roomy, extremely quiet, and very comfortable. Everything from the comfort of the perfect king bed, the very clean bathroom to the ceiling fan made our overnight experience memorable. We will chose to stay at the Lombardy again in the future when we need to stay overnight in the District, and we'll gladly recommend it to friends and family that are in town. You cannot beat the Lombardy's location which is very near the GW-Foggy Bottom Metro station and allows you to visit virtually any of the main tourist sites in the District and Georgetown as well. Last, but not least, I have to mention that all the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful. I could not have imagined a better way to spend July 4th other than in the District with a fabulous fireworks display and a fabulous stay at the Lombardy. 
166434622	 We stayed at the Hotel Lombardy for one night in early June, 2013, and we are looking for a reason to return. This hotel was charming in a quirky, interesting way. I loved the double room doors--one louvered, one solid. Our room had a kitchen area, comfy beds (that's a must for me), and a bathroom so clean it seemed we were the first to ever use it. Breakfast at the hotel cafe was reasonably priced and tasty, and it was fun to watch the people passing by as we ate. If I were one of those people passing by, I would have thought the Hotel Lombardy was one of those boutique hotels where we could never stay; I am glad the reviews on Trip Advisor prompted us to give it a try! 
166045595	 I had booked one night here which turned into two due to a flight cancellation. All staff, from reception, bar, breakfast room, house keeping, were all very helpful and polite. The room was excellent, great en-suite with a lovely shower. Breakfast was very nice. Location is great, short walk to the blue line or a 15 min walk to the Lincoln memorial and Mall. The charge for a night seemed good at $159 and $99 (Thurs-Fri) but car parking is expensive @ $36 per 24 hrs and breakfast came in at over $30 then add tax. Drinks in the bar aren't the cheapest but that comes with the territory. Would definitely stay here again. 
166011594	 We spent 2 nights at Hotel Lombardy on our USA vacation, this hotel is really beautiful and has a great Washington charm about it, the door man was really friendly and helped with our luggage without demanding a tip, our room was spacious with a small kitchen area, and dressing room, close to George Town and the Metro. The only sad thing was that we couldn’t stay longer. 
165805404	 We have returned from a wonderful four night stay at the Hotel Lombardy. The hotel is in a great location, very near the White House and a little further to the National Mall and other attractions. We had a lovely room, very spacious and clean overlooking a beautiful little park. We informed the hotel we would be arriving early and they had the room ready. The staff were very friendly, polite and helpful especially the doormen. It is very near the metro and Georgetown which is a lovely area to visit. <br/>Wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. 
165795132	 Our small family enjoyed our recent stay in a spacious Park View Suite. The staff were helpful, the room[s] clean and comfortable, and the location was great, with very good restaurants a short walk away. 
54702271	 Stayed in the hotel while visiting DC for busiess. The hotel is a traditional hotel. The bedrooms are very comfortable with a large bed, widescreen tv and complimentary wired internet access.<br/><br/>The food is very good, however I only ordered rooms service. The quality was very good, which cannot always be sad about room service. I ate in the restaurant once for Breakfast and the restaurant isa bit dated. <br/><br/>The gym isnt great, however the hotel is an ideal location for a run.<br/><br/>Hotel is located excellently for both business and sight seeing 
51922080	 The hotel's own web site and other reviews on Tripadvisor are accurate. <br/><br/>Elegant location ca. 6 blocks from The White House; charming decor with antiques and original oil paintings; and friendly, helpful staff at a reasonable price should make this an easy choice for leisure and some business travelers. <br/><br/>Well maintained throughout. Spotless bathrooms with thick Frette towels. Very comfortable beds. Good heating, ceiling fan, and plasma-screen TVs. <br/><br/>Another reviewer remarked on the turn-down service (chocolates on pillow when you return to your room in the evening). Let me add: it's the kind of hotel that offers complementary overnight shoe shine. <br/><br/>You'll think you're in Europe. In a good way, I mean. 
51015519	 This is a lovely, very clean and conveniently located hotel. We staying in room 712. It has some lovely extra touches such as chocolates on pillows, dressing gown, make up table and tea/coffee. The bed as enormous, with lovely quality sheets. The standard of cleanliness was very high. Only down side was no view from window - we got to look into office windows and watch people working!!<br/>Location is good, restaurants are easily walkable, CVS around the corner and lovely Georgetown is only 10 mins walk away. Didn't use restaurant so can't comment on that, however prices did look expensive. Only downside is very small reception area and no conceirge/ tourist info.<br/>Husband did use the very small gym, which has a few cardio machines but no weights. However towels and water was provided. 
50895281	 We recently spent 8 nights at the Lombardy while in DC on a sightseeing excursion. The room was quiet and clean with a pleasant decor. One convenient feature was the kitchenette which enabled us to eat breakfast in our room and save calories for lunch and dinner. The hotel is 4 blocks from the White House, two blocks from a Metro station and in the vicinity of several interesting restaurants - Founding Farmers, the Breadline and Kinkead's. We ate two nights at the hotel in the Cafe Lombardy and the food was well prepared. <br/><br/>The hotel is in the process of replacing their old elevators and I think the rooms may have recently been redecorated. The beds were comfortable. We booked through Trip Advisor and the rates were quite reasonable for the size of the room and the convenient location. 
50343470	 The creaky floors, the ancient elevator that required an operator (which, by the way, will be automatic very soon), the decor were just some of the things that made the stay funky/cool. Downside, you can hear everything your neighbors are doing......everything. 
48906585	 We liked this hotel very mutch. It has many authentic characteristics. The location is perfect (pennsylvania avenue...same as the white hous) with the subway very nearby. Accros the street is a small mall with nice restaurants. For a cheap meal and beer go to Foggy Bottom, a student restaurant just a couple of minutes from the hotel. One downside....the outragious parking costs in the neighbourhood. If you have the energy for it it pays of to find a cheap(er) place. For the rest an absolute recommendation. 
231190150	 We used Tripadvisor as we always do to find our hotels. We try to read the reviews and get a broad idea of the hotel, its facilities, style and service. This is not a full facility sole less business hotel. However, it is a fantastic boutique hotel with wonderful decor and excellent staff. Nathan who runs the intimate Venetian bar is one of the hotel's highlights. It is a beautiful place to relax in the evening with a drink and a snack. Nathan is also the guy to ask if you need to know where else to eat in town. But do not discount the Lombardy's own small resaurant which has excellent waiters who serve incredibly tasty food at a reasonable price. The rooms have a great bed and high quality linen, a very large bathroom with a dressing table which my wife loved. The local area is safe at night and has a range of restaurants close by. If you want a stylish hotel in a central location with easy walking access to the White House, Lincoln monument and museums etc. you will not go far wrong with The Lombardy. We had a wonderful time in Washington DC and when we return we will stay at the Lombardy. 
231109253	 Picked this hotel from all the reviews we read on trip advisor. It lives up to its excellent rating. It's an older historic hotel, spotless and very unique. It's location is within walking distance to the White House and two short blocks to the metro which is so easy to navigate. The staff are very friendly and knowledgeable. Many thanks to Christine, front desk manager, for taking care of these two seniors. Our suite was lovely. We hope to return next year. 
230855759	 I really enjoyed my stay but had an unpleasant encounter with the Bartender the evening of 9/23 around 8:00 PM. After a beautiful walk back to the hotel my friend and I went to the bar area seating to sit and chat. We were met with the Bartender who quickly informed us that the plastic water bottles we were carrying were not allowed and that the seating was for bar guest only. We had no problem with that but he did not even inquire to see if we were guest of the hotel. I felt he treated us as if we were walking off the street. Not to mention the inflection in his voice which was very loud where other guest were looking on. No proper greeting at all or to even inquire if we wanted to have a drink. We quickly left as this spoiled it for me. Prior to his rude treatment, all other hotel staff had been very friendly and helpful including the ladies at the front desk. <br/><br/>I had visited the bar on my arrival 9/22 and it was a nice treat and refreshing. Just not the eveing of 9/23! 
230547048	 Wonderful people as staff. They allowed us to use the valet before our check in, wouldn't even think of letting us carry our own bags. The gentleman at the front door was like having our own personnel tour guide. Everyone was lovely. Our room was bright and super clean. It has a historic feel, yet its modern. We would love to go back! We were a 4 minute walk from the white house! 
229928586	 I got a very large room - essentially a suite, with a kitchenette and a king-sized bed. It's only about 10 minutes walk from the hotel to the White House, and 5 minutes further to the National Mall. There's a subway station with direct trains to the airport a few blocks across. Wifi is included and was stable/reliable. The staff are friendly and helpful. 
229700120	 The hotel is conveniently located within walking distance of the white house, the mall and lincoln memorial. George Washington University is across the street. There are many places to eat in the area. The food at the restaurant was pricey but good. Bring your pillow if you are picky. Pillows are hard and fat 
204887674	 I stayed 3 nights with with a group of women friends, and we were extremely pleased. The hotel is historic and charming, and it is walking distance to key DC sights, GW University, Big Bus Stop, Capital Bike Share on corner, Whole Foods, Sweetgreen, Founding Farmers, Metro stop, etc. And with the kitchenette, we were able to buy groceries at Whole Foods for breakfast and snacks. (As a gluten-free traveler, I was extremely pleased to find Sweetgreen, Founding Farmers, and Whole Foods so close with many gluten-free options.) We used Capitol Bikeshare on the corner to bike around the Basin and along the mall. We walked to the White House and surrounding area every day. Numerous eateries and shops were easy walking distance. We always felt safe. Staff were friendly. Hotel beds were comfortable and noise level minimal. My only complaint is that the hotel assigned us a room with a &quot;broken&quot; tub--the gel bottom had come loose, creating a core exercise workout when trying to shower...a potential broken hip hazard to some. But we did not report the tub, so I do not know how the hotel would have responded. Thus I am not lowering my rating. We &quot;lived with it&quot; (and joked about our shower exercise routine) since we wanted to have an adjoining room to our friends. Our friends had no problems with their room. We all thoroughly enjoyed our visit and would highly recommend this hotel. 
204618287	 I wanted to share our experience with you while we were at the Hotel Lombardy. The people are wonderful. Every detail was perfect. The hotel is just grand with history and the best part of it was how convenient it is to everything. We will definitely be back and we HIGHLY recommend that you stay here over any hotel in DC. They are truly wonderful people in a top hotel facility. Tradition-rich, history galore, and finest of the fine. Couldn't be better. We are customers for life. 
204210654	 This place is an AMAZING value. The quality of the rooms and staff far exceeds its very reasonable nightly rate. I came here with two co-workers for a weekend getaway. We couldn't believe how big, comfortable, clean and elegant the rooms are. It is within walking distance to all the major DC attractions and great restaurant options. The hotel also has an in-house restaurant and separate bar. I will stay here every time I return to DC. 
203985446	 We spent a week exploring Washington based here. It falls in between Foggy Bottom and Farragut West on the Metro and we used the Metro a lot as we got around. We asked for an upper room facing onto the little park in front and we got it. We were not troubled at all by noise. The room was fine for comfort but we could have done with a couple of comfortable chairs for sitting in the evening after a hard day's sightseeing. There was an in-room safe - not clear from what we could see in advance, but something we really count as essential in a hptel these days. Pillows were a bit large and firm. Breakfast was extra, and the morning menu is a bit disconcerting for a Brit - toast as a side? Waiting staff were very pleasant. We didn't have much cause to use Reception but when we did over the price of stamps for postcards to UK they were not well informed. The one evening meal we took in the hotel was very good. There are eating choices in the area at different price levels. Founding Farmers will need a booking - they are very busy. Primi Piatti was a good Italian restaurant in the same block.We were happy with our choice of this hotel as our base in Washington. 
203394836	 I write this at the desk in a room on the 8th floor of the Hotel Lombardy. We have had such a wonderful time, I hate to leave. Everything has been top notch - and the staff is the best!! The room is clean, and the maids are meticulous and so flexible, One day we didn't leave the room till after 3 pm. I was sure the room would not get cleaned - but when we returned an hour later everything was spotless and newly cleaned. I can't say enough about all the staff - and a special big THANK YOU to Nathan in the Venetian Bar. What a wonderful bartender - and just an all around wonderful guy. If I really had to think of something here that wasn't perfect - I guess it would be nice to have a microwave so we could warm up all the yummy leftovers from all the great meals we've had here. It's been a great trip - and we couldn't have asked for anymore in a hotel. 
203314901	 We stayed for a long weekend with another couple. The rooms were very clean, beds were wonderful. <br/>There is no frig in the room, but ice was delivered anytime we asked. There is a lovely little bar and lounge area. We ate breakfast in the hotel one morning, it was excellent! 
154531592	 Hotel Lombardy is a great hotel for travelers looking to see the most of the city. It was a half a mile from the following attractions: Washington Monument, LIncoln Memorial, Vietnam Memorial, Korean Memorial, WWII Memorial, Holocaust Museum and a short taxi ride to the Kennedy Center. The hotel itself is very inviting, with muted colors and a boutique feel. The room was larger than expected, with a separate area for sitting (including fridge, sink and mini bar) and a vanity outside of the bathroom. Comfortable beds, but no continential breakfast. I'd avoid the Venice Lounge, pricy drinks. Hotel is close to the Metro and buslines and walking distance to the Founding Farmers restaurant. 
154297592	 This is a fine place for a short winter break for a tourist in DC. Staff helpful, cosy bar - more like a sitting room. Comfy bed but poor light in bathroom. Room not large, and view not pretty - but room was nicely furnished and clean. Good quality food. Wireless internet slow at times (and impossible one night). 
154107395	 We got good tips at the reception about the transportation in Washington. Staff is friendly, the hotel clean. The location is perfect to visit the sites in the center of Washington, for example the White House or the Lincoln Monument. 
153985164	 My husband and I stayed at the Lombardy for two nights in February. The attention by the bellperson at the front door was exceptional. He was helpful in small ways. We found the rooms to have character and very comfortable. My husband forgot his car key and door keys in the safe. We thought to call the Lombardy three weeks later and Dania in housekeeping was the person who found them after we checked out. She is the person who answered the phone, gave us the good news, verified they were our keys, took the delivery instructions and sent the keys to us via our chosen way. She said she was worried that we might not call and was delighted that we did! Very professional and very efficient in the handling of what would have become a huge problem for us. Dania--you are the best! 
153805068	 I stayed at Hotel Lombardy on business for two nights in Feb. 2013. Unfortunately I arrived very sick with a nasty cold and no voice. The staff there were very accommodating, checking to make sure I was doing OK (and not in a creepy way) - from the room service staff to the bell staff.<br/><br/>Room was clean and well appointed. Furnishings in that &quot;American Heritage&quot; feel - not my style but very nice. In my particular room, there was a foyer door between the main room and the door into the hall, which I really liked. I spent pretty much all my time there when not in meetings. Room service menu was pretty limited, and since I ate in my room for breakfast and dinner I was starting to feel those limitations by my last night. That's the only reason for 4 stars instead of 5. I would absolutely go out of my way to stay there again in the future. 
153565349	 I've stayed here several times over the last year for medical travel and it is my hotel of choice. It is clean, quaint, and a short cab ride from my destination (Georgetown). The location is great (a convenient and lovely area) and the hotel is beautiful and historic. (This trip I finally remembered to check the tag on the oh so comfy pillows so I could order them for my home). <br/><br/>Also, the restaurant is reasonably priced, with excellent food and service; I always eat my evening meal there. <br/><br/>My consistently good experience there has compelled me to write my first ever trip advisor review. 
238545267	 I would have put 5 stars if they could fix their old wooden floors in rooms and in corridors. those floors are like 100 years old or something, they squeak terribly each time someone steps on them. so no quiet time while you are in as you constantly hear the loud noise of walking people above your room. <br/><br/>otherwise this is the best hotel in town considering low price, central location and superb service. 
238275670	 We stayed the weekend and loved the location, the accommodations, staff and restaurants. We were on the 11th floor Parkview Suite, and it was very large, clean, and bed and linens were wonderful. I also thought this was a great value, though weekend rates may be cheaper. We partook of the valet parking which was a bit expensive, but also found we could walk everywhere. We walked past the White House on our way to the museums, and never used the car, bus, cabs etc. We also were a very short walk to the Georgetown area of DC. We were allowed to check in early as our room was ready, and it was an extra bonus to not only leave the car but to be able to settle in and &quot;check out&quot; the room before walking around. I thought this was an interesting place, in the lobby they have 130 gold plated &quot;former&quot; mail boxes, and large restrooms and 2 lovely restaurants. We actually liked the hotel so much, that we never ate anywhere but at the Lombardy for 3 days and 2 nights. After walking and seeing so much in the city it was great to come back there and &quot;hang out&quot;. Waldo, the bellman and Henry were especially nice. When I asked how far to the Holocaust Museum Henry printed out the directions for me on the spot. 
238191819	 By reading the reviews from other TA's reviews - this hotel was not up to the standards they mentioned. I agree with DPW67 - the front desk staff has an &quot;attitude&quot; - all except Henry (who was on the ball, professional and really seemed to care). After checking into our room I noticed that it had not been vacuumed from the previous guest, the dust was so heavy on the glass desk one could write their name in it and the bathroom toilet tank top was filled with &quot;white powder&quot; - I mentioned it to the housekeeping supervisor and she immediately had someone vacuum - (under protest that the vacuum was not working well) The cleaning lady was in our room for a total of 2 minutes and did not vac behind the door - which had paint chips or some other stuff on the floor (not sure what it was). That was on a Saturday. On Monday we came back to our room at 6:30 PM and the room had not been cleaned -the cleaning personnel were outside of our door sitting on a bench and asked us if we were leaving - I told them we were leaving for the day and would not be back for several hours. The cleaning personnel told the super that I had requested the room not be cleaned - REALLY??? This was fabricated by the cleaning personnel. However when I mentioned this to the housekeeping lady who was passing out the free bottles of water at 6 PM, she immediately handled the situation and did a great job of cleaning and brought us clean towels. <br/><br/>Hotel is lovely, Bartender was very nice, Henry was great (his supervisor was less than professional), the bed was very comfortable, the bellmen were quite helpful. I would stay here again and hope it had been cleaned better prior to my arrival and during my stay. 
238172203	 I spent 2 nights in a pleasant room on the 6th floor. It was totally quiet and comfortable. Fixtures and fittings are old but functional. Plenty of hot water and clean towels in the bathroom. Staff friendly and welcoming. Only one beer on tap in the bar which is unacceptable in 2014 when there are so many excellent American beers. <br/>Internet service is awful: so slow as to be almost unusable. <br/>On balance I would stay here again <br/> 
237465459	 I review this place every time I stay, because I love it here, and it remains my favorite lodging in the city. I have noticed the last couple of visits that the front desk isn't quite as on the ball as they've been in the past. In fact, I would almost call them indifferent, which isn't great for sense of arrival.<br/><br/>In fact, don't most hotels note if a reservation is made by a frequent guest? We've stayed here a dozen times. We even got married here. Would it be out of the question to be greeted with a &quot;Welcome back&quot;?<br/><br/>Everything else -- cleanliness, facilities, et cetera -- was up to usual standards. 
237456006	 This is a lovely hotel. The rooms are very spacious, entrance area, large room and dressing room and bathroom. Lovely furniture and fitting with massive comfortable bed. The staff are very responsive and friendly. The breakfast was amazing, a little expensive, but very high quality. I would highly recommend Hotel Lombardy, it is wonderful. 
136168162	 I should have written this as soon as we returned , My hubby &amp; I stayed for 5 nights in September 2011 , I had never been to DC . I can't say enough about the staff they were very informative . Our rooms were spotless and the decor was charming . We had a living room and a bedroom maybe it is considered a junior suite . The bathroom was clean and spacious with <br/>great water pressure . The beds were comfortable . It was HOT in DC so the bottles of water were appreciated . We had breakfast in the restaurant 2 mornings , it was very European like .<br/> We did take cabs especially at night , but the George Wash University Dorms are right across the street and a TGI Fridays , and a Ice Cream store and a couple of small restaurants . The park across the street did have some homeless people , but most parks in DC do . We will stay again . 
136096570	 We were very pleasantly surprised with the room size, cleanliness, comfort and LOCATION of this downtown DC hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful, giving us tips that basically a concierge would give in a larger hotel. Safe, quiet and comfy beds/pillows. Bottles of water every day and extra towels on request. Couldn't have asked for more, and the price was outstanding! We'll be back to the Lombardy! 
136012118	 I will be a regular patron at Hotel Lombardy. All of my request were honored and I was given an upgraded room. The decor and ambiance are wonderful. The bartender makes excellent drinks. This was my first boutique hotel experience and I can't imagine going back to regular hotel chains. 
135994628	 What a great hotel, service like no other. Great location, beautiful rooms and close to everything. You sure couldn't ask for better hotel. Close to tours, and all the sites of D.C. Great old roaring twenty's hotel, decor is outstanding, well kept, and tastefully decorated. Not a big hotel, very quiet, even has a fellow runnibng the old elevator. We were attending wedding and truly all guests enjoyed the area. Unfortunately the park across the street has several homeless people every night so we kept out at night, but very safe around the hotel. 
135904155	 I was recently in Washington attending the 2012 International AIDS conference and stayed for 6 nights at the Hotel Lombardy. It was marvelous! The king bed was super comfortable and the room was lovely. Staff were friendly and very helpful. Because it is classified as a historic hotel, it has lots of charm. My room was on the 11th floor and was very quiet. I highly recommend it to anyone considering a trip to Washington. 
135897949	 The hotel has been designated some sort of historic hotel landmark, and has been beautifully renovated while retaining its charm of an earlier era. I spent two nights here with a friend in a quiet, attractive room. The window faced onto an interior space looking into some office windows, but this meant there was no street noise and felt very peaceful. The room itself had 2 Queen beds, a little sitting/kitchen room, a small dressing room, and bathroom - all very comfortable, attractively decorated, and immaculately clean. We had a well-prepared and filling breakfast both mornings in their dining room, and at surprisingly reasonable prices for a hotel breakfast. There is also a comfortable and attractive bar. All the personnel were efficient and friendly. 
163297491	 Hotel Lombardy is about a 15-20min walk to The Mall (where the museums are). The hotel is a 5min walk to the closest Metro station (Farragut West) which in on the same line as the Smithsonian institute. <br/>The room has an huge king size bed with super comfy pillows which induce an amazing sleep. The bathroom is a good size and they supply a hair dryer for you ladies. There are 2 bottles of water, tea &amp; coffee available complimentarily. <br/>There is a minibar &amp; food which are at a cost. They offer room service. The bill automatically includes the 20% tip. Check the bill carefully. There are doormen ready for your arrival. If they carry your bags then make sure you tip. They expect it. 
163228832	 Our family of four stayed in the Lombardy for two days. The staff was amazing and our room was wonderful. It has lots of old charm, which I love. We stayed in a suite with a king bed and pull out couch- both we're comfy. We were so close to The White House and wonderful yummy places to eat. The only downside was the elevators are pretty busy, and somewhat slow. I guess I should expect that in an older building. Beyond that, it was perfect and the staff couldn't have been nicer. 
163228367	 My boyfriend and I recently spent 2 nights here. It's an older style boutique hotel which we thought it was lovely.<br/><br/>We arrived late, around 10pm, and check in was quick and friendly. We were upgraded to a park view suite....the room was huge!! It had an incredibly comfortable king bed (my boyfriend said it was the most comfortable bed he has ever slept in) and a kitchenette/fridge which we used to store our water.<br/><br/>The location is great for a first time visitor who doesn't mind walking - a 15min walk to the White House, 20min walk to the middle if the mall (Washington Monument), a Circulator bus stop across the road to get to Union Station for just $1 and Founding Farmers less than 5mins away where we had a delicious, though pricey, breakfast.<br/><br/>The only negative I have is the shower. In our room, our shower was basically freezing cold or scalding hot unless you perfectly timed turning the taps together to get a normal temperature, and the water pressure was very weak.<br/><br/>Overall, a great hotel giving fantastic value for money. 
163111703	 This hotel was fantastic. The staff was great wonderful. I really enjoyed how the housekeeping staff would bring water every morning to our room best part no charge. :).<br/><br/>The front staff was wonderful. It always makes the stay a lot more enjoyable when you are welcomed by friendly and kind employees. <br/><br/>Great location, Great price 
163028573	 Loved staying here, front office staff were pleasant on arrival and upgraded us to a suite for our stay, the room we first received had not been made up so they moved us without hesitation. Dinner in the restaurant was an absolute pleasure and our food was fantastic and the waiter Mohammed was wonderful. Would definitely recommend this place. 
162790520	 Highly recommended for convenient location, charming and spacious suite, and excellent service. <br/><br/>Our family of three, two adults and one teenager, had a king suite on the second floor for three nights in May. The room and furnishings were spotless and interesting-- real art, varied furniture. The bed is firm, but we found it comfortable, and our daughter says the fold out couch was fine. We very much appreciated the space, especially at a prepaid price of &lt; $200/night. Extra towels appeared without our asking, and when we did have a request (mostly ice-- there is no ice machine), the staff was quick and gracious. <br/><br/>The kitchenette space is nice to have, though note there's no way to heat food (no microwave) and the frig is used as a minibar, though those guests can have those items removed. <br/><br/>As for other reviews, this is a small boutique hotel in an older building. If that's not your cup of tea, stay elsewhere. We very much enjoyed our stay and found it a very good value. 
222512883	 We only had 24 hours in DC and needed a hotel close to the Vietnam<br/>Memorial... on our bucket list.<br/>Found this wonderful little spot on<br/>Pennsylvania Ave. AMAZING!!!! Our room was so comfortable, amenities<br/>all inclusive, the bar was charming and the restaurant perfect. Our waiter<br/>was so much fun ( Mohammed) and<br/>he epitomized the warmth and caring<br/>attitude of the entire staff...great value in Foggy Bottom... LOVED IT!! 
222166342	 I found this place by coming here on Trip Advisor.. The reviews were very helpful.. I was pleasantly happy when we arrived. We arrived early on one of the worst days you could of come in. The rain was coming down so bad. The bell men were waiting for you when you came in. The room wasn't ready so we had to go and find something to do. They took our luggage in for us and stored them till we came back. We went our in the horrible rain and tried to get our grip of the surroundings. We had fun walking around in the rain. <br/>When we arrived back at 3:00 our room wasn't ready but, they give us a better room on the 11th floor. We were very happy when we saw it. It did not have a bath but it did have a nice shower and powder room area. The bed was so comfortable. Very,very clean!!! A little refrigerator stocked with drinks and the was some candy bars of course you pay.. We brought our own coolers with our beverages.. <br/>The staff went above and beyond. All had smiles. They couldn't do enough for us. Called down for ice they were right there. <br/>Thank you to all the wonderful staff, you made our stay.. 
221782837	 My husband and I just returned from Washington after having spent four nights at the Hotel Lombardy. It was perfect. We always look for a bathroom with a bathtub, which this provided, and it wasn't just a tub as an afterthought but perhaps the original and in beautiful shape. I understand that this had been a residential apartment building originally, and there were signs of this, such as the beautifully maintained and glistening mailboxes in the central hallway. Whatever had been renovated was done in very classical lines and instantly comfortable. The design of our bedroom with its various nooks and crannies made it feel like an apartment. Despite reading a review about noise, we heard no noise. The staff couldn't have been more professional or nice or helpful. They were always cherry and glad to oblige. The location was also terrific: two blocks to the Farragut West metro, ten-fifteen minute walk to Dupont Circle, and accessible to many restaurants. Every need we had was satisfied at the Hotel Lombardy and we will refer it to everyone. We would always return here when we come to Washington. 
221475731	 Thoroughly enjoyed my two day stay at the Lombardy. The room -- a suite -- was very comfortable and clean. For an old hotel, the hallways and lobby had a nice, fresh look. Very friendly, helpful staff. 
221104458	 Overall, average hotel. Good location. Poor to average service.<br/><br/>Pros<br/>-Room was nice.<br/>-Location was good<br/><br/>Cons<br/>-Unresponsive front desk. During a two-day stay, I called about 5 times. They never picked up on the first or second try. I would have to wait 5-10 minutes. <br/>-No ramp at entryway. For those with strollers, it was difficult. <br/>-Doorman was not helpful. One time he was texting/on the phone. Another time he just stood at the top of the steps as we brought in bags + stroller. <br/>-Poor views. Our room overlooked a courtyard with some garage<br/>-The noise level was pretty bad starting at 5AM. You could hear nothing but garbage trucks coming from the courtyard.<br/>-No ice machine. No biggie, but a bit odd. 
220753472	 My friend, Dallas and I had the opportunity to stay at the Hotel Lombardy in DC. It was a wonderful experience. The staff was friendly, the room was lovely and comfortable. We stayed at the Hotel from June 24 through June 30. The staff was also professional and were very <br/>accommodating during our stay.<br/><br/>We enjoyed the cocktails and dinner at the Venetian Room. Nathan Yu is an excellent bartender and we loved talking to him every evening. Please thank the staff at the Hotel Lombardy they<br/>were great. Sue Palmer and Dallas Armstrong from Colorado!!! 
182376986	 Who could resist the opportunity to look out your hotel window onto Pennsylvania Avenue? We stayed here one night while moving my daughter into her dorm at GWU. The staff was professional and friendly. Efficiency kitchen was convenient. Bed was comfy. Room was clean. The only odd thing was the shower windows overlooked Pennsylvania Ave. However I think they were sufficiently frosted-hope so anyway! It is an historic hotel so it appears older on the inside, but it was perfect for us. Would definitely stay again. Room rate was also excellent especially for the area. <br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/> there again. Room rate for the re also celebrate excellent. Unbeatable actually. 
182252200	 I travel often to DC for business, and as usual every experience at the Lombardy Hotel is always very pleasant. The staff and management are very attentive and responsive to any requests. I would also suggest to try their restaurant, simple but yet classic, and the menu has a great choice of dishes. 
181855098	 This is a boutique hotel and as such you must expect a few quaint touches. For example, inexplicably there are two wooden doors to your room: an outer louvered door with no latch or lock, and then 4 inches further, the normal door with key card entry. This arrangement possibly captured the essence of some custom in another country but having traveled most countries in the world I must have missed this one. All I found was that it was not only difficult for me to get in, but also for the maid. There is nowhere to hang your 'Do Not Disturb' of Please Make Up My Room' anywhere visible outside your door.<br/>My room was well appointed; comfortable bed, spacious bathroom and in my room an intriguing slider switch in the toilet/bath/shower (separate from the handwash basin). This cunningly enabled the lights and extractor fan to be controlled so that it is possible to have no fan and dim light to facilitate that urgent excursion to the bathroom in the wee hours (excuse the pun).<br/>Although the windows are doubleglazed, there is nothing to fully block the extra loud fire and police sirens that these forces appear to rejoice to the sound of at all times.<br/>The hotel has a nice little restaurant. I only used it for breakfast but the service was good and the 'Lombardy Breakfast' an excellent twin to an 'English Breakfast'.<br/>The hotel has free WiFi but during my stay this proved to be very slow and occasionally erratic in its connectivity.<br/>Overall, a nice hotel and without exception very helpful and courteous staff. I would be happy to stay there again. 
181700968	 We were in DC for a wedding on an unseasonably hot October weekend. When returning to our room two out of the three nights we stayed here we returned to a very hot room! In fact the air conditioner was out! The thermostat registered 84 degrees. Good news is that both nights the &quot;engineer&quot; in house was able to get it running again. Apologies were offered, but a free drink or at least an extra bottle of water would have been nice:-) The rooms were small, not unlike most boutique hotels. But the room was well equipped, with a refrigerator and flat screen television. There are no ice machines for public use, but the front desk will bring ice up in short notice. There is not a &quot;business center&quot;, but the front desk will print and deliver to your room, what you need if you send an email to them, and they will provide the email address for you. We only had breakfast in the small hotel restaurant one morning, but the food and service were both excellent. A small indoor mall is across the street and has a CVS, Au Bon Pain, Subway and other cheap eats. Many other restaurants in a two block radius. Only a few blocks from the Metro, White House, Reflection Pool etc...so excellent location. We enjoyed our visit and would return to the Lombardy in DC! 
181554191	 My friend and I stayed at the Hotel Lombardy in early September and just loved it. The rooms were spacious. The beds incredibly comfortable and sheets exquisite. We had arrived from New York and had recently flown from Australia - a 30hr trip - so were exhausted.so instead of touring Washington we spent a long time sleeping off our travels. We ate breakfast in the hotel and found them quite tasty. We found the staff very helpful. There was also free wi-fi so we were able to plan our sightseeing. We were able to walk to the Lincoln Memorial, The White House and many other attractions from the hotel - the World bank is close by also!<br/>I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone wanted a delightful place to stay 
180856917	 We enjoyed our stay in the Hotel Lombardy, a beautiful, comfortable boutique hotel. The rooms are spacious and beautifully decorated. The beds and bedding are so comfortable and of high quality that made it real difficult to get up and go! The lounge is beautiful with a wonderful ambience. Breakfasts were well presented and delicious. All the staff were helpful and friendly. And another important benefit is that most of the sites we wanted to visit were within walking distance or at least with easy access to transport. We had a wonderful stay in DC albeit in the midst of the Government Shutdown. 
14306724	 We stayed 4 nights in the Hotel Lombardy in March 2008. The hotel is quaint and has a historic charm that cannot be found in the newer chains. We found the staff to be friendly. We had no issues with the manual elevator, but chose to take the stairs to our third floor room when we were not carrying our luggage. The elevator operator informed us that the hotel would be replacing the elevator in the near future due to complaints about the speed of operation. The room was fine, but on the small side. The carpet and bed skirt were somewhat aged, but clean. As other travelers noted, the beds were comfortable with several types of pillows from which to choose. <br/><br/>Cons were:<br/>1) We were on the back side of the hotel where the restaurant dumpsters and the trash compactor for the adjacent building are located. The dumpsters and the compactor were emptied by the waste management company at 5 or 6 a.m. each weekday morning. Very loud! However, we were usually awake anyway due to the issue noted in #3 below.<br/>2) The shower did not drain well. By the end of a short shower, you are standing in 3-4 inches of water. This may not be an issue for some people, but it bothers me for some reason. We left a note for housekeeping about the issue, but no luck in getting it resolved. The issue is likely due to the age and build up in the piping.<br/>3) The amorous couple in the room directly above us that decided to &quot;wake up&quot; around 3 or 4 a.m. each morning.<br/><br/>All in all, we had a pleasant stay. This is an adequate hotel. However, we will probably try somewhere different for our next D.C. visit. 
13763941	 This hotel was a great stay for us. First off, the location is superb--2 1/2 blocks to the Metro but also walking distance, if you are walkers, to lots of things--Vietnam Memorial, Georgetown, etc. Right on the edge of GWU campus which was always enjoyable to walk through.<br/><br/>We had a nice room with a view on the 10th floor. Definitely necessitated using the elevator but we never waited for more than a very few minutes for the operator to take us up. The room was on the small side but had everything we needed. The bed was extremely comfortable. All of the people at the hotel are very friendly and want to make sure that you're having a good stay.<br/><br/>We did not want to spend an arm and a leg on food--we're not foodies--and were happy to find pubs close by for dinner and Au Bon Pain across the street which became our first morning stop.<br/><br/>I had never been to DC before and of course had a list a mile long of things we wanted to see. We did everything that we wanted. We were lucky to have pretty decent weather for Feb. which allowed for lots of walking--a great way to get a feel for the city. The Metro is also great for that.<br/><br/>This will be a trip that we always remember and this hotel and its great location, price and service made it all the better. 
12264767	 This was the best Christmas surprise ever and the most charming hotel we've ever stayed in. We were there from December 24 to December 28, and from checking in to departure, the service was smooth and seamless, without being obsequious. On the first morning, we left the room for 45 minutes for breakfast, and when we returned, the maid had come and gone, leaving everything perfect. On the one day she left only decaf, we called the front desk, and THREE people arrived with regular coffee in the space of ten minutes. We had a view of the little park across I Street, and we parked our car right in front of the hotel (yes, we had to replenish the meter, but that was a minor inconvenience, and valet parking was available). The elevator reminded me of the one in the apartment house in NY where I lived in the 1940s, very quaint, manually operated with brass controls. Many restaurants and shops are within easy walking distance even in wretched weather, and there's an ATM on the corner. Everything was spotless, the linens were luxurious, there was WIRED Internet access (did that other reviewer ever hear of that?--it's far more secure!) and the place has the charming ambience only found in big cities. Both restaurants were 5-star quality, with intimate surroundings and friendly, attentive waiters. We paid more while driving there on the Interstates! We understand that we got a real bargain because it was Christmas and there were no business clients----but even at three times what we paid, it would have been a bargain. 
11917045	 This hotel was a real find. The rate was exceptional. Every single member of the staff was extremely courteous and just went out of their way to make our stay a first rate experience. We even had a couple of requests out of the norm and they just took them in stride and got it done immediately. The room was quaint and the king size bed was wonderful. Anytime I hear of anyone going to DC you can be sure that we will recommend the Hotel Lombardy. 
10065657	 Convenient Location: Walking distance to White House, National Mall, major points of interest. Also, just across the street, 2000 Pennsylvania facade, are several places to get a quick bite or replenish water supply, Au Bon Pain, Bertucci's, Kinkeads (seafood restaurant), a Mexican restaurant and TGIF also nearby. <br/><br/>Getting Around: Cab fare throughout Zone 1 was $6.50, $1.50 for a second person, an additional dollar during rush hours. Metro stops close to hotel. It was $52.00 from Dulles to hotel, which was about the same as we were quoted for the Super Shuttle for 2 passengers. BTW, Old Ebbitt's Grill on 15th is a great place for breakfast or lunch -- - excellent service, ambience and moderately priced. <br/><br/>Clean Room, Can be Noisy: Relatively reasonable ($220/nite,all inclusive via Expedia). Bed linens were ultra comfortable, bathroom very clean as in super clean shower curtains (absolute white), tub, floor, sinks, and spiffy fixtures. Bath &amp; Bodyworks toiletries. We were first given a room that was dark and faced offices and then got a good sized room with a king bed, small dressing table/area, desk, a table and two chairs, kitchen-like area (no cooking facilities, just sink, counter, refrigerator). No safe in the room.<br/><br/>Surprise: Internet connection free (just plug in your laptop). Also it was no problem to get a late check out.<br/><br/>Caveat: Ask for a high floor because it can be noisy overlooking the street; don't go when it is 92 degrees because despite the air conditioning, if you are a light sleeper the a/c will keep you up the night; also, sometimes there was a wait for the elevator but it was always &quot;reassuring &quot; to hear the elevator operator yell as he passed your floor that he would be back for you. 
8362657	 In DC alone? Then this could be a great hotel for you. It's an old, charming building (complete with elevator operater - I found it so quaint!) I was in DC for a business related meeting, but had to pay my own way. I was only in the hotel from 9 pm to 7:30 am - so all I needed was a comfortable bed, cool room, clean well-maintained bathroom and an alarm clock! I got it all plus some charm at Lombardy. Yes, the room was small - but the bathroom large! Everything was clean and serviceable - including a ceiling fan. My only &quot;needs improvement&quot; area was the condition of the linens ... the sheets were a bit thread-bare and the towels were fraying - but nothing that my own stuff at home doesn't have. My room was quiet and comfortable. And the staff was accommodating, helpful and the elevator operator/bellman was completely charming. I had a lovely experience at this quaint, charming and certainly not cookie-cutter hotel. Again, it was great for a good night sleep and shower. I did not try the restaurant or need any other amenities. When/if I go back to DC for business (or alone) I will definitely try to book at Hotel Lombardy.<br/> 
129880708	 I stayed in a room with a King bed on the 3rd floor. Didn't have much of a view, unless you like brick walls, but what a great room. There's a bathroom with a window that opens for some fresh air, there is a dressing area just outside the bathroom, then there's the main room with the bed and TV. Off the main room, opposite the dressing area, was a little kitchen area! There was room enough for a little table and two chairs, a fridge, sink, coffee maker. It's a great little set up, comfy beds and linens, in a quiet location close to the White House. And the price was great! The only problem I had was that the A/C blew too hard and really dried out my sinuses. I'm not a fond of fans blowing on me directly at night. 
129813552	 Unfriendly people working at front desk. Our company staff have visited this hotel during the past 10 years many times. Now its enough. The prize was ca 350 USD, and getting so bad service at the reception. I felt so bad. 
129744058	 Was completely charmed by this vintage historical boutique hotel. All the details have been preserved, including many stairs. The room was tight with a decent sized desk, but beautifully furnished with period pieces. The marble bath was large. Breakfast served in the front dining area was out of another era with a view of the street. The bar felt like a tucked away speakeasy. I would definitely stay here again. <br/>My room overlooked the residential neighbors' manicured courtyards. I was woken by the trash collectors in the alley out back at 5 am, but this is a city. It was raining the entire trip, so did not walk to the Metro, but had no trouble getting cabs. 
129205434	 I can not wait to stay here again! There is no lack of character and charm in this hotel. Customer service is beyond top notch. The street view could be loud during the day but the our bedroom faced the back and didn't hear anything. <br/><br/>Like other have posted the furniture looks a little outdated, but it was clean and has been taken care of well. The bed and linens very clean and smelled great.<br/><br/>Everything was in walking distance or an $8 dollar cab ride for 2 people from Union Station and that was on a Friday night. <br/><br/>We will definetly stay at Hotel Lombardy again and will recommend this place to everyone who asks &quot;Where to stay in DC&quot;! 
129117858	 The Hotel Lombardy is a very nice hotel located on the edge of GWU, right on Pennsylvania Ave. It is within walking distance of Georgetown, the White House and the Mall. More importantly, it is only 2 blocks from the Foggy Bottom Metro station. It's an older hotel, but that doesn't take away from it's ambiance. Some people like their hotels to be more &quot;modern&quot; looking. The rooms are very nice, the service is excellent and the staff is outstanding. They are always right there to help with whatever you need...and with a smile. I did not give it 5 stars because we did not eat at their restuarant, so this review is a bit incomplete. We were in the city most of the time, and ate in different locations throughout DC. Since this hotel does a lot of it's business during the week, the weekend rates are excellent (be aware that a sizable service tax is added to your bill...it totalled $50 for our two night stay). I would highly recommend the Hotel Lombardy for it's location and staff. 
129090057	 This is a lovely hotel in the heart of Washington. Boutique in nature, quiet, stylish and individualistic. I changed to this hotel after staying one night in a generic and awful chain hotel nearby. A great move.<br/><br/>Service was quiet and efficient. The room was lovely - top tip is to ask for a room on the higher floors to get away from the noise of Pennsylvania Avenue.<br/><br/>The Venetian Bar is a lovely place to enjoy some post-work/pre-dinner drinks.<br/><br/>The only negative was the eye-wateringly expensive breakfast. It's not included in the overall price, and paying fifty dollars for some scrambled eggs, sparkling water, side of fruit and a couple of strips of bacon (five dollars by themselves!) is excessive. My advice? There are plenty of cheaper places to eat nearby including the fantastic Founding Farmers on the opposite corner. Go there instead and enjoy everything else Hotel Lombardy has to offer. 
90629639	 Nice boutique hotel in great location, between two Metro stops. Very clean comfortable room, but a couple of things future guests should know:<br/>- Double-double room has a &quot;kitchenette&quot; - well, not really, only a sink and a fridge (caution: stocked with goodies for which you will be charged, leaving almost no room for stuff you buy yourself). Coffeepot, but no microwave!<br/>- Heat is easily controlled and is quiet, and you can even shut the system off (great for me, as I hate air blowing right on me all night). However, there is no heat in the bathroom and since we were there in December, it got pretty cold. Also, there is no exhaust fan in the bathroom, so it gets very steamy. A heat lamp at a minimum would be nice. The water pressure was good and temperature was consistent once set (hot water very hot).<br/>- Windows do open; nice feature.<br/>- No coffee or continental breakfast in the lobby. Restaurant is very good but expensive (continental breakfast in the restaurant was something like 12 bucks). Had dinner there one night and it was awesome. It closed for 3 out of our 5 days for renovation, but in all fairness, we were there over Christmas weekend.<br/>- Room was very quiet during our off-peak stay, but I can imagine it having some room-to-room noise if heavily booked, being an old building.<br/>- Fitness center had modern equpment, 2 treadmills, an exercycle and an elliptical. Room was kind of warm and TV was set to CNN with no way to change channel.<br/>Staff was generally nice. Our toilet was running and they attended to it right away. Overall a good stay. 
90391033	 We are in the middle of our 7 day stay and I am very pleased with this hotel. It is an old building that has been keep up and has some personality. I asked the hotel to give us a nice room because this was my son’s first trip to DC and the hotel upgraded us to a King Suite with the view of the little park across the street. We took the Metro from Reagan Airport to the Farragut West stop for $1.70 and was only 2 ½ blocks from the hotel. Note: the hotel is really on I street at Pennsylvania ave. We have used the Metro to go everywhere in DC with little cost and trouble. It took a couple of times to get used to it. Note: there are token machines at every stop, get a $10 or $20 worth depending on how long you are staying. Back to the hotel… there is everything to eat with in ½ block from $40 a plate to $6 Johnny Rockets. There is a TGIF Friday’s on the corner and a CVS Pharmacy 1 block away for snacks and stuff. Across the street there is a small mall made out of the old buildings and has a few nice shops (girl shops, nothing for us boys). There is also a couple of nice small pubs to get a drink and pub meal. I can go on and on but the short is I would recommend this hotel. 
90173162	 I asked for recommendations from several friends about choices within walking distance of The White House and the Mall area and I am so glad I chose this one! SUCH a great value for a lovely boutique hotel - charming, cozy, and fully appointed rooms with REAL furniture, hardwood doors, etc. Each and every member of the staff was warm, always happy to help, and very knowledgeable. Sweet little bar as well. I will be back! 
89532894	 The room had an odd feature: a bathroom with a minibar next to the toilet. Otherwise the bed was comfortable and the room very spacious. There is no wifi in the hotel. 
89526404	 I pulled up in front of the hotel, conveniently located to George Washington U, and the bellman unloaded my trunk. I was busy with my back to the hotel taking some items out of the back seat, and when I turned around, two bags had been taken in and my briefcase was on the sidewalk unattended. Not an auspicious start.<br/>We had a complicated reservation -billing to one person the first night, and the second person the second night - and wanted to stay in the same room. It wasn't ready, and that was fine since it was only about ten in the morning. I thought I straightened everything out with the front desk and hung out at the restaurant waiting for my colleague to call to meet her. When she did, I went to the front desk (this was about an hour later), and asked if my room was ready. It was but no one had called me even though I had given the front desk my cell phone no. exactly for that purpose. Now I was rushing and just wanted to drop the bags in the room but I was told they had to charge my credit card,not hers, despite the fact that her card was on file for that night. I asked to speak to the manager, with whom I had explained the situation initially, and the front desk clerk went to another office and came out and told me the manager would be with me &quot;shortly.&quot; I waited a few minutes and then told the front desk person to get the manager immediately because I had to leave. It was a wait but finally that person came out and started to help another guest! I interrupted and was told that the hotel had called my colleague and asked for authorization. Now, that is something they could have mentioned would be necessary when I first checked in, and certainly, they could have communicated that with me so that I could have checked with my colleague earlier and gotten her authorization. I did have the confirmation with me.<br/><br/>Now anyone who is traveling with a lap top should know that they lock up bags in one place and laptop bags in another,but if your laptop is in a small bag,it is kept behind the front desk unlocked and really unattended. So my bags were all over the place!<br/><br/>Finally got to my room,dropped my bags and went off to meet my colleague. When we returned that evening, we discovered an unheated bathroom which was very small. Clean but old. The water pressure and hot water were fine, but there was something wrong with the base of the tub - it moved whenever I stepped on it. The next morning I spoke to the front desk and while we were out, the tub problem was corrected and the bathroom seemed nice and warm -- until we realized that was because the room temp was set to 77 degrees. So we were sweltering in the bedroom in order to get warmth in the bathroom.<br/><br/>However, the bedding was very nice and the beds comfortable. The front desk clerks on other days were different people and could not have been nicer or more accommodating.<br/>But at least in our room, the complimentary Internet signal was very weak - so it was either hard to get onto the Internet or very slow, both problems when one is traveling on business. <br/><br/>And the maids decided to vacuum the hall at 8:30 in the morning;good thing we were awake and not sleeping in.<br/><br/>Finally, when I went downstairs on the last day and asked for a late checkout, one of the original front desk clerks was there, and I got a snooty - &quot;But you have to be out by 1.&quot; 
89283008	 Very conveniently located near to K Street and not far from Georgetown, across from GWU. My second or third stay here. The Lombardy is quiet, has a nice little bar and gives good value. A nice feature is hardwired Internet access, which is much more reliable than WiFi. I do not hesitate to return. 
144114500	 We stayed for 3 nights in this hotel and were given a quiet room away from the main street on the top 11th floor. Very clean and average sized room. Looks like the hotel has had a recent refurbishment. Perfect for our stay. Minor gripe is no in room bar refrigerator but not major.<br/><br/>Staff was excellent, polite and friendly, particularly the concierges.<br/><br/>Location wise was good; quite close to the subway and within walking distance to the whitehouse and then to the mall. Need to take the subway to the Capitol though.<br/><br/>All in all, a nice stay. 
144009441	 Staying at this clean, comfy, old-style hotel was an experience in itself! The furnishings wer warm and comfortable. We felt so welcome and cared for there. The concierge service was very friendly, helpful and efficient and the food in the restaurant is excellent! Not to mention the wonderful waiter who much enlivened our experience. We especially appreciated the refrigerator, the provided bottled water which we took with us each day and having the excellent Washington Post delivered outside our door each morning.<br/><br/>The hotel is easy walking distance to the White House, the Lincoln, Vietnam and other memorials, Georgetown, and only two blocks from the nearest Metro station. We were able to spend nine days in the DC, area, acitvely seeing everthing we had wanted to, without having to rent a car or take a taxi.<br/><br/>If we ever return to DC we will certainly stay at this hotel. 
143724388	 This is a delightful historical hotel in the heart of DC, walking distance to the White House and attractions, with easy access to numerous museums and parks. The suites are generously sized with comfortable beds and pillows. The bathroom, while small by current standards, is light filled and spotless with an updated shower head. There was a charming vanity area, a roomy and modern desk, and a dining nook separated from the sleeping area with a heavy curtain sufficient to protect sleeping eyes. The entire hotel is filled with beautiful woodwork and moldings, high ceilings and well-trained staff. We had a delightful late lunch of superb crab cakes in the cheerful dining room. All in all, it was a luxurious and well-appointed hotel with all the necessary amenities for a comfortable stay. It is well worth the price and a grand change to the formulaic hotels that abound. We will return! 
143643338	 My wife and I spent three nights at the Hotel Lombardy in early October. We found it to be a classy hotel and a wonderful place for our stay in Washington, DC. Since we like to walk, we found the hotel to be well situated. Our guest room was spacious, clean, and well-appointed. The hotel staff was extremely helpful each time we had questions, and they went out of their way to provide us with the information we needed. <br/>Located on Pennsylvania Avenue, it is five-block walk to the White House. While there are many coffee shops and a couple of good restaurants near the hotel, we found that the majority of eating establishments were on the east side of the White House. Since our travels took us to the major sites in Washington, we were able to make use of the restaurants between the Capitol and the White House on our way back to the hotel each evening.<br/>We ate one breakfast at the Hotel Lombardy, and it was excellent. We could have eaten other meals there, but since we were out and about each day, that did not prove to be convenient.<br/>On a return visit to the Capitol, we would happily return to the Hotel Lombardy. It was a great stay for us. 
143464998	 We had to pick a hotel in DC for a family event, and I wanted a nice hotel for a good price, so I picked the Lombardy. It lived up to and surpassed my expectations!! The staff treated us like the only guests in the whole place, even though we could see that it was full with a wedding party. The valet asked when we'd need our car again when we checked in, when we said 90 minutes, he offered to just leave it at the door. When we didn't see what we wanted on the room service menu, we ran down to the cafe and mentioned what we'd like, so the server there not only whipped it up, he personally delivered it to the room in about 10 minutes, then ran back downstairs to grab a box for the leftovers. We've never had such service, even at other fine hotels! In addition the the service, our room was gorgeous and comfortable. We had a 3-room suite, plus a &quot;foyer&quot; hallway in the room. The suite was one bedroom, one sitting room, one kitchenette room, the hallway, and obviously a bathroom. The bed was sooo comfortable. Everything was clean and cozy, with a &quot;home&quot; feel. We only stayed one night, but it was about as welcoming and comfortable as any hotel we could imagine. So happy with our choice! 
143215058	 The location of the hotel is excellent for tourists, a walking distance to the White House, and many Monuments... Metro stations are also very close by..<br/>The building is old, but the rooms are well kept, and comfortable. My room was very quite too..<br/>The staff is very friendly, and service is very good...<br/><br/>It is an ideal hotel for tourists. I would certainly return to this hotel by next trip to DC.. 
132803030	 Just had a few days in Washington at the end of our holiday, great hotel and free room upgrade. 3 blocks from the Whitehouse, so ideal for sightseeing, several restaurants nearby. Room and service was excellent. 
132767895	 We decided on this boutique hotel after reading reviews- PERFECT as far as location (4 blocks to White House, etc.) and everything else that was important to us (service, cleanliness, not a chain) HIGHLY recommend... 
132709837	 I stayed here for 5 nights in June of 2012 for a vacation with my daughter. The hotel was charming. Our room was on the 10th floor and had two beds. There was also a kitchenette in another room. The staff was extremely friendly and very helpful. The one elevator is quite small and for whatever reason this is the one that seemed to come first every time we summoned the elevator. DC is an expensive town to stay in and the Lombardy does offer reasonable rates on the weekends. It is in a beautiful neighborhood (Foggy Bottom - near George Washington University) and it is a two block walk to the nearest Metro station - Farragutt West. The only drawback is that the hotel does not offer a complimentary breakfast nor does it have a business center. 
132692669	 Perfectly located, very helpful staff, beautiful room. We had a lovely view from our window and enjoyed the spacious room and kitchenette. Will stay there again! 
132599540	 My wife and I just completed a five night stay at the Lombardy. The room, on the eleventh floor, was spacious and the bed was very comfortable. We did not experience any problems with the water pressure that some other reviewers noted. There is no view from the majority of the rooms because of the middle of the block location of the hotel, it would have been nice, but not necessary to our enjoyment of the hotel. It was somewhat noisy at times but we were not particularly bothered by the street noise and a fair amount of sirens since the hotel is located a few blocks from a hospital.<br/>The hotel is only two blocks from one Metro Station and three blocks from another. The location is excellent. Many good restaurants and coffee shops within easy walking distance. It is only about a six block walk to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial and the Lincoln Memorial. Very easy to get a taxi if you prefer.<br/>The staff was excellent and helpful in every way. When it was time for us to depart they had a car waiting for us. We found the room rate to be reasonable for the location and time of year we were traveling. 
132573157	 Nice enough rooms in a good location, we loved DC. 
32283770	 I read lots of reviews about the hotel and two things stuck out in my mind since people mentioned them often enough: the &quot;loud elevator&quot; and the &quot;rude staff&quot;. My stay at the Hotel Lombardy confirmed one of these (the front desk staff really aren't very welcoming) and denied the other (the elevator really isn't that loud, unless you're staying in a room right next to it).<br/><br/>Overall, I had a great stay. My room (414) was very small by American standards, but it was cozy, VERY clean (the bathroom was truly spotless, and I looked carefully), and well appointed. <br/><br/>We found that by leaving a nice tip each day for the housekeeping staff (advice to all: LEAVE A TIP FOR THE HOUSEKEEPING STAFF!! - they work hard and provide you with a nice service you don't get at home - $3-4 per day is fine) we received nice &quot;extras&quot; - extra chocolates at night, and a general sense that they spent more time cleaning and straightening our room to perfection. <br/><br/>Personally, I really liked the elevator. True, you sometimes have to wait for a staff person, but c'mon - relax a little, people! It's hand-driven, small, charming, full of &quot;character&quot; and fun. Don't demand perfection and speed with the elevator and you'll enjoy the unique experience. Since I was on the 4th floor, I often walked up and down the stairs, for exercise.<br/><br/>I'm only giving 4 stars (instead of 5) since the front desk reception was not at all welcoming. On two occasions the front desk was staffed by a young woman (different woman each time). One was yapping on the phone (to a friend) when I walked up and did not acknowledge my presence for an uncomfortable 30 seconds until I made an obvious &quot;displeased&quot; hand motion, and the second time there was the barest minimum of a welcoming presence. I really recommend that the Hotel Lombardy management correct this poor service since it starts the customers off on a sour note. Very poor.<br/><br/>Aside from the lousy front desk service, everything else is great. Try the Venetian Lounge on the first floor - small, cozy, bar/lounge with a bartender who enjoys people and loves his job (he said this!). Cozy sofas, and romantic nooks tucked away in corners. <br/><br/>Within a two-block radius: Bank of America ATM, a wonderful excellent restaurant called Founding Farmers (I ate there THREE times, it was that good) and The George Washington University. The DC Circulator bus (only $1!) stops practically outside the front door of the hotel, at 21st and I streets. Clean, cheap, comfortable, and arrives every 10 minutes to take you to DC's favorite destinations. I really recommend it. Ditch the car and parking hassles, and take this well-designed service. 
31605653	 I have stayed in Lombardy in May 2009. I was on a business trip, and have several meetings in World Bank so the location of the hotel was excellent for me. It is only 5-7 minutes walk from a White House, and many sightseeing destinations. Also there are many cafes, restaurants and CVS pharmacies nearby. (there you can find food and pharmacies, as well as parfumes and cosmetics)<br/>The hotel staff is not much helpfull, but there was a manager MILAN KOVILJAC, who was excellent. He was doing heis best to make the stay of the guests as comfortable as possible. So, when visiting, ensure that he is the person who checks you in, believe me, he remembers all the guests, and their requests. He can also advise where to go, how, how to plan for a sightseeing. In one world he is the best at this hotel. And all my points are because of his excellent management. <br/>Overall the hotel is convenient, with very very large rooms. I have stayed in a superior king room, but it was a double size of any 5 star hotel room in Europe. Also there was a kitchenette in the room, so you can make your coffe or tea in the room. The refrigerator was also helpfull 
31343243	 Stayed at the hotel Memorial day weekend. Arrived that Fri at 9:30PM. Women at the front desk was not pleasant, very curt. The The Bell Hop and Elevator operator were all very pleasant. We stayed on the top floor, which is 11. I do not recommend staying up that high, as the Elevator system is very old, and you can hear the machinery at all hours of the day and evening. The room was very clean, nothing fancy, typical all white. Very comfortable king size bed. The maid service had one hangup. She never provided wash clothes or shampoo, I had to call for these items every evening. The location to everything was great. I don't recommend breakfast just because of the cost, just check out the menu. There is a Starbucks to the left of the hotel. Directly across from the hotel is a small mall where there is an Au Bon Pain. I purchased breakfast from there each day. I would definitly stay again. 
30857982	 Perfect location by GWU and subway station. Coffee cafes easy to find north of the location. The staff is sometimes hard to locate but polite. Clean room, but small. I liked the old world charm of the building - if these walls could talk - but that doesn't mean the room was musty or tired feeling. Window faced a parking lot and office building - nothing to look at but car traffic was minimum. Recommend restaurant: Friend of Framers across the street. Overall overpriced for size of room and amenities, but worth it for the cleanliness, quiet, and convenience to White House and main attractions. 
30482550	 This is a boutique hotel VERY large rooms more like an apartment, and lovely staff. We totally enjoyed our stay. Located in Foggy Bottom. Great bathroom, great bed and really good food. We were there in Jan 31st 2009 to see a friend speak at the Smithsonian and would stay there again! 
30180633	 This was a great location to set out from every day to see the city! About 4 blocks from 2 different subway stations and about that much from the White House as well. Scenic view from our 9th floor Parkview Suite windows, lots of restaurants, a Trader Joe's a few blocks away if you want to buy some groceries. The rooms were really clean and were kept that way during our stay. The walls were really thick and we didn't hear noise from any other patrons.<br/><br/>Some problems: when a room is described as a kitchenette, I expect a counter w sink, refrigerator, and some method of heating food as a minimum. In our room, there was no microwave/oven and the refrigerator was filled with their mini-bar items (these were removed promptly upon our request though). In spite of our registering 5 people, we received towels for 2 for all but 1 of the 10 nights we were there. (We did ask for more the first day, but made do after that.)<br/><br/>Overall, we adjusted and greatly enjoyed our stay. We liked the atmosphere of the hotel and would do it again. 
132396640	 I've stayed in hotels all over DC, but this was my first time at Lombardy. The person that made my reservation kept getting my reservation wrong, didn't listen and when I asked for my confirmation be sent via email, I never received it; I had to call back twice! Then when I arrived to check in, my name was wrong on the reservation (again didn't listen). Finally when I was charged, they charged the original credit card that I reserved the room (my personal) instead of the business credit card I provided at check in. I can't believe how much time I've spent getting things corrected with them. 
132238963	 This time around, the elevators were 'done' in terms of renovation. The hotel accommodated my request for the same room as previously occupied, large with a little sitting area, sink and fridge, just perfect. Excellent value as well, right across from GWU and a short walk to Georgetown, perfect location. The staff is very pleasant and courteous. The only problem we encountered was the Wifi which simply did 'not' work, despite calls and several tries with the IT service, which was a problem. However, this is a great 'boutique' hotel, and we will definitely return on our next visit to DC. 
132132532	 I only stayed at this hotel for a night because the price at my other hotel (which was 4.5 star) jumped up for that night and the Lombardy was like a quarter of the price. It was actually a much more comfortable stay than the expensive hotel so I was shocked at what great value it was. <br/><br/>The room was lovely, I had a corner so it was very bright. Had a safe and everything was clean, massive bed although the pillows were way too big and I had to use a towel instead of a pillow. <br/><br/>There was a gym which was in a basement (so no view) but all of the equipment was brand new and it had enough stuff for me to do a proper workout. Guys might struggle though, the weights only went up to 30 pounds I think. <br/><br/>Great location, I walked to the Smithsonian museums and it only took about 20 minutes. <br/><br/>Helpful staff too. The manager floats around and makes sure everything is going well. I'll definitely stay here again if I go back to DC. 
132110444	 We enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Lombardy in early June. All of the staff members were delightful~they always had a smile to share! The location allows for choice in walking to various sites or taking the Metro. We found Farragut West to be about a block closer than Foggy Bottom. There are plenty of restaurants in the area. I recommend a weekend breakfast at Founding Farmers, at the corner of Pennsylvania Ave. NW and 20th St. NW. We had a king room, which was fine for two people. Water pressure on the 8th floor was weak, but was sufficient. The free wifi was great, as was the comfortable bed with updated bedding. It was wonderful to be able to lock our bags at the hotel, after checking out, in order to sightsee before our flight. We will definitely be back! 
132059689	 We just arrived and always a warm welcome. The bellman takes the bags immediately, key is waiting and you are whisked to your room within seconds! Room is so spacious, ultra quiet and had a kitchen and great flat screen. Housekeeping brought up 2 complimentary waters and the stay begins. Can't wait for the yummy oatmeal cooked to perfection with berries for breakfast and their delicious meals at dinner - always superb! Can't beat the elegant service. We love coming back and you will too! PS no pool but i cant figure out how to not ck the box! 
132057673	 We've been staying at the Lombardy two or three times a year for the last four years and think of it as our home away from home. It has the great character and unique charm we look for in a boutique hotel. The location is convenient to every part of the District, just a couple of blocks from two different Metro line stops. The rooms are spacious, clean, quiet (if you're not facing the street) and the beds are unbelievably comfortable. I saw someone had a problem with shower pressure, but we've never experienced that. In fact, the shower heads and pressure have always been a big plus. The staff are friendly, accommodating and extremely helpful. In fact, I can't think of one single negative thing. I'd also suggest booking through their website at least 6 months in advance for some truly great room prices. 
110236280	 we enjoyed are stay at the lombardy hotel. the room was excellent beds comfy curtains closed on a evening and botled water provided by hotel. ideal location for siteseeing. would stay here again if ever in washington again. 
109814875	 Beautiful hotel with Early American charm. We were greeted each time we passed through the lobby. The hotel staff could not have been more friendly or helpful. The hotel is beautiful, quaint and very comfortable. 
109489886	 This is a nice small hotel in a good location. It was built in the 1920s and is a member of Historic Hotels of America. About 15 minute walk to the White House and to Dupont Circle. Rooms are nicely decorated, fairly large and comfortable. Bathroom could use a little updating but is clean and serviceable. Very quiet. Offers free Wifi but could only pick up a connection sometimes in our room. 
108667632	 I was attending the OpNetworkers conferance last year and needed a good inexpensive hotel with access to the Metro. My wife found the Lombardy via the Internet and booked it for me. The hotel was an easy walk from two Metro stations. I would suggest going to the Farragut West station as the construction around GWU makes dragging luggage a pain. The Lombardy is an old hotel, so expect tiny elevators and old decor, but my room was newly furnished and had a big plasma TV. The bed was extremely comfortable with many pillows (a pleasure for my bad back). The room was oddly divided into a mini dressing room, kitchen, dining room, bedroom and bathroom, but this was more charming than difficult. I found it much more interesting than a regular hotel room. The view from my 2nd floor room was not inspiring, but that was due to the large office building right next door. My windows overlooked a small alley and the smoking balcony of the adjacent building not more than 20 feet away. I'm sure the office building didn't exist when the Lombardy was built, so I can't complain. I just kept my shades shut. I understand the noise issue with the garbage men, as I awoke a few mornings to the sounds of a dumpster truck in the alley. Again, nothing the Lombardy staff can do about city workers, and I just used the noise as a wake-up call. As for staff, the Lombardy can't be beat for friendliness. I was greeted every day by the front door staff, and even had time to converse with them a few times. When I had issues with the wireless Internet, a technician came to my room to make sure I was connected to the correct access point. My reservations were handled correctly, and no unknown charges appeared on the bill. This is something I can't say about my last visit to an Embassy Suites. I did not eat at the restaurant inside, but there are several places within walking distance. Several small eateries and pubs around the GWU campus provided excellent food and atmosphere. In all, the only downside of the Lombardy for me is that it is not closer to the Federal Triangle. I will be attending the OpNet conferance again this year, and may have to chose a closer hotel. That's a shame, since the Lombardy is a great place and I really enjoyed my last stay. 
108627501	 Staff could not have been nicer. The rooms very clean and the beds were comfortable. Two bottles of water appeared on our nightstand each evening courtesy of the hotel, a nice touch and very much appreciated. . The location was excellent, right between two metro stops and many attractions were within walking distance. We will look forward to returning to the Hotel Lombardy the next time we visit Washington.. 
108079195	 Staff is very friendly and service-minded, location is excellent with all sights close, the sleep is undisturbed from street noise and other guests, the rooms are very large (I actually had three rooms, albeit small ones).<br/><br/>The internet was both wireless and via cable (provided) and was easily the best I experienced in my two weeks in the US.<br/><br/>The perfect choice! 
104284243	 Bathroom and room are old with a slight weird smell. Many stairs into the lobby so not best for babies or seniors. Location is in business district, therefore far from a dining scene, mostly chains nearby. The kicker is that when we let the front desk know that the cleaning lady didn't come by and it was 2pm, somehow the alram mysterious went off in the middle of the night after the cleanining lady stopped by. The customer service was certainly less than adequate. 
103969245	 Stayed for one night, in town for a conference. Was the best rate in the area of the conference when compared to the chain hotels. The hotel is small, cozy is a better word, not cramped. The small restaurant is nice, and the well-decorated, small and friendly bar is great. My room wasn't huge, but was very comfortable, and had a nice kitchenette surprisingly tucked into a corner. The biggest thing that struck me was how clean my room was. I didn't bother to ask or check, but I wouldn't be surprised if the hotel had recently been renovated, it was that nice. The bed was comfortable, the free Internet worked well, and the wait staff friendly, and helpful. I will definitely stay here again, and would recommend it to anyone. It doesn't appear to be too kid friendly, and there were a lot of adult couples coming in and out, so if you're looking for that kind of stay, this is a nice choice. 
103871639	 My husband and I spent four nights at the Hotel Lombardy last week and were happy with it. The room was very comfortable--slightly bland decor, but a great bed and a charming view over the little park in front of the hotel. I liked the bright, white bathroom. (Too many hotels have dreary beige!) The room had an alcove with a kitchenette and table with two chairs--an unexpected bonus that may mean that we had an upgrade. The staff could not be nicer--very warm and helpful. The location is fantastic--two blocks from the Metro, one from the Circulator, equidistant from the museums and Georgetown. Everywhere was a quick hop. We had breakfast in the hotel one day and enjoyed it. The dining room was very bright and cheerful and the food was good. Room service breakfast costs the same as in the dining room. We made up for the price by having take out from the Baja Fresh on the corner for dinner. All in all, a nice, relaxing stay. We'll definitely go back. 
103595485	 I took my family (kids 6 and 10) on a last minute trip to Washington for the Cherry Blossom Festival and museum hopping. I have never stayed at the Lombardy before and it was a bit more than I'd usually spend but we had a great experience. The staff is warm and welcoming. The suite was very spacious. The location near George Washington University was fantastic with many dining options within 2 blocks. I highly recommend eating at Founding Farmers! The Farragut West Metro stop is a 5 minute walk. The only things this hotel lacks are in-room movies and a pool. 
101896760	 What we liked: the gentlemen on the door, comfortable beds, bright clean bathroom, windows that open. Complications at lengthy check-in were nicely dealt with by strawberries and chocolate from the manager.<br/>Not so good: street noise, even on the 11th floor, is problematic but short of moving the hotel out of downtown the management can't really help. What they can do, however, is actually provide the internet they advertise. The cable in the room was hopeless; any connection we got lasted about 40 seconds and neither the tech guy who came twice nor the fellow on the other end of the 800 support number could resolve the problem. A tip for wireless users - the signal in the lobby isn't great, but in the Venetian Lounge down the hall it's fine.<br/>Note that parking, with tax, runs to $40 a night.<br/>We liked the Italian restaurant a couple of doors away. 
101844583	 My husband and I stayed there for one night and the location and service are great. It is a very old hotel and they have not updated many things that need attention, like the carpeting and the kitchen areas. Nevertheless, it is a great find. The only suggestion I have is that the check in area and breakfast room have very pungent flowers that filled the air with a very sweet smell. Flowers do not bother me, but the smell of these were overwhelming. 
185688188	 When I needed a &quot;get-away&quot; hotel for a three day period...one that would provide me with services that would literally pamper me, I considered a number of possibilities, finally choosing one of Washington, D.C.'s 'unique' hotels, the Hotel Lombardy at the junction of Pennsylvania Ave. and &quot;I&quot; Street. It proved to be an ideal choice. The service could not have been better and the Lombardy Dinning Room served a delicious menu of food unlike your more typical hotel restaurants would provide. They arranged for an 80 minute message witch provided me with a wonderful, restful sleep that night in the hotel's most comfortable beds. All in all, one of my finest hotel stays. I would recommend it with no conditions! 
184830765	 We stayed in Nov, 2013. The hotel is charming and lively. Great facilities: nice and big rooms, with a small kitchen. Beautiful entrance and great staff. The location is the best: close to a metro station and Georgetown.<br/>The price is not so good, but for Washington is fair. 
184712901	 I checked in very early at 10:45 AM and they had a room available for me. Great start! Very nice and friendly staff in every way. Easy walk to Georgetown and, in the other direction, to the White House. Very clean rooms, lots of pillows, and a cute dressing table and chair in the large bathroom. The restaurant is small but features big windows and excellent food and service. My only complaint is that the shower was a little old and the faucets were difficult to navigate. Also, slippery. That aside, it is a really charming place in a great location. DC has many chain hotels and very expensive hotels. The Hotel Lombardy is a great choice and good value. 
184650231	 Check-in: checked in bit early, after bit of a waiting, we got an upgrade to a Suite...Wow!<br/><br/>Very courteous staff......valet parking was available at $35 / night (parking at the adjacent building's basement)...rooms are very comfortable and with good layout (suite)...bathroom fittings are not classy, but ok, only hitch was there was no full length mirror in the suite; may could use backside of the storage room door for the mirror. <br/>Didn't dine at the hotel...there are plenty of options at a walking distance. <br/><br/>Overall, very good stay option for DC sight-seeing (most of the DC attractions are near-by e.g. White-house &amp; GWU about 1/2 mile away) and adds to the DC experience since this is one of the heritage property! 
184603475	 We stayed at Hotel Lombardy last weekend and had a lovely stay. We booked a King and a room with double beds. We were traveling as a family and found the hotel met all our needs. The King room was a bit tight, but the bathroom was very large and sunny. The room with double beds was much more spacious. The hotel from top to bottom is very clean. The lounge is especially inviting and cozy. The location,,,perfect. Just across the street was Founding Farmers a great food to table restaurant and Paul, a French bakery. Only 4 or 5 blocks from the White House and a few blocks from 2 metro stations. Most importantly you can't beat the price! Also 2 blocks away is a parking garage for half the price of valet. 
184371145	 This weekend was my second visit, as I was well-satisfied on my first. This trip, I brought my wife for a city-visit. She and I were very comfortable. This is a very well restored and preserved older hotel. You get the good- large rooms with high ceilings and thick walls, and none of the bad - simply no complaints from us. The linen is lush, and the bath and shower are large and nice.<br/>This hotel is located in Gold Triangle. During the week it is a financial district, although it grows a little quiet at night (a good thing). It's just a few blocks to Dupont Circle, and the Circulator Bus to Georgetown stops on the corner for easy trips to the evening's fun. It is halfway between Farragut West Metro and Foggy Bottom GWU Metro (three short blocks either way), so getting around on the Blue line (which serves the airport AND Smithsonian) is easy.<br/>We liked the Peruvian across the street, El Chalon, and nieghboring Conn ave is an eating street.<br/>We found the staff both friendly and professional, and the room to be impeccably clean.<br/>The hotel has style, class, a bit of historical feeling, and a practical location.<br/>This is my preferred address in this town. It's a bit outside the mass-tourist area (a good idea in DC!), but access to everything is easy. I also find excellent value.<br/>I'll be back. 
153143351	 This hotel is in better shape than some of the other &quot;heritage&quot; hotels in the immediate area -- perhaps more recently renovated. Very clean and spacious, with thoughtful touches (free bottled water on arrival, nice toiletries, cushy towels and robe) throughout. Gym is tiny and crowded, but why not get out and walk instead? It's an older building, so there are a few quirks -- eg, not as many power outlets (or not as conveniently placed) as our current tech-enabled culture might prescribe. Staff was ok, not super-friendly, but not intrusive, either. 
152743658	 Stayed there two nights on business .Arrived late due to flight delay. Efficient check-in to comfortable room, good bed (perhaps a bit on the soft side but a matter of taste ), a coffee machine and fridge, good internet and somewhat dated bathroom( but remember this is an heritage hotel). Breakfast is à la carte ; it comes fairly quickly ( 5-10 minutes wait) and servings both days were quite generous (eggs benedict with smoked salmon were yummy). Staff was very good from receptionist offering DC map to doorman providing directions to CSV to waiters in dining room fixing up a side order of yogurt . And the complimentary paper is the Washington Post ,not USA today! I did not pay for this so I cannot comment on value. 
152688049	 Loved staying at the hotel Lombardy over the weekend. Everyone was friendly, especially the bell hop who cam sour to park our car, and then said if we can find a spot for a few hours, we wouldn't have to pay for parking overnight because we stayed on Presidents' Day weekend and.mondau was a holiday. Saved us $80in parking!!!! Very happy with that. Very clean hotel. 
152663091	 The location was excellent. Close to the White house. Staff was helpful, nice and provide with good information. Valet aprking was expensive @ 32 a night, But i was able to park on the street &quot;free of charge&quot; after 6 pm. I was able to find paking in front of hotel. The room was very comfortable for an older hotel. the elevator was old, and small, but work didnt have to wait long. The bed was comfortable, overall very good hotel. 
152371366	 Spent a night here during a college visit (GWU and AU). Nice, spacious room, comfortable beds and a helpful staff, they let us check out late as we completed our tour of American University. Close to the Metro and very close to GWU. Would definitely stay here again. 
152246392	 We just spent two weeks at the Lombardy and had a great stay. The staff are very friendly and helpful, the rooms are cozy and clean, the food in the cafe' is really good, and there even is a small functional gym in the basement. One thing I would suggest to the management is to have a kettle and a microwave oven in the kitchenette. It would also be good if they did not block itunes, as it would be nice to be able to download films especially during longer stays. Overall, a great hotel in a great location with wonderful staff. 
124866921	 After searching for hours on the internet, I chose Hotel Lombardy for a mother-daughters girls' trip, and I'm so glad I did. The staff was incredible and treated us like royalty. I booked incorrectly, and we were upgraded for no extra charge. The room was eclectic, charming, and clean with modern upgrades. Georgetown was a 20 minute walk, $9.00 cab ride, or $1.00 bus ride. We shopped till we dropped, ate, and had drinks in some cool places. We were able to keep the car there until 8PM check out day. 
124865773	 This is a great place to spend a night for a little DC weekend getaway. It is small, very clean, charming, the staff is old school polite especially the bell hops. I get the impression that there are many more people staying during the week because of its location. We used to stay there when the elevators were still hand operated/manual and miss that since the renovation. The rooms are incredibly comfortable and we appreciate the design. Nothing plastic about it. Sort of pre war New York feel. The cafe is adorable and makes you feel as if you are in Europe. The Venetian Room has a great atmosphere. The whole place makes us (we are not from the city) feel as if we are in a big city, nothing suburban about it. We go with our two young daughters who love it. The beds are very comfortable. They recently renovated and all the pillows are new. Way too puffy for us. The staff brought us a feather pillow but they ran out. Would be great if they made smaller ones available. We will bring our own next time. 
124785545	 We checked in very late (3am) and where exhausted! Our room was beautiful and amazingly comfortable. Any questions or issues were resolved quickly by the top notch staff. The service and staff at this property was second to none! The rooms are awesome, but the elevator is TINY!!!!!! 
124540196	 Hotel was very charming and good location. Beds were a little too hard for my liking. Be careful having breakfast in the hotel. They add an 18% gratuity automatically. No business center. The front desk was willing to help out. Wireless connection in the room was poor at times. 
124514667	 I was disappointed that the bar was closed for renovation the night I was there, though nothing was posted to that effect on their website, through which I made the reservation. I was looking forward to a quiet drink at the end of a long day, so that was upsetting. I'd have gone somewhere else if I'd known. And no room service when i got back. And the pillows were all huge synthetic-filled monsters, not a down pillow among them, so my neck was cramped all night and I slept very badly. 
124453607	 I read recent rave reviews on this site so decided to book one evening for my husband's birthday celebration. Perhaps our check-in experience set the tone for our stay. When we approached the reception desk, one gentlemen greeted us and began checking our reservation. He was interrupted by another employee who said, &quot;I'll do this - you better speak to an angry guest.&quot; Our room was adequate - shabby chic with an emphasis on shabby as the paint and carpet need attention and the sleeping area was quite cramped. On the positive side, linens were lovely and bed was firm. Being near the elevator, we expected some noise but not the volume we experienced at 8am on Saturday morning. A work crew started moving furniture and pounding on the floor of the room directly above ours - it became very noisy very quickly and we couldn't wait to get out of there. Our speed was curtailed by a lack of bath towels and we had to call the front desk three times before a janitor finally dropped by. We needed to stop by the reception area on the way out to inquire about storing our luggage, and the front desk clerk pounded a bell on the desk without saying anything to us. About five minutes later, a very friendly bellman appeared and promptly took our bag. We like to try new hotels in DC and are usually very pleasantly surprised....this was not the case at the Lombardy. We should've been warned about the renovation (or given a room that was not directly beneath the work area),the service was a real mixed bag, and our anticipated leisurely morning was a hectic dash to get out. 
130410924	 We were disappointed in a the curt and rude staff. The room was good size, the housekeeping was good, the water pressure in the shower is exceptionally poor, and the location just so-so. Hallways feel a little like an early 1900s brothel. 
130399587	 This is not your typical cookie cutter hotel. Yes there are a million hotels in Washington but the staff at the Lombardy makes you feel welcome, and comfortable. The location is fantastic. Near GW University, the White House, and Georgetown. The Metro is also an easy walk. The Hotel itself is small but has character. The rooms are clean,and have lovely linens . The Hotel is in a historic building so do not expect everything to be bright and shiny new. I have stayed at this hotel at least 10 times. It is always my first choice when coming to Washington. 
130215334	 Put quite simply, there are dozens of fantastic hotels in Washington DC and this isn't one of them. The attempts at Venetian styling include slatted patio type doors outside of your normal hotel room door which have a tendency to slam when released. Window treatments meant to keep to this motif also serve to block almost no light. The shower (perhaps also in keeping with a mid-nineteenth century vibe) alternates between hot and cold water. The rooms are clean, but small by DC standards. For over $200 a night, there are simply much better options in this city. 
130139051	 This is my second stay at the Lombardy. Each stay has been very pleasant. The location is great- easy walking distance to the white house, national mall, georgetown and dupont circle. The rooms are decent size, with a stylish look and feel. The Lombardy is in a historic building, so don't expect all modern fittings. Do expect an authentic historic hotel. The restaurant is overpriced- don't bother eating there for breakfast. There are not a lot of options close by- Founding Farmers is very close. I found it overrated, but it does have a lot of choice for breakfast. Otherwise Dupont and Georgetown are a pleasant walk away and have lots of good options. Value wise, Lombardy is decent. Rates bounce around quite a bit, with the lower rates on weekends due to the location for World Bank and IMF business. Overall, a good stay and would recommend.  
130112200	 This is an adorable hotel located in a great section of D.C. Its 4 blocks from the White House and very convieniently located 2 blocks from Foggy Bottom Metro station.<br/>The room was small, but very comfortable. Great bed and linens. We stayed on the street side which was a little loud with traffic. But its in the city, so thats not the hotel's fault. If you want a quieter room ask for a room in the back.<br/>The breakfast was expensive - would recommend walking across the street to Founding Farmers for a great breakfast.<br/>The Metro was super easy to use and gets you to almost all hot spots in DC including museums and Memorials. <br/>The staff couldnt have been nicer. They were so attentive and kind. <br/>This is a historic hotel with lots of original art and ornate decor. Very cute.<br/>AC worked good and nice size bathroom. 
130031271	 We stayed at this hotel in February 2012 for Business and choose it for its location. From the moment we pulled up to the moment we left the door staff was exceptional. Parking was a bit pricey but we were parking in a city. <br/>The room size was excellent, the room was clean and the beds were comfortable. Our room faced another building and did not have a view, but we were not there to sit in the room so we had no issue with it.<br/>At night it was quiet in the area but there were plenty of restaurants within walking distance. For breakfast there was a Founding Farmers Restaurant a few blocks away that was wortht he trip. 
179387330	 There were a total of seven rooms for us this trip as I had my customer, academic partner and and my own staff stay here. I love this hotel and everyone was thrilled to have stayed here…great staff (cannot say enough about the staff from the bellman to front desk to the restaurant and cleaning crew), great location, impeccable rooms and great value. The staff bent over backwards to help me with our meeting at dinner Sunday and lunch in the Venetian Room yesterday.<br/><br/>The restaurant is so good that it makes no sense to go anywhere else and there are many choices in the immediate area. The historic hotel is quaint, not modern - well equipped and safe as I have traveled here alone in the past.<br/><br/>My guests were impressed and all said this will be their home in Wash DC next visit. <br/>As I have in the past, I will make this my spot to stay when I am in Wash DC. 
178987100	 Loved everything about this hotel. <br/>Room size was good, bedding was clean and comfortable.<br/>The bathroom was a good size and also very clean. The only issue is the shower pressure was terrible. You had to run around in the shower to get wet! <br/>Excellent location to main Washington DC sites ie. walking distance to white house, subway nearby, walking distance to Georgetown (which we loved).<br/>Would stay here again if in Washington, and would recommend to friends. 
178865379	 This small boutique hotel in the northwest area was a perfect location for our first trip to the Capitol. The room was nicely appointed, with a spacious bath, crisp linens and a friendly, helpful staff. We were able to walk to the monuments and down Constitution to a number of museums. We did take a cab to and from our tour of the Capitol Building due to distance and rain. The proximity to George Washington University added an academic flavor to our experience. Only negatives: whatever work was being done during the evening at a nearby location meant lots of noise-trucks backing up, trash/glass being dumped, construction sounds. Be prepared for expensive food if you eat in-house, although it is quite good. 
178833191	 This is a charming hotel about a half mile from the White House. I was upgraded to a suite, which is like a little apartment - a separate sitting room and bedroom (both with doors). The service was great – from the doormen to the front desk to housekeeping. Very friendly and a clean hotel, free wifi, and the food for our meeting was very good. I do wish there was an outside seating / dining area – it was gorgeous weather while I was there and I would’ve loved to sit outside. Also, the bathroom is TINY and has no storage-the hair dryer is in a bag tied to the towel rack.<br/><br/>Honestly, I'm a modern hotel kinda gal but this hotel was chosen for me because of a work meeting. Thus, some of the charm was lost on me because I'd rather have the modern amenities. (an example is the fact that there was no ice machine (although they’ll bring the ice up to your room), no soda machine, a small fitness center in the basement and the furniture was antique – which equated to a wooden chair at the desk, whereas I’d rather have an ergonomic desk chair, that kind of thing) However, it’s not fair to actually review the hotel on stuff like that – the hotel doesn’t claim to be modern, it’s historic. But FYI if you’re into modern amenities vs. old world charm, this isn’t the best choice for you. 
178493108	 Recently stayed a weekend at The Hotel Lombardy while moving our daughter into college. We ended up staying there bc many other hotels were booked. What luck we had- this hotel was great! The rooms are so spacious and the bed sheets are crisp as can be!! There was a nice kitchen area with a table and chairs which was great. Staff was very helpful and location was perfect for getting around. Just made reservations for Parents Weekend too!! 
177933529	 I recently stayed as part of a two-day business trip where I attended a conference at the GWU Marvin Center. <br/><br/>The location for getting to GWU is excellent, and it is also close to the Foggy Bottom Metro stop and to the Foggy Bottom Whole Foods.<br/><br/>The hotel itself is more like an old-school European experience. Tiny lobby, slow elevators, older hotel, smaller spaces, but done very nicely. For example, my room (regular King-size bed) came with a small kitchen and small dressing area. The bathroom is indeed very small, and I would have traded my dressing area for a bit more elbow-room in the bath.<br/><br/>My room was near the front of the hotel, and I had no problem with street noise.<br/><br/>I would definitely stay here again. 
119164535	 The Lombardy is in a very convenient location being close to the metro as well as numerous Washington landmarks. It is also very convenient if you're visiting one of the the various federal agencies. It is an old hotel but I found the room very comfortable and spacious. Free wireless Internet is a nice touch. <br/><br/>Staff were friendly - would definitely stay there again if I was visiting the same location. 
119161125	 It was our first visit to D.C. and decided to stay at Lombardy after reading reviews at here. Actually, the reasonable prices comparing to some other big name hotels was the first reason I chose to stay here. <br/>We showed at 10 o'clock in the morning, and surprisingly the room was ready and also check-in was smooth and easy. We stayed 5 nights, and the room was always clean and spacious for 2 people. King size bed was comfortable. Big screen TV had all the channels. Small complimentaries such as to find a newspaper even at an early hour, shoe shining or some fresh water was good. Also checkout was fast.<br/>But I must admit, we didn't try the restaurant, room service, or sport facility. So don't blame me if you are not happy with these.<br/>I would definitly stay at Lombardy again. For people who look place to just sleep in a comfortable bed and room, Lombardy is what you're looking for. 
119120006	 The hotel is well serviced by a number of Metro stations (Foggy Bottom, Farragut North &amp; Farragut West) which makes it easy to get around. THe hotel is slightly on I (eye) St NW which is a good thing as Penn Ave can be noisy with ambulance sirens. Reception was friendly and good with maps and info. Despite comments in previous reviews, the elevators (2) were modern and quick (although very small). We had one of the Parkview Suites which was a decent enough size although sparsely furnished. The main bedroom has a king size bed which was very comfortable. The lounge area has a pull-out sofa which was OK for our 11yo. The bathroom is VERY small. We didn't eat at the hotel as there are many good restaurants close by (try Founding Farmers and El Chalan Peruvian). Now I get to the service staff. Firstly the door guys mostly stood out the front chatting to each other and talking on their mobile phones. The door was not opened for us and they seemed more busy on their own business. They were not professional at all and I have to say a very motley crew. Secondly the housekeeping. Our room was clean enough but housekeeping has a strange racket going on with the bottled water. We were given 2 bottles of water each day but these aren't just left in the room for you. No, the housekeeper waits each evening until they know you are in and then they'll deliver the 2 bottles personally. This was obviously just so you gave them a tip. Otherwise why don't they just leave them in the room? As I said, this is a racket and I don't even know if this is endorsed by the hotel or a money making scheme by housekeeping. 
119098381	 Room was very spacious with small, modern stainless steel kitchenette (refrigerator, sink, table/2 chairs, etc), beautiful light, Frette linens, free (fast!) wireless or cable internet, dressing table, desk, extremely convenient - near subway, Whole Foods, many reasonably priced, restaurants, friendly, helpful staff (directed us to whatever we needed). I'd love to go back soon! 
119039631	 I went to DC with my 6 year old and Mother. Walking was going to be a challenge so being close to 2 subways was great. Restaurants, Walgreen, etc. close by as well. The staff/doormen/etc. took great care of us. They directed us each day, found us last minute car services, gave us waters and fruit before we left on adventures and on the way home. Hotel bar/restaurant were pricey and too grown up so we didnt use those features. Tiny kitchenette was perfect for keeping snacks, milk, etc. 
118820355	 Very lovely boutique experience in nice part of NW, on the edge of GWU. While the ambience is a bit Old World (and the elevators are outdated), the room itself was appropriately up to date to make an enjoyable stay. Well-outfitted room was comparable to much more expensive properties. My room had a 'kitchennette' but it was essentially a sink, mini-fridge, and coffeemaker (no microwave to heat those leftovers you you brought back from dinner and stored in the fridge!). Included a small dining nook with wonderful natural ighting, greatplace to sit and have coffee without feeling like you were in a hotel room.<br/><br/>Number of dining options close by with a wide variety of choices -- and quality! I enjoyed trying several of the GWU neighborhood joints (especially Foggy Bottom Grocery), but you'll find Au Bon Pain, TGI Fridays, and Johhny Rockets within a block or so as well. <br/><br/>Close enough to walk to the Mall and White House, although Metro stations were 5-6 blocks away in any direction.<br/><br/>No pool although they give you passes to another hotel's pool that is a 20-minute walk away. Probably not worth the trek. Although reasonably family-friendly, this is a place you use as base to enjoy all hat DC has to offer, it's not a place you count to provide your recreation while you are here. The fitness center is minimally adequate with a couple of machines and no free weights (that I could see). 
213346125	 Checked in the desk staff kind'a snippy. The bell hops and door people very nice. The room was fine, the bathroom was small but clean and usable. There was a weird little kitchen thingy that was useless except for the honor bar and basket of candy. It has been so long since we have seen this, the kids didn't realize that they were eating a bag of M&amp;M that cost 6$. <br/><br/>I am going to try a different hotel up the street next time I am in town, but If I don't like the new one I would come back to this one. 
213285700	 We booked the Hotel Lombardy as a last minute long weekend couples get for my wife and me. The reviews on Trip Advisor we positive so we were confident in our choice. The building is old so you know that there will be quarks; nothing major. The rooms are on the small side but the separate kitchen (fridge/sink only) and dressing/vanity rooms help make the suite much less cramped than just the bedroom area. We found the staff to very attentive and helpful. This was a very nice stay, great location and at a very good price. We would return to the Hotel Lombardy again. 
212997498	 Really enjoyed our stay here. The hotel is an historical building. The room is tastefully decorated and very comfortable. It has a small but adequate gym. We had a street view room and even on the 3rd floor street noise was no problem. The staff were lovely. The Venetian room was a lovely place for a drink. The Cafe Lombardy was really good and our waiter, Mohammed, was brilliant. The hotel is conveniently located to the memorial park and the White House. Founding Fathers restaurant is just across the road and is a good place for breakfast - very reasonably priced. Would definitely recommend. 
212837420	 The Hotel Lombardy is a hidden gem. It feels like a European hotel, and I loved everything about it. Great location, charming and spotless spaces, and terrific staff. Mohammed and all of the staff are just terrific. I loved it so much that I added an extra night to my stay. 
212695520	 The hotel has lovely staff and the rooms were simple and small yet clean and comfortable. We had three rooms that were all that way. The air conditioning did not reach the bathroom but other than that it was fine. The location is great and you can walk everywhere. Valet parking is a plus! 
212610972	 The Lombardy is a Charming Hotel with great customer service and conveniently located walking distance from the Metro. The rooms are clean, comfortable and the staff friendly and helpful. Free WiFi makes it ideal for business travelers 
58580766	 Perfect! Perfect location, perfect rooms, perfect service. The ONLY thing that has to go is the elevator service. Its way too slow.. but we were on vacation, so no rush to go anywhere. <br/>We highly recommend. 
57793319	 I absolutely LOVE The Lombardy - if nothing else but for the fact that I booked a luxury room on one of those Web booking sites and was upgraded to a suite when I got to the hotel! Huge suite - livingroom, kitchen with small breakfast nook, a view over DC (suite was on the 11th floor), comfortable bed, great bathroom, flat-screen TV in both bedroom and dining room - great toiletries, functioning coffee maker, easy thermostat, ceiling fan - OMG, I really loved the whole setup. <br/>Free Ethernet connection on the desk in the livingroom, very fast and very reliable. Nicely stocked minibar, not too overpriced.<br/>They were renovating the elevators, so I assume that the hand cranking elevator staff will be gone. Otherwise, the hotel is lovingly restored to its 100 year old glory and gorgeous everywhere you look. Water pressure was a little dicey in the shower, but I tend to overlook such things when everything is so historic about the building. Had dinner in the restaurant - good food without too many complications. Had drinks in the bar which is super cozy and quite romantic (for those not traveling solo). Only drawback was that I asked for a wakeup call in the middle of the day, and they forgot. Otherwise I can't fault them for anything. Will stay there if I return to DC again. 
57374721	 This hotel is like no other; I can't wait to go back! The elevator is the old, hand crank kind with a bell-man who tends to your service--so neat!!! The rooms were small but very clean and nice amenities. They provide you with Bath and Body works soap, shampoos and lotions, not &quot;no name&quot; garbage. The bed sleeps like a gem. We had a king size bed with clean thick linens and turn-down service. Very nice! The bathroom has a ceramic tub and the water go sooo hot which was great when you come in from the cold. The rooms were so clean that you felt safe to actually take a bath! <br/><br/>You can't beat it for $99 on a Friday night. All of the staff members were very professional and nice. The only disadvantage is the parking situation. If you arrive before 5 pm, bring quarters. The parking in the garage is very limited and you will have to park on the street until something in the garage opens up. Other than that, it was worth the price. Good location for walking DC and site seeing. Just a quick walk to the White house. 
56876119	 My wife and I stayed at Hotel Lombardy for a Friday and Saturday night. The hotel itself has the early 20th century charm in decoration and feel. Located next to the Madison House, it's tucked in nicely off Pennsylavania Ave and you'll miss it if you're not looking for the awning. <br/><br/>The staff was very pleasant and helpful. When we checked in, we had to carry our bags up the small staircase inside the foyer, but on the checkout, they were carried for us. To the defense of the hotel, when we arrived, they were busy with another customer who seemed to be occupying them rather completely. The check in went very smoothly with no hitches with our reservations which we had made online.<br/><br/>The door to the room proved more challenging than expected, but my wife and I chalked it up to user error. When sliding the card into the lock, have the handle turned already otherwise you'll need to have cat-like reflexes. Unfortunately, I'm not a cat. That was different than any other hotel I've been in before.<br/><br/>The rooms were big enough for the two of us with a closet off to the side. The TV was digital, but only one channel in their cable package came in HD. The bathroom was big enough for both of us, but only one sink and a dressing table along with a toilet and bathtub\w shower were there. Our one major complaint was the shower was varying from hot to cold one evening. My guess is this was due to the volume of users since it didn't happen on the other evening. Still, it makes for a lot of jumping around in the tub and that's not the safest place for that.<br/><br/>The view from the window was directly into an office tower, so expect to see nothing other than someone else's work habits and organizational skills. That was a bit disconcerting, but given the age of the hotel and the younger age of the office building, there is little that can be expected when going with a hotel in a major city. For us, it wasn't a deal breaker. Also, since Penn Ave is a busy street, street noise gets channeled up the space between buildings. Late at night wasn't a problem, but from 7 pm to 11 pm, the traffic noise was noticeable and sirens a bit hard to miss.<br/><br/>The location is across the street from Geo. Washington University and many eating options are within walking distance, so we were very happy with that. We only used a taxi for the airport. Everywhere else was close enough.<br/><br/>The Mall is about a 15 minute walk through the campus, which is pleasant enough. All in all, we spent most of Saturday walking the area quite easily.<br/><br/>The area does a personality change on the weekend, though. If you're looking for hustle and bustle, Saturday and Sunday, the offices are closed so the atmosphere is desolate, oddly enough. Again, it didn't prevent us from going to restaurants, but the shopping options will be a bit more limited. 
56320029	 I surprised my boyfriend with a weekend in DC. After doing research here, I booked a suite at Hotel Lombardy. The night prior to our departure, I told him where we're going. Upon our arrival, the doorman, front desk staff and elevator operators, yes elevator operators, were pleasant. The suite was eclectic, roomy, and clean. I appreciated the separate vanity. We both enjoyed the flatscreen TV and separate eating area. Two suggestions for Hotel Lombardy would be to add a microwave to the kitchenette area. We would have appreciated that addition. Also, a few times we used the stairs instead of waiting for the elevator. Recommendations in DC - Nat'l Gallery of Art, Museum of American Indian, Georgetown's 1789 (restaurant), Korean War Memorial. Avoid - TGIF near Hotel Lombardy (ridiculous service - we left), &quot;Shear Madness&quot; - show at Kennedy Center (entertaining, but not worth the tix price) Enjoy DC - It's a FANTASTIC city! 
56200260	 My husband and I stayed only 2 nights, but it was a nice stay. The valet service was quick, check in was smooth and the staff in general was very helpful. It was unlike any hotel I have stayed in before, quaint and unique. The location was very good and there were several great places to eat very close by. We opted not to drive around town, but the metro was convenient and I know there is a bus line close by as well. I checked out other reviews before booking, but none of the other complaints were and issue for me. The only thing I felt would be a great improvement would be in relation to the bathrooms. The shower had very weak water pressure and the bathroom had no real heat, the tile floor was very cold. While we didn't go into the lounge, it looked really nice and cozy. We didn't eat anything at the hotel, so I have no idea what the food is like. We ate nearby at Founding Farmers and it was terrific. The doormen, elevator operators and valets were outstanding. We also got good information from the front desk staff. They even gave us a late check out which allowed us to see another sight before we left. I would stay again! 
76243372	 Stayed for one night at the Hotel Lombardy. It's in a very pleasant area of DC and is about 4 blocks from the Metro. My single room was big and pleasant, some modern touches and some older ones. It's an older building, and as others have mentioned, the floors squeak a lot. You can hear the person above you walking around easily. It's almost loud enough to be a little disturbing. The free internet worked well. Overall, I thought it was a nice hotel though. 
76205917	 Only stayed for one night but we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Hotel Lombardy. We arrived early in the afternoon (before check-in time) but were able to check in immediately and were also lucky enough to be upgraded to a suite on the top floor. The suite was extremely spacious and the bed very comfortable.<br/>All the members of staff we met were friendly, helpful and professional.<br/>As stated in other reviews, the location is excellent, easy walking distance to the White House and plenty of restaurants.<br/>Would definitely stay here again. 
76077198	 This hotel was super cute and you can tell they pay a lot of attention to detail in the rooms (but don't eat or drink anything in the mini bar, b/c the items cost a small fortune!). Their parking is outrageous! It cost us $36 per night to park the car, which is about 1/3 of what we paid for our room! And when we arrived, they had no spots for us until after 5:30 b/c they rent spots from an office. So in addition to the $36 per night, we had to pay to park our car for the day in D.C. The hotel was unwilling to compensate us or give us a break b/c they couldn't provide us with a parking spot for a few hours. Personally I think they need to rectify that situation or at least compensate their guests for the trouble. Also the elevators are tiny! And they didn't have ANY working elevators while we were there the 1st day. One was being modernized and the other one was being serviced. You have to be pretty stupid to plan your elevator servicing on that schedule. They gave us a room on the 3rd floor so we could walk up. Now we are not lazy people, but with huge suitcases, I think that's asking quite a bit! All in all we'd stay there again b/c the hotel itself was great, but these little parking and elevator issues were really annoying, especially when we were not compensated for them!!! 
75988599	 Stayed at the hotel Lombardy for 4 nights at the end of July.<br/><br/>Location is good. Between Foggy Bottom and Farrugut West Metro stops. We got metro from Reagan National Airport and found the hotel easily. Also DC Circulator bus going to Union station stops at corner of Pennsylvaina Av and 21 St and to go to Georgetown you can catch the DC ciculator bus around the corner on 21 St. Only costs $1. Easily walkable to White House and Lincoln Memorial. <br/><br/>Check-in easy, although the front desk staff weren't terribly friendly. Only one lift working because they are working on the other one. The first evening, we waited for a very long time for the lift down, but otherwise, it was fine. <br/><br/>We had a room with 2 queen beds. It was lovely - not just standard chain hotel white and beige room. Plenty of space. Kitchenette area good and plenty of room in the minibar/fridge to store your own items. Beds comfy and bathroom clean. Wi-fi very weak and hard to get / maintain signal. No noise from floors above or rooms beside us. <br/><br/>Very quiet area - especially at night. Little shopping mall opposite was very useful: had Au Bon Pain for buying breakfast, an Italian restaurant, an ice-cream place and a Johnny Rockets; plus a TGI Friday very close-by. <br/><br/>Good base and would stay there again. 
75638442	 Hotel only a few blocks from White House. Had small room but it was very nice with all the amenties. Front desk clerk could be friendlier. Would stay again. 
75232355	 I was supposed to stay in the hotel for 9 days and had to leave after a week because I just couldn't take it anymore. The first couple of days were fine. The room seemed very clean and the hotel was very comfortable. My internet service never worked and even though I called the outside vendor that handled the issues and the unpleasant engineer to my room, it never did work in the first room I stayed in. I dealt with the issue despite the annoyance. I arrived on a Wednesday and on Saturday evening some of my coworkers took me to town for some drinks. I got in at 2:30am and the hotel was locked and all of the lights inside were off. I stood outside ringing the doorbell for at least 5 minutes. A staff member finally came to open the door and it was obvious he had been asleep. He opens the door and asked how I was doing. When I asked him the same, he responded, &quot;SLEEPY.&quot; I couldn't believe the attitude and the fact that they would lock up and go to sleep. The floors in the hotel room are extremely squeaky and that day they put someone in the room over me. That was the beginning of the end of any rest in that room. The person would get up at 5am or 6am and pace the room. The old, squeaky floors made it impossible to sleep. The next day I realized there was a brown dirt ring in my toilet bowl as if it hadn't been cleaned in days or weeks. I finally went to the front desk person and asked for it to be cleaned the next time the housekeeper came to my room. Didn't realize I had to ask for the toilet to be cleaned, but I didn't make a big deal of it. I decided to also ask her if the hotel had a curfew because of the locked doors at night. She said that two people were supposed to be on staff at that time and she would report it to the front desk supervisor. I stayed in the same room for one more evening with no sleep because of the squeaky floors above and I eventually asked for a room on the top floor. When I met with the front desk spvsr I mentioned the toilet and the locked doors. He didn't seem to have been told about the incident by his staff. He seemed very sympathetic. The new room seemed better then the one I was in even though a handle was broken on a cabinet in the kitchen. I didn't care, but I pointed it out to the 2 YOUNG GIRLS at the front desk and they stared at me as if I was speaking another language. I didnt ask for it to be fixed, I just wanted them to be aware of it so that my company wasnt charged for it when I checked out. They never did seem to understand what I was telling them and it was obvious that everytime I turned my back they were making faces or talking about me to each other. I noticed the same behavior from the same two days before. When I told the spvsr he didnt seem too interested. That evening I had to walk the 11 flights up the stairs because a bus load of people had just arrived and there is only one working elevator. I didnt complain. I was happy to find that my new room had a working internet connection. I wasnt happy to know that after all of the assistance I asked for, the issue wasn't actually with the hotel, but with the room and they didnt move me sooner. Still, I didnt complain. While doing work and watching tv, I kept hearing a loud thumping and squeaking noise every couple of minutes. I figured work was being done and they'd stop eventually. When I finally went to bed at 2am I realized the noise happened every couple of minutes and came from the old elevator. I could've cried. The 4th night with no sleep. I realized at that point why the room was vacant. I contacted my travel agent and had them move me to the Beacon the next morning. When I checked out, the front desk GIRL (very young and unprofessional again) typed while asking about my stay. All I said was &quot;I'm going to another hotel to finally get some sleep.&quot; She looked down at my key card and room number and said &quot;Oh yeah, you were near the elevator.&quot; NICE. So the supervisor knew I would be trading in one noise issue for another. How undbelievably rude. Amazing. I repeated that to her and she just kept saying, &quot;Uh huh. yeah, sorry about that.&quot; as she typed. She didnt even lift her head. I was in total shock. When I told her I would speak to my company about the service she asked me to wait a minute, went to the back for about 2 minutes, I'm assuming to ask the supervisor how he wanted to handle it and came back and said, &quot;yeah, we're sorry about all of that.&quot; That's all. The bright side, The beacon was nice enough. Next time - Washington Plaza or the Beacon. Some of the staff here was really pleasant, but it isn't worth you spending your money here. Also, I share what another person said. The housekeeping staff met in the hallway at 7am while I was on the 11th floor. I'd had about 2 hours of sleep and they were all in the hallway talking and laughing at 7am! 
159076795	 We are just back from 5 nights at this hotel and our stay couldn't have been better. We splurged for the suite and it was like having our own small apartment (if it had only had a stove, we could have moved in!). We were steps from the elevator and never heard it once. The room was clean and well appointed. The fold-out velour sofa was a bit of a throw-back to another time and wasn't very comfortable to sit on, but that is the worst thing to say about our stay. The staff was fabulous, attentive but not over-bearing. Very genuine in their willingness to serve. Seeing the old woodwork and the glass doorknobs told us this was the real thing in terms of history. All in all, I loved the place and highly recommend it. 
158717134	 This hotel was in the perfect location for us to visit GWU. It is also an easy walk to Georgetown, the White House, the Mall, etc. <br/>The staff was friendly and quite helpful.<br/>The beds were comfortable. The bathroom is nice and clean, but only able to accommodate one person at a time. Lighting in the vanity area isn't really sufficient for applying makeup. We had a good size refrigerator and a sink in our kitchenette. 
157965945	 We just had the most wonderful stay at the Hotel Lombardy. This is truly a hidden gem. We stayed right next to the elevator -- heard not a sound. Our room was so large, the three of us felt like we had all the space in the world. A dressing room, kitchenete and bedroom. Luxury. This historic hotel had all the charm in the world. The lobby is very small -- almost a foyer, but there were always staff in that space willing to greet you, help with bags or directions. The restaurant was spectacular! We will definitely be back. 
157937373	 We stayed four nights at this hotel while we toured the sights of Washington. It is well sited for this purpose being only 5 mins from the Metro, 20 mins walk from Georgetown and 30 minutes to the Washington Monument, <br/>The hotel is older on ten floors with lots of character, The room we had on the 10 floor was quiet, well furnished and very comfortable. The staff are friendly and helpful.<br/>They have a restaurant which served a good breakfast but, be warned, coffee is extra and there is a service charge as well as local taxes. It is way cheaper and quicker to use the local restaurants like Wholefoods near the Metro. 
157927327	 We stayed here with my in-laws for 4th of July last year, and we all loved it! A charming hotel in a good location...close to attractions but quiet. If you know when you'll be visiting, pay up-front and it's a great deal! Trust me getting a nice hotel in the District at our under $200 per night is a deal, I couldn't believe how nice this place is for the money. Also right down the block is the best breakfast around...Founding Farmers...a must! 
131513953	 This hotel had lots of great character. The rooms were nice and very clean. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom was spacious with a vanity table , and lots of natural light. Staff was nice and very helpful. Front desk printed out our boarding pass ,which is always a nice bonus. Lots of resturaunts nearby. Great Italian place across the street ( Berticelis ). If you don't like walking taxis are available at a very good rate. Taxi was also less expensive then taking the airport shuttle bus. Also there is a CVS store across the street for snacks and sodas to help save you from using mini bar. 
131444494	 Room was clean and very nice. Huge bed! Shower wasn't great because there was so little water coming out of it and it was really hard to adjust the temperature. But despite this I'd stay there again. 
131423341	 The Lombardy is run of the mill hotel you would expect in any large city. Nothing out of the ordinary; Meets requirements albeit at top rate.<br/>Mediocre staff.<br/>Breakfast was the only meal we took at the hotel restaurant - inferior quality and expensive, AVOID! 
131377176	 My friend and I went to hotel Lombardy just before Memorial Day weekend. It is a quiet and clean hotel where the staff is very helpful and nice. The lady at the front desk even booked our Greyhound bus tickets for us! The room was bigger that we expected and had everything we needed. I defintely recommend this hotel which is very close to a subway station, circulator bus stop and nice restaurants! 
131376912	 Classic hotel with charm. I was greeted with friendly smile and was checked in promptly. Doorman was just as pleasant. Room was spacious with a nice view of Pennsylvania Ave. Clean, quiet, and very comfortable. Unfortunately, I did not get to try the food but am told it is very good. Convenient to Metro (only a couple blocks either direction). I will definitely keep this in mind when I return to the city. Worked out cheaper than the big chains and I felt a much better experience. Thanks. 
131292662	 Good size rooms by city standards and a good price - much cheaper than other hotels of similair standard, but valet parking by hotel is expensive- there is a car park about 100 yards away. Very convenient location. TGI Friday's 50 yards away , Founding Farmers restaurant 100 yards away ( booking essential for evening meal) . 
44018872	 I looked at some of the sterile looking rooms of other hotels in the area and chose to avoid those and stay at the Lombardy. I'm glad I did! The room was large, and best of all, the luggage area was separate from the bedroom area which I always love. It means that you can keep your room &quot;hotel&quot; pristine without seeing your suitcase open and clothes hanging over a chair etc. There was also a separate kitchenette.<br/>Rooms were super quiet, wonderfully decorated and clean. I loved the quirky elevator and some of the staff were super friendly. (one woman who answered the front desk phone was less so ). Perhaps I've lived in Boston for too long, but I found the concierge who helped me in the elevator a little uber friendly, touching my arms a few times too many. Tip: You can't order breakfast before 7AM, and they won't accept orders the evening prior. If you have an early meeting or have to catch a morning flight, the earliest you'll receive room service is 7:20. 
43648786	 We enjoyed our stay in the Lombardy, and found it had a very european feel, except for the large american beds!! It was ideally situated for our short stay, giving quick and easy access to all the main iconic sights, whether travelling by metro or on foot. 
43108714	 A small quaint hotel for those that don't like big mega hotels. I have stayed there for over a decade........haven't been back for awhile.........but this is a place worth checking out!!! 
42300680	 Its tne second time I've stayed here. I like the funkiness of the person operated elevators,and the friendly professional staff, but this time am so annoyed over the non-working wired connection and the fake promises to address my complaints about a lesser room, when I've brought colleagues and booked several rooms here for several nights. No ice machine, they bring you ice. No wireless, you call an 800 number for technical assistance on a wired connection- and are very polite about their limits on addressing that. Sorry, maam, the pool is closed for the season. All with a very friendly, charming face, but not meeting my needs for comfort and amenities. 
40458905	 Great location - nice neighborhood, close to the sights and metro stations. Courteous staff. Very clean spacious room. Little touches that made it special: classical music playing on the alarm clock when we got to our room, down comforter on the bed, all the light switches had dimmers, Bath &amp; Body Works shampoos and soaps. Valet parking is pricey, you could save some money by parking in a nearby public garage. 
39884127	 We had a great experience at the Hotel Lombardy last August. Our room was comfortable and spacious, with sbig sitting area off the bedroom, a kitchenette. The furnishings were very nice, the service very good and friendly. 
131001004	 We stayed in Washington and found this hotel's location was amazing - we walked everywhere and didnt need our hire car! Beautiful hotel, amazingly pleasing decor with luxury and style. Service was fantastic and it made our stay in DC something special. We will certainly stay there again when we visit again. 
130951455	 Stayed here for three nights at the start of our US holiday. We flew into Dulles and caught the 5A bus to Rosslyn and then the metro to Foggy Bottom and the hotel was just a five minute walk from there. We booked a kingsize standard and were pleasantly surprised to find that we had a nice sitting room (with sofa bed), large hallway plus bedroom and bathroom. The bed was really comfy. <br/>We didn't eat at the hotel, as we got our breakfast each morning from the Whole Food Market in Eye street - a real find. <br/>We ate the first evening just across the road at the Founding Farmer's restaurant - very good.<br/>We walked everywhere from the hotel, Georgetown - 20 mins, Arlington - 35 mins, Whitehouse 10 mins and Capitol 45 mins.<br/>The only slight downside were the reception staff who were not very welcoming given we had just arrived after a long journey from the UK. They just checked us in, provided no local information and we had to ask for a map! The rest of the staff were very pleasant. 
130931296	 We stayed here at the last minute after being very disappointed with another hotel so it was a great change so perhaps my review is a little biased!<br/><br/>Cons: The room wasn't huge and the view was of the adjacent building so it made the room dark and it didn't get enough light.The air-conditioning was really strong which is good for hot summers but it was facing the bed directly and you cannot move the vents, because I'm sensitive this made me really sick.<br/><br/>Pros: GREAT location. Walking distance to absolutely everything from the quaint shops of M street and the cafes of Georgetown, to the monuments and museums to the bars of downtown and the trendy area of DuPont. Everything was within reach and it was extremely easy to catch a cab.<br/>The staff were very helpful and accommodating and made the room available even though we checked in at 10am. <br/>The cafe near the lobby area is known for it's great brunch and had lovely fresh breads and bagels.<br/><br/>All in all, especially after our bad experience it was a great stay and I definitely recommend this hotel. 
130907157	 Great location to the metro--friendly staff--amazingly comfortable beds 
130879245	 While moving my daughter to DC in late May, we had the opportunity to stay at the Lombardy. Great location near GW Univ., perfect rooms, helpful staff, flexible response tour special request, reasonable price, and terrific (al la carte) breakfasts. Wished we could have stayed longer. 
130656176	 Quaint, charming, quirky, and vintage feeling hotel in downtown DC. A book in the room stated that the hotel has been designated a &quot;historic hotel&quot; by the preservation society. The antique furnishings and heavy, rich fabrics used everywhere gave me the feeling that I was staying at a rich relative's house rather than a hotel. The room was incredibly spacious with an entryway, dressing area, small dining area, and kitchenette in addition to the sleeping area and bathroom. <br/><br/>Things I liked: downtown location, the best hotel pillows EVER, free WiFi, good shower water pressure, lots of mirrors, nice smelling Bath&amp;Body Works toiletries, nice staff, and a hotel bar with lots of dark woods and plenty of character. <br/><br/>Things I did not like: only 2 tiny elevators for 11 floors, no driveway (cabs drop you off on the street and you have to navigate some sidewalk foot traffic to get to the hotel), difficult to hail cabs from this location, hard to open my room door with my key card, and the flat-screen TV in my room did not work. <br/><br/>Overall, this hotel was a great deal for a great location. 
156214478	 My niece and I stayed here for five nights at the end of March and I am so glad we did! This lovely old world hotel is located is an easy walk to the White House and the Foggy Bottom Metro Station. The area is very safe and close to George Washington University and the George Washington Medical Center.<br/><br/>Getting to the mall was an equally easy walk down 21st street which left you right at the entrance to the Vietnam War Memorial and the Lincoln Memorial which was pretty great. If you aren't walkers, the Metro can get you across town in no time.<br/><br/>We found our room to be very clean and comfortable, (especially the bed) with many thoughtful touches - daily bottles of water, lovely toiletries, daily newspaper and mini-bar. The room and bathroom were both a nice size and our bathroom had a small vanity area that my niece really appreciated. Please note that the light switches all have dimmers in the form of sliders on the side of the switch. If you need a little more light then slide it up and there you are. Our room at the back of the hotel was nice and quiet.<br/><br/>The staff are all nice, helpful and professional, especially the housekeeping and the bell staff. All in all an excellent value in our nation's capital. Not only will I stay here the next time I visit, I will recommend it highly to anyone seeking a wonderful room in a wonderful city. 
155850669	 The Lombardy is a really good choice for Washington DC. It's much less expensive than your standard international hotel chains, but provides a level of quality that is on a par (or exceeds) them. It's also a nice old-ish building, with good sized rooms which are simply but tastefully decorated (emphasis on white). Extra-comfy bed, really nice bathroom and posh selection of toiletries. Also tea and coffee-making facilities (strangely enough, in the bathroom). On Pennsylvania Ave, it's within easy reach of both tourist sights and offices. Like all US hotels, breakfast isn't included in the price and is extortionately priced (as a European, this always strikes me as a bit of a rip-off) - but that's nothing unusual in that country. There are lots of restaurants nearby, including good breakfasting places. There's free Wi-Fi. The staff are helpful but not over-friendly, except for the lovely doormen, who are absolute stars. 
155546273	 My husband &amp; I stayed here for a second anniversary for one night. Got the room real cheap since it was a last minute thing. We will probably never stay in this fancy of a hotel ever again with how poor we are. We LOVED Hotel Lombardy. All of the staff was extremely friendly. Love the atmosphere/style of this hotel. If you are claustrophobic then you may not want to go here since the elevators &amp; walls are very narrow, but from my understanding this is due to the age of the building &amp; them wanting to keep that feel of the 1920's. Glad it was my husband in the smaller of the elevators because I felt like I was getting to know him. Loved the dark narrow hallways it just makes you feel like you're back in time. When I saw that our room was ALL white I laughed &amp; said &quot;Hunny this room is not made for you&quot; since he's a grease monkey. And for being that everything was white I was VERY VERY impressed that I did not even see one lint ball on the sheets or comforter. Wish we had a better view but we were towards the back of the hotel I guess its the luck of the draw. Loved seeing the housekeeper wearing the old styled uniform. Again adding to the 1920's feel. The location was great about 2-3 blocks away from the White House. We were able to walk to just about every monument &amp; museum. 
155329036	 This hotel is a couple of blocks down I Street from the metro station and there is a bus stop right in front of the hotel. Very convenient.<br/>The staff was wonderful - very helpful. We enjoyed the free waters and apples!<br/>The restaurant is a hidden gem. We had breakfast and dinner and the food was the best we had on our trip. <br/>It is a historical hotel but everything was very clean and charming. Our room had an extra little room divided with a curtain with a table and chairs and refrigerator and sink. We were glad we chose to stay there. 
155147575	 From the moment of our arrival we were treated in a welcoming and warm fashion. We had a corner room that gave us a feeling of roominess. It was very clean. I loved the toiletries in the bathroom. Our king-sized bed felt very luxurious with great linens. The restaurant had an excellent menu and was under the aegis of a great waiter. The location is perfect for the casual traveler...close to metro stops, good restaurants of all price ranges nearby. 
154853817	 This was our firsrt visit to Washington D.C. If what they say is true, that first impressions are most important, then the Hotel Lombardy definitely made an excellent first, second and third impression. From the very first meeting with the door men, to the front desk, to our housekeeper, everyone was pleasant, outgoing and extremely eager to help you in any way possible. WIthout a doubt, we will be back again. Thank you Hotel Lombardy for making our stay in Washington D.C. a very memorable one!!! We give youi all 5 stars!!!!! 
7646868	 I loved it--it was pretty much what we were expecting from the reviews. Yes, it's older, the floor has a couple creaks and pops, the rooms aren't huge, but it has tons of charm, and a very classy hotel that's set up with everything modern you need. The beds are comfortable, there was a mini fridge, the room was clean, the staff is helpful, the elevator is a great novelty. And the location is great! We stayed the first night in a different hotel, and found this one by walking past on our way to the White House and then walked to almost everything from the hotel. <br/><br/>I forget exactly what I paid-but most people seem to find pretty good deals online, mine was under $200/night. If I had to do it again, I would, and the hotel is definitely worth it.<br/><br/>For the hotels I was comparing it to, this was probably the best I could have done! All the others where big chains, with nothing special about them, I wanted something a little bit different, but not much more expensive.<br/> 
7580924	 I stayed at the Hotel Lombardy with my boyfriend whilst on business in Washington DC.<br/><br/>On arrival we were given a room on the 2nd floor, arriving in the room i was extremley disappointed with the view as we were directly overlooked by an office building, the close proximity of the office building didn't allow for much natural light into the room and for privacy we often had the blinds closed, which made the room gloomy.<br/>The bathroom was spacious and a dimmer switch was a nice touch.<br/>Breakfast in the hotel was vastly overpriced and i wouldn't recommend<br/>it, there's a cafe across the street which offers a good breakfast variety for 1/4 the price.<br/><br/>The hotel is about a 5/10 minute walk to the metro.<br/><br/>On the whole the hotel ws average, for those visiting Washington I would recommend you book as far in advance as possible and take advantage of any special deals you come across, because really you can't get a decent hotel room in DC for less than $400 a night!<br/><br/>I would defintely recommend a visit to Georgetown whilst in Washington, it cost us $15 for a taxi from the hotel, defintely worth<br/>the money. 
7565493	 It is hard for me to call a $230 hotel a &quot;good value&quot;, but for D.C., that is exactly what it is. In researching a one night weekday stay, I was hard pressed to find anything three stars or higher for less than $300. I am glad that I chose the Lombardy.<br/><br/>Although several past reviewers complained about the service, I found it acceptable. The doorman was helpful and courteous and the front desk was most pleasant. On our way to dinner, we could not find the doorman so we had to hail our own cab, but raising your arm yourself really is not that difficult. Nothing to complain about in total.<br/><br/>The hotel building is in a good location. Only a few minutes walk to the Whitehouse and a short drive or cab ride to Georgetown. <br/><br/>The interior of the hotel building is nice and very well maintained. The rooms were in good condition and were decently appointed. My only complaint would be concerning the bathroom. It was clean and the fixtures looked new, but it had a cheap feel to it. Kind of like a bathroom you would find in a mass produced, mid-range apartment building. Not something you would expect for a hotel.<br/><br/>Although the Lombardy was not perfect, my wife and I agreed that it would not be worth dropping the extra $100 to have stayed somewhere else in the area.<br/> 
7556151	 I stayed at the Lombardy while attending a series of business meetings and found it a delightful departure from standard business fare. <br/><br/>The hotel itself used to be a number of private apartments thath have been converted to rooms. The elevators require operators (how quaint!), so there is sometimes a bit of a wait for them. My room was on the 11th floor in the back, and very quiet. The hotel also has a modest work-out room in the basement.<br/><br/>The bar and restaurant were good as far as hotel offerings go, but better food can be had at Washington institution Kinkead's (right across the street) or at a number of other eateries within walking distance or, at worst, a short cab ride.<br/><br/>The rate was right, the people were nice and helpful, and I'd stay there again!<br/> 
7543742	 I stayed at the Lombardy with my company at the end of April, beginning of May. The rooms were large, and comfortable. The staff was friendly and attentive. We really appreciated the complimentary high speed internet. Not a great hotel for the business traveler, since there's not a business center, but, we managed. Great location near the GWU campus, convenient to most. A real hidden gem. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone who needs to have bells, whistles, and high tech modern conveniences, since this is an older property (hand cranked elevator), but for anyone who appreciates charming details, this is a great hotel. We plan to stay there again.<br/> 
7482055	 We stayed three nights April 25-28, 2007. The hotel is well located for either walking to the Mall/Capital Hill area or catching the Metro 2 blocks away. Several good restaurants in the immediate neighborhood. The staff is friendly and attentive. The room was comfortable and the bed was well above average. Would recommend and would stay there again.<br/> 
134380378	 We had a wonderful experience and time in this hotel. The hotel is very clean and the staff very friendly. The employees were always willing to give us the information and service requested. The room was comfortable and very clean. It is located about 15 minutes walking distance from the White House as 5 minutes from the Foggy Bottom train that takes you to all major attractions. Next to the train there is a whole food. Other things close to the hotel is a bus stop, a Friday, a CVS pharmacy and a very pleasant place for breakfast own by a Chinese couple who was super sweet, just crossing the street around the corner. Even when this hotel is in a main street of Pennsylvania avenue is very quiet and nice to sleep.<br/><br/>I love this hotel. 
134197032	 We were in DC for over a week and Hotel Lombardy was our home base of operations and it was perfect. We were close two two metro stops, had easy access to everywhere in the district, great access to food (food, and more food) and always had a nice, clean, and quiet place to come back to. I couldn't imagine a better place to stay when in DC. 
134117458	 Stayed five nights for a girls get away. The staff was very friendly and helpful with directions and suggestions. The room was a good size for four and loved the bed linens. The air conditioner was great especially since it was 100 degrees during our visit. Hotel is two blocks from the White House and less than a 6 minute walk to public transportation. No business center but staff will print your ticket if you ask but there is free wifi in each room. There is a kitchen with a refrig and sink but no utensils were supplied. Very convenient location to Whole Foods Market, CVS and plenty of restaurants such as Founding Farmers (best breakfast), Fridays, Elephant &amp; Castle.<br/><br/>Great location at a very reasonable price. 
134109644	 The hotel was clean and charming. The service and food were excellent in the dining room. Great steak! Management was very attentuve 
134108982	 I stayed here 6 nights over the 4th of July week with my kids. The hotel is in a pedestrian friendly area with lots of restaurants. Two metro stops are nearby, so we bought a 7 day metro rail pass and saw the city that way. It is close enough to the mall that my children and I walked from the Lincoln Memorial one afternoon. The hotel was impecabbly clean, and our room was spacious with a small kitchen area. Other than an occasional creaking floorboard, I never heard noise from the neighbors or street. The staff was responsive and immediately saw to our needs. I would definately stay here again on a future trip to DC. 
133925625	 We only had the pleasure of staying one night here but it was beautiful. From the moment we walked in the staff were 1st class.<br/>The room was spotless &amp; the beds were fantastic. We had a room with 2 queen beds, still lots of space to move around despite all our luggage.<br/>It was very quiet &amp; the a quick cab ride to Union train station where we were meeting our friends.<br/><br/>Also it was a short wait in the morning for a taxi even though it was peak hour.<br/><br/>Highly recommended. 
187037788	 Stayed for four (4) nights in room 912. Had trouble with the door lock throughout the trip. Room was nice and spacious. Sheets and bed are comfortable and clean, however, the six pillows were all big firm pillows which made it difficult for me to get a good sleep. Easy walking distance to many attractions. Staff were friendly. The lounge has nice decor but is quite pricey. Bathroom has nice vanity area although my friends who stayed in 905 also had a kitchenette in their room for the same price as me (I didn't have one). Can be a bit noisily outside in the morning but I expect that when staying in the city. The hotel is a bit pricey but the great weekend rate I got through Expedia made it affordable. 
186976220	 Conveniently located (e.g. 15-25 minute walk to the White House, Washington Monument, Smithsonian museums, etc). The room was large and very comfortable to work and stay in. Well cleaned, with friendly service. Although we had trouble finding good restaurants around, perhaps this was just our bad luck in our choices. But overall, we loved our stay here &amp; would definitely stay again! : ) 
186930259	 We visited Washington just for 3 days and this hotel was a beautiful surprise.It was really cold when we arrived in the afternoon. The hotel has a small entrance but It's charming and the doorman was wearing a nice and elegant uniforme. The check in was quick and they gave us a huge room with recent renovated bathroom, It has TV room with desk in front of a window, a room with table, chairs and minibar. It was a king bed and quality linens .The heat was perfect. Free and fast wi fi. The thing we would like to have included was breakfast. I think it's not worth the price for a continental breakfast however the daily rate is affordable and compensate. The location is good and you can easily walk about 5 minutes to the subway station. We like walk so we went to many museums and atracttions walking. All staff was so nice and considerate .Just a advise when we left we asked for a taxi and they called a limo. Very good hotel . I recomend. 
186916283	 We stayed here in November for a long weekend. This is only the second time that we stayed in a boutique hotel, in any city. Hotel Lombardy does it so right! My husband and I enjoy the charm of an older place, especially in a well- maintained building like this one. The room was very, VERY clean; I accidentally dropped a bottle cap behind the bathroom toilet, and saw when picking it up that even that little space was scrubbed! Excellent mattresses make for a good night's sleep. Staff was very nice and helpful. Really, we could not want for anything.<br/><br/>Location is very convenient. The neighborhood was pleasant, and the subway is a few short blocks away. Will make this our hotel of choice in DC! 
186484383	 Nice location. Only 5mins walk from foggy bottom station. Many choices of restaurants, cafe and pubs in neighborhood. Great decor in traditional European style. Staff are helpful and nice. 
186258646	 We stayed at the Hotel Lombardy the weekend of 11/15/13. I wish I could give 10 stars. We had room 802, a &quot;superior king&quot; room. It was very spacious with 2 chairs, dresser with 9 drawers, plenty of outlets for charging electronics and bright lights for reading. The bed was very comfortable with a lot of pillows to choose from. It also had a ceiling fan and individual controlled A/C and heating. The bath has a door that separates the toilet and bathtub/shower from the rest of the room. There is a large counter with a coffee maker and free coffee and tea. There are 4 drawers for storage. The fridge is a mini bar but if you want it emptied, you just have to ask. Room 802 overlooking Pennsylvania Ave. It was very quiet both for street noise and in the halls. The most noise was when they were vacuuming the halls. There are two elevators. The doorman brought our luggage up the stairs in the entry so that was no problem. They have a dining room that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner (Had lunch and dinner; the food was very good). The light switch and the ceiling fan switch have very tiny dimmer switches next to the on/off. You have to look very carefully to see them but they adjust the fan speed and the fan and light level in the bath/tub room.<br/><br/>Don't miss the Venetian Lounge at the back of the first floor. It's an absolute oasis after a long day. The recorded music is light jazz sung by Lena Horne, Fran Sinatra, etc. The room is decorated beautifully with a fireplace, bar and a TV Screen over the bar for those that care. It is possible to dine there instead of the dining room if you are so inclined (just ask the bartender). The public rest rooms on that floor are luxurious and spacious and beautifully decorated.<br/><br/>The whole staff was very helpful and friendly. The maids do not leave their carts in the halls, they take them into the rooms while they clean. The room and whole hotel were very clean. <br/><br/>The hotel is centrally located; about 6 blocks from the White House and 2 blocks from metro stations. Busses run past the hotel on Pennsylvania Ave frequently. We used the Circulator for $1 each way (50 cents for seniors).<br/><br/>The only nit was that the pillows in our room were very tall/thick which we found a bit uncomfortable since we are used to flatter ones. It may be possible to request others. 
148335883	 Stayed here for three nights in early Dec. I came in to D.C for the Redskins game and picked the Hotel Lombardy primarily for it's location , and was'nt disappointed. Foggy Bottom station is just minutes away and on the Blue Line to Landover , having the &quot;Wholefoods Marketplace&quot; in a direct line between the station and the Hotel was a huge bonus as well. The proximity to the White House , Mall and Georgetown also perfectly matched our needs.<br/>The Rooms themselves are luxuriously appointed and have large comfy beds and pillows. WI-FI worked well , all the usual mod-cons fridge,coffee-maker , safe etc [including ludicrously over-priced mini-bar] were also there and of high quality.<br/>My only complaint was the shower , after a long arduous trip to get here , the limp shower that greeted us was dis-appointing.<br/>Whether it was being on the 11th floor , or , most likely their &quot;eco&quot; policy , the water pressure was abysmal. Curiously, their bathroom lights seem to have an [automatic] eco aspect too - as during the day they dim down considerably - not real helpful when it's dark and cloudy outside.<br/>I mention this because my partner had a time-and-a-half washing her hair and then putting make-up on in the gloom ;}. Management might want to consider this , especially for their female patrons.<br/>All in all though , a lovely Hotel , and one that I am highly likely to return to. 
147876073	 I ended up staying in DC another night and thought I'd stay at the Lombardy. They had some great rates and a nice upgrade. I stayed in 403, a nice suite in the front of the building. I won't say what the rate was as it was a steal!<br/><br/>Most of the staff was very fussy; perfectly polite and professional, but lacking that personal feel. The only staff member that I liked was David at the Front Desk. He worked a double the day I checked in, and was as polite and gentle as anyone could wish. Plus, without making a big deal about it, he recognized me when I returned. He was quietly on top of things. THIS was how a weary traveler wants to be welcomed. The other lady at the front desk was intimidating and cold, AND loud. She had that stiff-four-star attitude that is more old world and less enjoyable to people that do not expect the staff to be treated as surfs. Unless you bark out orders, I don't think she would have heard you.<br/><br/>Loved the building. I like old. I like character. There is always a sacrifice when one would prefer history over flash, but it felt pretty good. Great colors and very easy feel. My favorite is the slatted doors to the guest rooms. No doubt this was dated back to old days when air needed to circulate in the summer. Of course the location is great - just up Penn from the White House, and the IMF building (great architecture) is almost across the street. Georgetown is also easy walking distance, and the Kennedy Center. The metro is just down the street.<br/><br/>Wonderful bed; nice, rich carpet, night lighting. LOTS of windows. You didn’t really have any great views, but it is nice to have some sunlight in the room when you wake in the morning.<br/>Had room service; the crab cakes. LOTS of crab, perfectly seasoned, great dish. I had a salad too, but it wasn’t very crisp. Reasonable price and it was so nice to eat in. I had breakfast in the morning in the dining room. I had their famous French Toast and it was tasty ($14). Loved the little restaurant. Very small room, seats 36. It would be a bit tight if it was full, but pleasant I think. I would go back. I didn’t like the fact that they include the 18% gratuity on the bill in the restaurant (expected with Room Service). One likes to tip… and it is more fun to tip big when it is a gift. If they just include it, one feels a little sour. Perhaps they have a clientele that tips poorly? Not a good message really.<br/><br/>Negatives? Well, as I said, the staff needs to lighten up. While typical, I find $4 M&amp;Ms to be a burden. It is sad that they try to make money on a candy bar (one feels nickeled and dimed). I don't drink, but it could be a $12 drink if you add the soft drink. Newspaper at the door was nice, but it was a waste for someone that does this online.<br/><br/>Also, Penn avenue is loud. Sirens a good part of the night. This is to be expected in the city, and one gets used to it. Overall, I really did like it. I would certainly return. 
147822780	 This is the second week long stay I have had at the lombardy in the past year. I had high expectations--and was not disappointed. This is a lovely, comfortable and very quiet eurpoean style hotel in the heart of NW DC. The room is well appointed with beautiful antique style furnishings--but with modern comforts. 
147743399	 I had a wonderful 5 night stay in this lovely hotel located in a historic building. The location is near two metro stops and has lots of dining and bar establishments nearby. Right across the street is a nice pocket park for a little green in an the middle of a urban core. 
147699722	 I stayed at this hotel about a decade ago and was excited to revisit to see how things had changed. It's still a great place with lots of character. I was disappointed that they'd removed the old-fashioned, manual elevator. There are now two standard elevators in its place, one small and the other coffin-like, but I suppose the space was what it was and it's certainly a better idea to have two elevators than one. <br/>We booked the smallest-sized room, which was nice and clean, recently updated, and plenty spacious enough for an overnight. <br/>Great hotel, close or walking distance to many things and with character that can be hard to find these days. I hope I don't wait another decade to return. 
147686568	 This was our second trip to DC with the whole family and our second stay at the Hotel Lombardy. We had such a great experience our first time here 17 months ago, we were looking forward to our return over Thanksgiving week. It was a delight to see the same helpful and courteous staff upon our arrival. It was more like a homecoming than just checking in to a hotel. We even got our same room. The room was large, clean, and wifi service worked well. Dinner in the hotel restaurant was excellent. They modified the menu for the kids, and the service from Muhammed was exceptional. The location is excellent. There is a lot within walking distance and nearby metro and bus service. We will definitely be staying here again on our next vacation to our nation's capital. 
203243754	 This is a boutique hotel located in Foggy Bottom. It is across from the George Washington University, 10-15 minute walk to Georgetown and 5 minute walk to the White House. From the friendly reception staff and easy check-in to the wonderful bellhop-the staff was terrific. I travel to DC often to visit family and have stayed at other places in the area. Highly recommend-the rooms are clean, quaint and quiet and good value. There is a mini frig in the room. The bathroom could use some updating and softer pillows. There is a small gym and restaurant. 
203043624	 I stayed at The Hotel Lombardy for 5 nights last month with my husband and our 8-year-old daughter and was thoroughly impressed. The hotel is intimate, yet service is top-notch. We were warmly greeted upon arrival and each time we returned to the hotel after being out for the day. Our room was very clean and decorated in a sophisticated neutral palette. The bed was incredibly comfortable, which is a huge plus for us when traveling! Our room was always immaculate when we returned from our daily activities. We had breakfast each morning in the sunny dining room. The staff was extremely efficient and the food was delicious. My daughter loved the French Toast! The intimate bar is the best-kept secret in DC for a romantic cocktail before dinner or private place to discuss business at the end of the day. We have the opportunity to travel to DC a few times a year and will definitely return to The Hotel Lombardy! 
202918739	 We had stayed in DC before on a sightseeing trip staying around F Street and 7th near Verizon Centre. We were quite interested in trying the Georgetown side of the city and from the overall very good reviews we decided to book the Lombardy. The hotel was fine,check in smooth, and a reasonable room with windows on 2 sides at the back. Bathroom ok but a bit short on hanging space for towels and bathrobes but not a big deal. The main problem we found was that the corridors were incredibly dark and gloomy. Service was so so - a bit off hand which we found most unusual for the US where we have travelled very extensively for years.However the hotel has a very good breakfast room and the food was excellent. It does depend on what you are looking for but for first time visitors maybe the area around 7th street where there is a bit more activity and buzz maybe the way to go. 
202639426	 The Hotel is located near Capital Hill and many Museums. Beautifully decorated but bit pricey where food is concerned. Don`t have to eat there as Union Station is only 10min walk away. What I really loved was the SERVICE by the people who worked there. They really take care of you. Let me tell you what happened. My husband parked the car somewhere on the street and when he went to look for it he could not remember where he parked it. My insulin was left in the car and I desperately needed it. My husband walked for hours and hours. Then BESRAT who works at the Valley Parking saw my anxiety and told me not to worry. He remembers my husband going along a certain street and shouldn``t be long before he finds it. Well soon turned into hours and hours. He tried to calm me down and said don't worry no one is going to break in. I was in panic mode and Besrat could see this. He then spoke with his managers KIM and BRYCE who tried to assist. Well Bryce tried his magic as apparently you can locate a car by the meter number which my husband had. Still no luck.. Customer service tried to pin point the location but it may take another 24hrs. WHAT TO DO NOW. I went to my room and started to cry. Then I get a phone call. After BESRAT`s shift he went in his van on his own time and did a few rounds to try and locate the car. He knew what it looked like and that it had Canadian Liceance plates. He almost gave up when I don`t know what made him go a certain direction and he found our mini van. OH MY GOD. Can you believe this!. The man tried to help us during his shift and when the car still could not be found he went after his shift and out of his to to help us. Let me tell you there are not many people like that out there any more. I mean the Hotel could have ignored me and said there`s nothing they can do They were really busy but still managed to squeeze me in. I must say if people get rated and raises for this then I would give them 6 stars with an increase in pay and bonous. Would I recommend this to family or friends. Absolutly! 
202387405	 The Hotel Lombardy is a great value for an Historic Hotel with a great location in DC that is central to visiting the historic sights, George Washington University and for meetings at government offices like the State Department or Federal Reserve. What sets this hotel apart from the many others in the area, however, is the fabulous staff. From the friendly and helpful greeting of the doorman to the competent and delightful desk, these folks will make you feel like a treasured guest. 
202136500	 My mom and I stayed at the Hotel Lombardy for 3 nights this April. We loved this hotel. The room was quite spacious, clean and the beds were super comfortable. We loved the 'vintage' feel of the hotel. It had a great sense of personality. The hotel's location is super convenient too, it's located within a 10 minute walk from the heart of Georgetown shopping and is a quick walk to the Foggy Bottom Metro stop. It's also a quick walk to the White House, which is lovely to see at night. We were able to get to all of the DC sites quite easily. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. 
95150483	 Great location of hotel with the Circulator Bus and Metro only 2 block radius. Nice, spacey room with friendly staff to help at any stage. Would recommend for those who need somewhere near the university. Whilst there was a great Mexican healthy fast food joint nearby, there wasn't really any other options around if you didn't want to go far. 
94974893	 Surrounded by great restaurants and nicely updated hotel. Bathroom was a nice size. Linens and comfort outstanding. 
94753972	 One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in.<br/>Nice, quiet, beautiful yet not swanky or posh the place has the feel good feeling. I also liked that the fact the breakfast room is not in the cellar so that you actually see the sun when having breakfast.<br/>Can only recommend this place! 
94085702	 This Hotel was very clean and comfortable for a relatively low price. We appreciated very much the fact that it is close to the White House, the Lincoln Monument and other major attractions around the Mall. Very easy access to the Metro as well. Overall, a very good address for a budget trip to D.C. 
92571883	 One bedroom suite was perfect for family with two young children. Location was perfect, hotel was charming. Would defintely stay there again. 
92351952	 We stayed here for a night and were very pleased with the Lombardy. The position is excellent, just a few blocks from the White House and Treasury. The room was comfortable and spacious. The bed was absolutely outstanding and luxurious which gave us a terrific sleep!<br/>Staff were friendly and helpful.<br/>The parking ($40/night) and cafe are expensive, but there's plenty of alternatives nearby.<br/>I'd recommend to all types of travellers. 
139243245	 I give high praise for the Hotel Lombardy. I stayed here in June for six nights, while attending the DAR Continental Congress. The valets were pleasant and worked hard hailing cabs. The front desk staff were friendly and helpful. The wait staff at the Cafe Lombardy, very efficient and friendly! I ate the most amazing salmon at the Venetian Room Bar. I felt completely safe in the area walking around and found a CVS and a Whole Food Store nearby. I could not get a reservation at the JW Marriot, where most of the DAR events were held that week. My room at the Hotel Lombardy was more spacious in comparison to the rooms at the Marriot. The bed was comfortable, clean and inviting. I stayed on the eleventh floor and was able to watch a terrific thunderstorm that blew through one night. Thankfully we had power because the average temperature during my stay was 99 degrees. I would definitely come back to the Hotel Lombardy and recommend it to my friends! 
138783298	 My wife and I chose the Lombardy for our seven-nights vacation in Washington because of its location, value, and good reviews. We were not disappointed! Every staff person was friendly and accommodating. The hotel is a beautiful historic building. Our room was spacious and very clean. It was next to the elevator but rarely did we hear any noise or conversations. Our king bed had a firm mattress and plenty of pillows. A dressing area was adjacent to the bathroom. The room also included a small kitchenette with a frig and the obligatory highly expensive snacks and drinks but no microwave. The one meal we ate in the restaurant was very good, the waiter was friendly, and since we were the only two dining at the time we enjoyed conversing with him, but it was rather expensive. A number of eateries are within a block or two that offer about anything you could want at prices for every budget. Three Metro stations are fairly close that allow you to choose according to the Metro line you want without always having to change trains. We were highly pleased with our choice of the Lombardy. 
138467690	 Location is excellent and the hotel is easy to find using public transport, foggy bottom metro is less than 5 minutes away and has links to Ronald Regan airport and the main amtrak station. The rooms are clean and spacious, you get a morning paper complimentary on a morning, but wifi is charged extra. It has some good food options near by, we picked up breakfast at the whole foods market (opposite foggy bottom), and the pizza place and diner across from the hotel were both excellent. It took about 10-15 minutes to walk to the white house, and from there you have the mall with the Smithsonian, monument, etc...... The only down side I found was that even on the 10th floor it was a little noisy between 8-9 am with traffic noise. Overall an excellent stay and would definitely go back again. 
138462021	 The Hotel Lombardy is a wonderful little hotel in Foggy Bottom near George Washington University. It is literally a block away and the perfect location for a potential student to get a feel for campus life. Our room had two beds, a kitchenette, and a dressing area. After doing a swing of the big cities in the northeast, the hotel definitely had more of a genteel feel with a desk under a big window and shutter-door in front of your regular room doorway. The staff was very helpful. I would definitely stay here again. It is a few blocks to Embassy Row and the Metro station. 
138291317	 The main thing in the room is the bed. It is a fine size and unbelievably comfortable! This is great as you will do a lot of walking in Washington DC. The bathroom is small but adequate. There is a small gym in the basement which is very useful to work up a sweat. Location is great - 15 minute's walk to the White House, 20 minutes to the museums and 10 minutes to Georgetown (make sure you head up that way in the evenings for great restaurants and atmosphere). The staff are visible but not intrusive - help is always on hand when needed. We did not eat in the hotel so cannot comment on this element of the hotel. Check out the Wholefood store at Foggy Bottom station (5 minute's walk), it's a real treat! 
138194617	 This hotel have a great location is about 15 minutes walk from the White House and 5 to ghe Foggy Bottom Train. Is a classic style and the services was very good. I had a good time here. The breakfast are very good but a little expansive. If you like wholefood there is one beside the train station of Foggy Bottom. 
123933269	 Very very Good! The room is very big! Wiith a big bathroom. The bed is excelente, the shower too. Very close to main atractions. Just a short and very good ride of White House and many other atractions. <br/>You have supermarket and restaurants 1 blocks from the hotel.<br/>The staff is very gently. The guys on the front door made everything to help us and are very friendly too. In Washington again, i will stay there again! 
123848420	 I find most Washington hotels to be grim and impersonal. The Lombardy is different, with beautifully designed rooms, a lovely &quot;Venetian bar&quot; that's more about sipping wine than guzzling beer. It was quiet, and the staff was attentive. Great central location. I'd definitely go back. 
123690761	 Was on a budget, so was pleasantly surprised by this lovely boutique hotel. Well maintained, cleaned, classy - everything one could want. Just a little far from the sights, but a short walk and bus ride gets you where you need to be.<br/>Was extremely happy with everything! 
123412802	 After many years staying in various locations in DC, mostly JW Marriott, I have found a new base. Only a brisk walk NW of the Marriott, the prices were better and the hotel quaint and comfortable. The service was extraordinary and the room comfortable.<br/>My kind bed was very comfortable, although the room could have been vacuumed a bit more extensively but the bathroom was very clean and overall a great value for the centralized location. Parking is expectantly expensive and the Foggy Bottom Metro is but a walk away. The staff was terrific, from the doorman to the front desk. The small restaurant is lovely as is the bar/lounge area. The prices are much too high for food and drink though. 
123395100	 After walking a few blocks from the metro and arriving at the 1920 art deco Hotel Lombardy building, we were welcomed by the smiling doorman and led us to the teeny weeny front desk area for check-in process. Check-in was swift since I used the advance pay option when reserving online (this saves quite a bit off the week day rates; AAA card offers tremendous savings off the weekend rate; sometimes same day rates seem deeply discounted too). However, during check in, we were not told the one very important feature every business traveler needs to know: Hotel Lombardy does not have a business center. Although there is a full service Kinkos behind the hotel with several kiosks, unfortunately you don't receive any discounts as a hotel guest. <br/><br/>Now, back to the hotel: The guest rooms have two entrance doors -- the first is brown louvered wood that looks like a door that belongs on an old quaint ocean cottage and the second is the more traditional hotel door with magnetic access lock. <br/><br/>I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the guest room. It was large enough for me to entertain a handful of classmates I invited over. My guest room had two double beds with plush bedding, a work desk, a dressing room with vanity (and two robes), gorgeous steel and chrome bathroom fixtures against a white tile backdrop, and a separate wet bar/dining room (with curtain door closure) the length of the guest room. I travel with ear plugs so the noise was no problem at all for me. Oh, by the way, there is no complimentary breakfast. But who cares? The location is surrounded by eateries and a two level Whole Foods. <br/><br/>Oh, and the smiling doorman that led us to the teeny weeny front desk area for check-in process was there when we left. He was still smiling and working. But when he saw we were leaving, he placed the guest bags down, and the old style charming way, shook our hand and bid us a warm farewell. 
123314244	 Hotel Lombardy offers interesting rooms retrofitted into an old apartment building, in an extremely convenient location, at an unbeatable price. I was there on business, but next time would extend my stay for pleasure. Room was more like one in a smaller-scale European style hotel than large U.S. chain, but with all modern US amenities. Room was on the small side, but made up for snug size by being nicely divided into bed, bath and kitchen areas. Bath seemed freshly remodeled, immaculately clean. Great bed. Note: this room's windows (and this must be true of other rooms) opened right onto windows of surrounding offices,enough privacy was provided by blinds and curtains, but at least there was no street noise. However chatter in in hall was pretty audible. Wonderful bar downstairs, reminded me of bars in Venice! 
38806669	 On a trip to D.C. for my sons graduation we stayed at the Lombardi. Having read the reviews I thought it a safe bet. Well what a rediculous time we had there. First off the sheets had holes in them and when the maids came they didn't understand english so trying to explain it was difficult. Our bathroom door didn't stay closed. I was staying with my son so this was uncomfortable for us both. I reported it to the front desk and the manager and it never was even looked at in the 3 days we were there. Oh, by the way the bathrooms are very small and old. O.k. if that isn't enough when we went to the bar after eating out one night, around 10;00, it was closed. When I enquired as to why it was closed I was told there were'nt enough people in the bar so the bartender went home. The elevator was another unusual experience. It was the old fashioned sort where you need someone to operate it. At first I thougfht it was quaint.but the man operating it was never around to bring you up. Luckily, we were on the third floor so we used the stairs. The food wasn't bad but there are so many other better places to stay and eat in D.C. Upon checking out I asked to see the manager to express my dissatisfaction .he never came. Don't waste your time or money here. 
37887775	 We stayed here in early August, 2009. My spouse had stayed here a few nights for business several years ago. Both times, it has been fine. It rates 3 1/2 stars, easily. <br/><br/>It is close to the Metro, and there are a suprising number of restaurants in a few blocks (because of GWU, I'm sure. It used to be that downtown DC closed up at 5:00 pm).<br/><br/>In our most recent stay, the room had all the amenities of most remodeled hotels, with all the comforters and robes. The room was a good size (we were fortunate to get one on the front of the hotel, with a view over Penn. Ave, but needed to keep the blinds closed from the afternoon sun). <br/><br/>We did go into the lounge for a late-evening cocktail with friends. It is unusually decorated, and cozy, and the bartender was great. Of course, she wasn't very busy.<br/><br/>I do want to say that the basic management and front-house staff made me a just a slight bit nervous. So I recommend keeping a good watch on your valuables, not drinking out of the glasses in the room, and besides that, enjoy your stay.<br/><br/>Our friends who stayed in another room had an uncomfortable experience, coming back into the room about 6:30 pm, and finding a maid in the room who couldn't explain her presence. <br/><br/>But still, I would stay there again, if we find a good deal for the room. 
37771543	 When we booked our stay, we were not aware of the construction going on in front of the hotel. The construction, which is on the sidewalk, makes it difficult to get in and out of the hotel and also makes loading and unloading difficult. When we checked in, the front desk clerk was rude - he had to remove his ear buds to answer our questions and then only gave us the briefest responses. The doormen were friendly and helpful, but weren't always easy to find. Our room was clean and in order when we arrived. We stayed five days and only had problems with housekeeping once - we came back at 4:30 pm to find our room unserviced. When my husband called down, they sent someone up about 30 minutes later and she took care of it. The other major problem with our stay was on Friday afternoon. We came back to the room about 2 pm to take a nap. At 3:15, we were awaken by loud music coming from the courtyard behind the hotel. When my husband called the front desk to inquire about the noise, he was informed it was an employee party, which should end about 4, and we were basically told to deal with the noise. At this point, it almost seemed like they increased the noise of the music. On Saturday morning, we woke up to the sound of construction - they were renovating a room on our hall. Overall, I was not pleased with my experience. The location is great - about 2 blocks either direction to the metro and close to some good restaurants. The bath products were all Bath and Body Works and were really nice. The bed was comfortable and the rooms were decent. However, the hotel struck me as very creepy - like the hotel in The Shining. Oh, and their &quot;cardio room&quot; consisted of two treadmills, an exercise bike, a stair master and an eliptical. Not very exercise friendly... 
36860714	 The hotel is conveniently located - 2 blocks from metro and there is a circulator bus stop across the street which takes you to Georgetown.<br/><br/>The bellboys/elevator operators were very friendly. However, the lady at the front desk who checked us in did not come across as welcoming. A smile would help. The room was bigger than I expected - there was a living area plus a separate bedroom with a king-size bed. The bellboys kept telling us that we got a great room. It was only afterwards when I checked the hotel website that I realized I was upgraded to a suite. Interesting that the lady at the front desk didn't mention anything.<br/><br/>Negatives: There is no in-room safe. Also, upon check-out, I was asked by the bellboy if I needed a cab (to the Reagan airport) to which I said yes. He tried for 2 minutes and then told me to get in one of those black lincoln sedans. I questioned the bellboy saying that it wasn't what I asked for but he said &quot;It's OK. He works for us and he charges the same as a cab.&quot; It was raining hard at the time so I got in the car. I asked the driver how he was going to charge me and he said the flat rate is $25, same as a cab. I did take a cab from the airport to the hotel and it costed me under $20 including tips. I also recall reading the rates posted inside the cab and there was something about a ceiling rate of $25 between the airport and the hotel area. I told the driver that it costed me under $20 and there was no &quot;flat rate&quot; and he mumbled something about the $25 included luggage which wasn't true as my luggage was small and the cab didn't charge me luggage fee. As I was enroute to the airport, I didn't want any delays so I didn't fight with him.<br/><br/>Lesson being don't let the bellboys flag you one of &quot;his cars&quot;, make sure you get a cab. 
36842967	 The Lombardy is situated about 4 blocks from the 'White House' on Pennsylvania Ave, which is ideal for walking to the tourist sights of DC. A rather quaint hotel in many ways, with a clanky noisy lift which didn't bother us (due to walking everywhere and Jet-lag). The top-floor room was spacious well equipped and the staff in the hotel were extremely friendly and courteous. The bed was large, the room was clean and smelled fresh - which wasn't always the case with hotels I stayed in, in the USA!<br/> Breakfast was expensive, but worth it, as the quality was excellent. There are a number of bars and restaurants near the hotel (some across the road) which offer, relatively cheap meals and all in all, I'd recommend it highly to any visitor to the city, if your going to DC for the first time. I'd certainly stay there again!! 
36582097	 This hotel is a few blocks from the metro and walking distance to the White House.<br/>The hotel is in an excellent location for shopping, sightseeing and museums. <br/>Across the street is a small mall with Au Bon Pan, CVS, Johnny Rockets etc etc.<br/>The hotel was spotless clean and boutique in feel, beautiful bedding, great style (asian mock antique furniture, shuttered doors etc). Good quality soaps etc...my only 'complaint' was the front desk staff were just not friendly. I don't know if it was a cultural thing but the two women who checked us in seemed miserable and unhelpful. Hardly a smile or a friendly welcome. <br/>I got a good last minute cheap rate on expedia and would certainly choose this as our hotel of choice when we return but hope the team there get a little more cheerful! :)<br/>Oh WIRELESS internet might be nice too! (smile) 
137299782	 My daughter and I visited your hotel on August 13, 2012. Everyone from the doorman to the service desk was very polite and helpful. Our room was spacious, comfortable and extremely clean! Because we were traveling by bus, I requested an early check-in time and late check-out time and was graciously given both. The bottled water left in our room was a welcomed touch after a long hot day of sightseeing. I would recommend this hotel to everyone and it is truly &quot;everything you could want in a hotel&quot;! 
137258641	 A very pleasant stay in an excellent hotel perfectly located in central Washington. The service was great. The food was great. The walk to the IMF and World Bank was 5 minutes and 10 minutes to the White House. The staff were all great. 
137070854	 My husband surprised me for our anniversary with a stay at this hotel. I had never stayed at a boutique hotel before and for all that I had heard about hotels like this it really did hit the mark. This place is top notch. It was clean and so well manicured. Our suite was pristine and the atmosphere was welcoming and relaxing. The suite was light and bright...the bedroom itself was darker and moody which for me was ideal. It is steps away from dining which is super convenient. A+++. I would definitely stay here again. 
136911522	 We got a good deal on this hotel and stayed for one night. The location is convenient to the White House and charming Georgetown. The room is a good size (however very dark!), but the bathroom is very small. Complimentray bottles of water. 
136485598	 (This was a last minute reservation via Orbitz when my flight was cancelled and I needed an overnight hotel reservation.)<br/> Lovely gem of a hotel. Very welcoming room was spotless and very nicely furnished - my reaction when I walked in was: &quot;Wow!&quot;. You can tell that they stay &quot;on top&quot; of the maintenance of their rooms, ex: grouting and caulking around the tub did not need any repairing, etc.<br/> Wish that the room air handler wasn't as noisy -- took some getting used to.<br/> Good location: within reasonable walking distance of the Metro. 
136437988	 We stayed here very last minute-- it had a wonderful rate, was in a great area and was a lovely hotel. We had some small problems with our room being ready when we arrived, but it was rectified so quickly and generously I wouldn't even consider it an issue. The room was very adequately sized for two adults, and was clean. The room kept the charm of an older hotel with modern upgrades, especially in the bathroom. My main complaint was the price of parking ($42 per night) unless you wanted to park on the street and start feeding the meter at 7am. My small complaint was that the evening desk person was unbearably slow and confused, but at the end of it all, at least decently lovable. I would DEFINITELY stay here again the next time I'm in town. 
176232914	 Stayed here for 3 nights - the staff is very helpful and friendly. Room was impeccably clean - not huge - but just fine. Free Internet, great little bar and lovely restaurant. Only down side is very weak water pressure! Most sights within walking distance. I would recommend this hotel to anyone! 
176152258	 Spent 4 nights here recently and found it an excellent hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful. Room was quaint with a king size and lovely old world furniture. Bathroom was large and had a bath which was a welcome place to soak after a day walking around Washington . There are some restaurants in the area . I would recommend Founding Farmers for food atmosphere and price. The market garden supermarket near the metro is definitely worth a visit. 
176118375	 An old building, with all of the beauty and charm...our every need was met from check-in to departure. Big room, American kingsize bed, larger than average bathroom with a huge bath! Great service from friendly staff. Good wireless Internet provided free! We stayed at the back of the building so no street noise, (but in DC the traffic is fairly quiet after 8PM). Location near the huge Geo. Washington University campus, so lots of cheap eats. Close to bus for all the attractions. Highly recommended. 
176094370	 If you want an old-world feel, and not a chain hotel, try this hotel. The room was lovely, clean, and comfortable. I got a great deal, so it was also very inexpensive. Highly recommend the Hotel Lombardy. Also, just a few blocks from the Metro station at Foggy Bottom. 
175969829	 We stayed here for four nights in mid July, excelent service throughout, from arrival when our luggage was taken from the car boot to our room and the car was taken to is parking place, we were escorted to our and room and everything was checked out in our presence.<br/>The reception staff were very friendly and always helpful.<br/>The Hotel is within easy walking distance of all Washingtons main attractions and only two and half blocks from the White House. 
175719124	 I have stayed in this hotel a few times over the years, and am always impressed by the fact they've been able to maintain its historic charm. Beds and bathrooms are up-to-date, and Frette linens are a nice touch. Most rooms are small, but not cramped. The exercise facility is small, but there was enough equipment to keep me happy. The location is excellent, 10 minutes from the nearest Metro stop and on bus lines. The Lincoln Memorial, Dupont Circle and Georgetown are about a 20 minute walk. I love this hotel! 
149452814	 We stayed here Dec 27th - 29th. The hotel is located in a central location. It is within walking distance of GWU and accessible by metro. Nearby metro stops are GWU/Foggy Bottom, Farragut West, and Farragut North. It is across the street from a park where few vagrants hang out but they didn't seem to bother anyone. What I loved about the location was the fact that it's within walking distance to tons of food establishments (Founding Farmers, El Chalan, Baja Fresh, TGIFridays, The Bottom Line...to name a few). There is also a CVS closeby which is convenient when you are on vacation. I ended up catching a cold while we were there so I appreciated the closeness. Yes you can walk to Dupont Circle, the White House, the memorials, and the Smithsonian. Is it recommended? Only if you are agile. We walked from Union Station down the mall to the Lincoln Memorial and up to the hotel the first day and it was a hike. Exploring those areas and walking through the neighborhoods is a great experience but can be very strenuous.<br/><br/>The hotel itself is beautiful. It has character which you won't find in chain hotels. The bed was unbelievably comfortable and the room was extremely clean. We arrived early. Our train got it at 7 am and we walked around until 10. They were able to accomodate an early check in. We stayed in room 213...way in the back of the building. The view wasn't great....it faced an office building and some sort of alley way but the quality of our room more than made up for it. I had a great relaxing vacation even though I was horribly sick the entire stay. I would definitely stay again. 
149241898	 We loved loved loved our little apartment :-) in Hotel Lombardy. Each evening after a long day of hiking around the Mall and the museums, monuments and restaurants of Washington DC it was so nice to let ourselves into the warm cozy clean suite and relax. When we return we will stay at the Hotel Lombardy again. We have already recommended the hotel to others and hope they follow our suggestion. The location is perfect - convenient to the Metro, the Mall, the White House, etc... 
149220820	 This cozy, charming, historical hotel exceeded all our expectations. Excellent, spacious comfortable rooms, excellent helpful staff throughout, beautifully decorated throughout coordidoors and foyer, yummy breakfast at restaurant. The location is perfect. The value is incredible! 
149131324	 We came to DC for the first time in July and the hotel's location is awesome. We walked pretty much everywhere, it was a good base for all the things we wanted to see and do. We walked to the White House, the Capital and all the museums. The metro is about 2 blocks away (very convenient to/from airport so dont waste money on taxi). We took the metro to Arlington and the Circulator bus to Georgetown. This location just cannot be beat for the rate. The hotel is a bit old and dated. The doors to the rooms seem like old saloon doors. The staff was very friendly and attentive. Room was very clean- no views (at least from our room). If you are looking for a luxury or modern hotel this is not the place but if you want a small boutique hotel with a great rate and exceptional location this is it! 
148990433	 We are currently staying here and are very pleased with our decision to do so. This place is great with a great price. Trust me we are very picky about the places we stay and I really cant say anything bad about this hotel. The hospitality is awesome which if you've ever been to DC that is something very uncommon out here. Our room is very clean and comfortable. The bed is very comfortable as well. The parking garage costs 36 dollars but there is a ton of parking spots out front and its free to park from 10pm to 7am. We have had no probems parking there. The only thing is you need to make sure youre up in time to feed the meter before 7 And its only 2 hour parking so you have to move your car every couple hours but if your not going to be at the hotel all day that really isnt an issue. Location is great. Whole foods is only a couple blocks away and the meto station is right by it. I would definitely stay here again. Only negative thing I would say is that the water pressure is very light so its basically like going to massage envy wanting a deep tissue massage but getting tickled instead. But hey if thats the only thing negative to say about this place then the price definitely makes up for the lack of water pressure. We are here to go to the seahawks redskins playoff game so let me leave it off with a big GO HAWKS!!!!!!!<br/> 
148893753	 My wife Suzanne and I decided to celebrate her birthday in Washington DC, and booked our first stay at the Hotel Lombardy for the nights of the 4th and the 5th of December 2012. I just wanted to take a moment to share some of our observations.<br/>We both found the hotel to be impeccably kept, without a paint chip, or an unpolished piece of brass, to be found anywhere. It has an old time charm, warmth and intimacy of a truly unique boutique hotel. Coupling that with the very friendly, extremely helpful Door and Desk staff, and a warm welcoming, service and housekeeping staff, you would be hard pressed to find a nicer place to stay anywhere in DC for the money. <br/>With the hotel being located directly on Pennsylvania Avenue only a few blocks from the White House and the National Mall, and a Metro Station only a short walk down the street, we found it a great location to base our explorations of DC from. <br/>All that being said Suzanne and I both wish to thank you for your part in our great time in DC. <br/>Sincerely,<br/>David &amp; Suzanne 
242531231	 The Hotel is a great place, although it is placed in a kind of office area near the University campus. As I was there over Thanksgiving the area was relatively dead with many shops closed. The receptionist was very nice and researched some restaurant options nearby.The distance to the White House and other landmarks is very short. 
242241058	 Good value for money. Very clean bedroom / bathroom. Ideal for a few nights - not huge rooms but great bed, very spacious. TV channels could do with some tuning though! The bar area is quaint and nice at the back of the hotel, staff were all very pleasant. The important thing is it is walking distance (10mins) to all the tourist sites (white house, lincoln, etc) and also 15min walk or 5 min taxi ride to Georgetown. Didn't eat in the restaurant because across the street 2 mins away is founding farmers which does an amazing breakfast (cheap as well sub $20 per person for eggs Benedict, coffe oj etc) but always packed so get there before 10am! 
242013432	 Wow, great service, totally equipped, immaculate rooms. I stayed 7 nights, visited every site in DC and every night I felt like I was coming home. I usually stay at 5 star hotels but I was traveling with family on a limited budget. I was amazed, they thought of everything the bigger more expensive. Hotels provide. I did bring slippers. Paying $107 per night as opposed to $. 375 per night, I thought missing slippers a small matter, they do provide robes. Their front door, bellman has been there 39 years and was a doll. 
241949393	 My wife and I stayed at The Hotel Lombardy during a recent trip to Washington, and would recommend the hotel to anyone looking for a clean, affordable hotel conveniently located to all the attractions Washington has to offer. The rooms are small but very clean, and adequate if your not spending a great deal of time in the room. The bed was comfortable, and our room was very quiet. We only stayed one night, but would definitely go back in a minute. The Metro stop is a short 2 block walk from the hotel, and a short walk to the restaurants in Georgetown. The neighborhood was safe, and there were a few restaurants within a block radius. We did not drive, so I can't comment on parking. If your looking for an affordable hotel in a great location, I would recommend the Hotel Lombardy. 
241252445	 Hotel Lombardy is in a historic building, so keep that in mind during your stay. I loved the charm of it! We stayed in room 508 and there's no view... just the side of a building. The main pro for this hotel is the size of the room. We had a double queen room. Not only did we have the typical sized area for the beds, but our room also had a kitchenette and a dressing area. Tons of space!! <br/>While it's quite a walk to the White House, taxis are everywhere. 
241176237	 I booked this hotel for it's proximity to many downtown DC attractions, while I was at GWU for meetings. The pricing was reasonable allowing for it's location.<br/><br/>On my arrival, on 20 November 2014, I was cheerfully greeted by the doorman, who parked my car so that I didn't have to worry about it for the rest of my two day stay. The reception desk dealt efficiently with my check-in, and the baggage staff smilingly took my bags to the room. The room was located at the front of the building overlooking the street. I thought that this might be a noise problem at night, but turned out not to be as traffic diminishes greatly at night. My room was bright, clean, well decorated, and styled in the 1920s mode, but with 2014 conveniences. I didn't use the well equipped kitchen as most of my meals we eaten out due to my business engagements. The kingsize bed was very comfortable with more than sufficient covers. The bathroom and closets had all that could be needed by the most discerning traveller. There is a choice of either meals in your room or meals in the restaurant. I had only the breakfasts from which I had a large range of choices.<br/><br/>I would recommend this hotel to any traveller to DC who needed a great place to stay 
189520699	 A short walk to the south lawn of the white house. Close to metro. <br/>The hotel was a bit dated but perfect place to come back and relax after a long day of sight seeing. there are plenty of restaurants and shops all around. great views of the street and very easy to find. 
189411893	 I loved the location -- convenient to almost everything. We walked south to all the Smithsonian museums, north to the Phillips Collection, and east to the Spy Museum and National Portrait Gallery. Admittedly, we probably overdid it walking to the Library of Congress, but the architecture and views along Pennsylvania Avenue were memorable. The immediate area was exceptionally quiet during our long weekend, with Congress and nearby George Washington University closed throughout Christmas week. <br/><br/>We happily discovered a small eat-in kitchen when we reached our room. (My husband was disappointed that it had no microwave.) There seemed to be no nearby shops to buy any basic healthy bread/fruit breakfast fare. Until I chanced upon a large Whole Foods two blocks away on 22 Street between I and Pennsylvania. It's open till 10pm, with an impressive bakery section and an outstandingly affordable wine area near the entrance. <br/><br/>At the hotel, we were glad to use the modest, clean fitness room, with two treadmills, three other machines, and a full weight rack. Never saw anyone else there. Our room was very comfortable, with a huge king-size bed. We appreciated the complimentary Washington Post every day, including Sunday. The staff was always friendly and gracious. I was surprised to see $1 charges for local calls and 800 calls. Overall, we were very favorably impressed and definitely plan to stay at the Lombardy on our next DC trip.<br/><br/>Two other location bonuses: The wonderful Paul Bakery (not visible from the Lombardy) and Founding Farmer, an excellent restaurant, are just across Pennsylvania Avenue. 
189384479	 We stayed at the Lombardy in October, 2013, for five nights. We loved it. The location was very convenient--close to the metro and within a few blocks of the White House. The room was very nice and had some character. There was a small kitchen area and a dressing area. The staff was helpful. We enjoy a lovely meal in the restaurant. This was a great place for us. It really gave us the DC experience. 
189336646	 It was the best hotel that i had. Very clean and cheap nice view everything was perfect 
189211569	 A friendly, relaxed atmosphere. The entire staff were friendly and knowledgeable. The hotel is easily accessible by car, yet within walking distance of fine restaurants, historical attractions and parks. The small gym is well equipped for anyone wanting a quick workout. 
189173871	 Very well located in Foggy Bottom - walking distance from White House and Renwick Gallery. Short walk to Metro station with good access to downtown &amp; free shuttle bus to Kennedy Centre. Room was comfortable with good bed and a desk. Good free wifi. Annex to room with sink, fridge &amp; coffee maker, but some cutlery and plates would have been useful. Very good restaurant with excellent breakfasts &amp; friendly staff (especially Mohammed in the evenings). Also comfortable and cosy bar on the ground floor. 
119435327	 My husband and I stayed here and felt like VIPs. We don't travel that much to big cities, but our stay here was absolutely wonderful. The room was large and the kitchenette came in handy for our bedtime snacks like we have at home. The location made it very easy for us to see the sights of Washington. Everyone, from the doorman, front desk staff, restaurant staff, and cleaning crew were very pleasant and helpful to us with our many requests. We greatly enjoyed the breakfast and the bar is quiet and romantic. We may not be up that way in a while, but would consider the Lombardy on the top of our list for our next trip. Personally, since we are not business travelers (we're retired), we don't get perks from staying at chain hotels and find small boutique hotels in general work harder for your business and that is most certainly true for the Lombardy staff. 
119411668	 Hotel was very charming and staff was superb! Location perfect for business in Washington proper and convenient to great restaurants. I usually have a lot of trouble sleeping in hotels, but the bed and linens were great. I'm used to always needing either earplugs or &quot;white noise&quot; when sleeping in city hotels, so didn't find this one any different than any other city hotel. In fact, it was quieter than most. <br/>Rooms are large and spacious with kitchenette. WiFi worked fine for me. Would definitely use this hotel again. 
119408784	 I found the Hotel Lombardy one of the most friendly, yet elegant, hotels I have visited in recent years.<br/>Staff are pleasant, willing to help and good-humoured.<br/>Rooms are elegant, yet they have all the comfort that a state-of-the-art hotel should boast.<br/>My husband and I also had dinner at the Hotel Restaurant. The menu was varied, the food very fresh and savoury. At breakfast the atmosphere is particularly lively, with businessmen and women and hotel guests enjoing the good food. 
119401860	 Great location and much more personal attention than at the larger chain hotels. I travel a lot and can honestly say staying at the Lombardy made this our best family vacation. The bell staff was incredible!! Whether it was arranging transportation, helping plan excursions, or offering something extra as we headed out for the day, they treated us like family. We also enjoyed wonderful breakfasts (especially the almond French toast) and dinner at their restaurant, also with impeccable service! All too often the hotel you choose is just a place to sleep while away from home. But, the staff at the Hotel Lombardy truly made us feel like it was our home! 
119285086	 Hotel location is great and it does have that elusive &quot;character&quot; that comes with being old, interesting and stylish. The bell hop and car valet guys were friendly, helpful and efficient. Check in and checkout were fine. Our room was small but nicely appointed and reasonably quiet. The room and parking came at a hefty price, which would have been OK had it not been for annoying little things. The hotel service guide in the room says front desk staff will be happy to cash your travellers cheques; well they were not happy to do so for my wife, denying they cashed such things but agreeing to do so once &quot;as a favour.&quot; The free wifi kept dropping out in our room. One of the bathroom fittings was nearly falling off. Nothing disastrous, but annoying at these prices. The hotel clientele seemed to be mainly business travelers, and as an occasional such traveller to DC I would consider staying here again, but for my wife and I on holiday it just didn't click. The location is very good, easy access to metro and lots of nearby eateries ranging from Kinkead's directly opposite on Penn Avenue (great seafood, we loved it) to various pubs. 
119240627	 The cleaning staff hoover the hallways from 7am and the walls are thin. Together with their chatting and laughing don't hope to get a good night sleep. Today the hotel developed a plumbing problem that meant that we were awoken by drilling and sawing at 8am. This morning after listening to hoovering and drilling for two hours we got up, showered and checked out.<br/><br/>During check out we voiced out concerns but the staff were very unhelpful and uninterested in our concerns.<br/><br/>We stayed for three days and no one cleaned our room. When we arrived, the bath had a dirty ring in it and hair in the shower.<br/><br/>Location is good. 
133100689	 Stayed for 2 nights with family visiting DC. Old but nicely maintained, not a lot of ammenities but we were busy sightseeing. They do not have a guest services area for printing documents like airline boarding passes, you call the front desk. Bedroom was beautiful, bathroom counterspace was a little tight. Kitchen area was odd, no utensils, just a sink, a coffe maker and a fridge. The cafe downstairs is a gem.... A little far away from the busy core, but depending on what you want (quiet for sleeping, or busy are for doing things) it can work out just fine, it did for us. Founding Farmers restaurant is just across the street, a very lively place. TGIF is there also. Valet parking is a must, taxi's are readily available and very reasonable. 
132897726	 Let me start by saying, this was our first trip to DC (me, my teenage son and nephew). My plan was to find a hotel that would accommodate the three of us and be conveniently located near public transportation. When looking for accommodations I look for a place that is reasonably priced, safe surroundings and relatively quiet. <br/><br/>After reading the reviews and checking out the Lombardy Hotel website I took my chances and made my reservations. I was a little hesitant because I was thinking the hotel would be for the stuffy upper crust type (not a mom with two teenagers). I was pleasantly surprised to find that the hotel was more like an inn. In fact it reminded me a lot of an inn in Ireland. It was very charming and the staff was kind and courteous. The woman behind the desk that checked us in was very professional and allowed us to check in early, which was a huge plus after the long horrible flight we had.<br/><br/>As for the room, we stayed on the 2nd floor near the back of the building. There was a courtyard of some sort outside our window, which brought in a little noise but not much. The furniture is fitting with the theme and it was spacious enough to accommodate the three of us. Best of all… the beds. I felt like I was sleeping on a slice of heaven. As for the bathroom, the shower provided plenty of hot water. The toiletries that the hotel offered were nice – I even took them home with me. Another added bonus was this little side room that has a mini frig, sink, coffee maker and a café table with two chairs. It was a nice place to relax and have a cup of coffee. One last thing about the room, it has a good a/c system, which we used since it was rather warm outside. Housekeeping even left us complimentary bottles of water which was very thoughtful.<br/><br/>With regards to location and safety, the hotel is a few blocks from the metro and the DC Circulator. The hotel’s website indicates the distance to all the major sites and I will say it is accurate. I felt the surroundings were very safe. Only downside, we were there on a weekend so there isn’t much to choose from when it comes to places to eat (if you’re dealing with teenagers). If you wander over towards GWU there are a few places to eat as well as a Whole Foods market. Note: Chinatown seems to have a lot of the standard fast food chains if you’re in search of one.<br/><br/>All in all we enjoyed our three night stay at the Hotel Lombardy and would definitely stay there again. 
132854245	 We stayed in June of 2009 and again this June, 2012. Our 10th floor room with separate kitchen area was very comfortable. Any request we made was met with efficiency and speed. Everyone on the staff was helpful and friendly. We loved being so close to the White House, museums and other attractions, as well as restaurants and local transportation. We have recommended Hotel Lombardy and look forward to staying there again in the future. 
132850360	 Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Lombardy with my husband and parents.The bed was very comfortable with 6 pillows! The staff was more than helpful. I loved the turn down service and bottled water delivery every afternoon. It is nice to come back to the hotel after an evening out with lights on and bed ready! If you are interested in seeing the monuments, I recommend having the front desk call Hassan for an evening tour. He gave us a fantastic private tour from 7pm-10pm and he took us to all the sites we wanted to see, with 4 people it actually saved us money compared to the big bus tours. A sunset walk to the White House is a must do, we walked from the hotel to the White House and back in less than an hour. Bertucci's across the street is a great family Italian restaurant with good food at reasonable prices. 
132833269	 My husband and I stayed in the Hotel Lombardy for the first time this May. We were in DC for our son's grad. school graduation. We had asked for a quiet room with a park view, and when we checked in, we reminded the receptionist and he gave us room 1101, which was very comfortable. We had no problems with noise or water pressure, and the room was spacious and clean. The housekeeping staff provided clean linens as needed and also fresh bottled water daily. The first evening, we decided to eat in the dining room, and enjoyed a delicious meal. The head waiter was very gracious. The seafood salad was fresh and quite substantial (my husband and son's choice) and my choice, the brioche toast points with wild mushroom, grilled shrimp and a lobster pernod sauce with a fennel salad on the side were wonderful! The staff at the hotel and the dining room are extremely helpful and personable. The doorman, Mr. &quot;A&quot; was so helpful when we had to hire a car to drive us out to Bethesda. He negotiated the price and sent us on our way. Every time we needed anything, the staff anticipated and were friendly and helpful. In fact, I can find no problems with this perfect boutique hotel located right across the street from George Washington University. We could get to any of the sights in Washington with ease, and we will choose this hotel on our next visit to DC. 
132812924	 Stopped here last week for 3 nights. The area is great right in the University area. The room was spacious and the bed was HUGE!! Very quite so slept no problems at all. The Metro was about 5 minutes walk away to visit the sites.Didn't have breakfast there but across the road at Founders Farmers which was superb especially the Carrot Cake pancakes set me up for the day. Lovely hotel and would stop there again if i went to DC again a real first class hotel. 
177538959	 I had a wonderful stay here, I wish it had been for longer than one night! This hotel has a lot of old-world charm, but it's clearly been renovated. We did get a room upgrade, which meant a bigger room with fridge and sink area. It was in the front of the building but noise was not an issue. The bed was super soft and comfortable and everything was very clean. The best part of this hotel is it's easy walking distance to a lot of DC's attractions, including the National Mall, and there are lots of great restaurants. I look forward to staying here again. 
177238180	 We first stayed at the Hotel Lombardy 4 or 5 years ago when visiting the area. We were impressed by the historical feel of the building, the spacious and updated rooms, and the friendliness of the staff we encountered. All this amounts to a great experience for a very reasonable price. <br/><br/>Now that we live in the DC area, we always recommend this hotel to out-of-town visitors. The hotel is a gem in its own right but it is also just blocks away from Foggy Bottom metro, Whole Foods, and there are a number of good restaurants in the immediate area.<br/><br/>We were saddened to discover on our most recent visit, however, that the elevator has been modernized a bit so that it no longer needs an operator to run. The elevator still has the same tight fit though- keep that in mind when selecting which luggage to bring along! 
177228680	 I was in Washington DC for an event at the State Department. The Lombardy hotel was nearby, I was very pleased with my stay. The receptionist was particularly helpful when I needed help changing my train reservation. The room -- and especially the bed -- were super comfortable. A friend and I enjoyed a quiet conversation in the cocktail lounge. I would love to return one day! 
177215411	 All in all, it served it's and our purpose for a couple of days. We took a r a quick city trip from New York by train for the MLK 50th March on Washington. I liked the &quot;boutiqueness&quot; of the hotel (converted small one-bedroom apartments); staff was okay -- basically stayed their distance but responded well to requests; liked that the windows opened and the supposed &quot;kitchette&quot; -- which it is not -- but served us well as a small bar. I did not like (a) the view -- an empty building construction site adjacent to the hotel -- not good. The bed was okay but would agree with a previous reviewer that it was a little &quot;hard for my taste&quot;. The location was okay but we took taxis everywhere. Went down to the bar and did not get a good reception. The bartender said they were closing although it was several people still sitting at the bar drinking at 10:30 pm (I think he was just ready to go home). Ate out all the time so can't comment on the restaurant, although I never smelled it tempting aromas coming out of it. Tip: For great food and atmosphere, try Georgia Brown's -- a 8-10 minute taxi ride down the street. Reservations necessary. 
176762081	 An old building, with all of the beauty and charm...our every need was met from check-in to departure We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in September 2013. The staff was very nice, polite and helpful. We came to Washington for our anniversary and they upgraded our room from one King bed to suite without any charge. . Room was quaint with a king size and lovely old world furniture Also,the rooms was lovely, clean, and comfortable. Also, hotel just a few blocks from the Metro station at Foggy Bottom and within easy walking distance of all Washingtons main attractions and only five blocks from the White House. . Highly recommend the Hotel Lombardy<br/>Thanks a lot for wonderful time at Hotel Lombardy. 
176378018	 We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in September 2013. The staff were very nice, polite and helpful. They upgraded our room from one King bed to two doubles without any charge.<br/>The room was spacious and clean and had a separate place as a small semi-kitchen and dining place.The bathroom was nice and very clean. The only thing was that it only had a shower head and not a hand shower.<br/>Although the hotel gives you a sense of historic charm, the facilities are modern and handy. There is a small bar and restaurant at the first floor that we did not use.<br/>The location was also very convenient. it is very near to foggy Bottom Subway station, George Washington University and a Whole Foods Market.There is a star Bucks and Pret-à-Manger just few blocks away.It is around 10-15 minutes walk to white house.<br/>There is free wireless internet that is of course really useful and the hotel provides complimentary bottle of water daily.<br/>I really recommend it if you want to stay in a great and calm place at the heart of Washington DC. 
4301179	 Postivies<br/>-Great location.<br/><br/>Now for the bad....List is long<br/><br/>Horrible factilities<br/>-broken elevator<br/>-broken ligthing<br/><br/>Dilapidated rooms<br/>-a/c broken<br/>-bedsheets dirty<br/>-carpet with inch thick dust layer<br/><br/>Worst service<br/>-No room service ever shows up<br/>-Dirty onsite restaurant<br/><br/>Who's writing the great reviews, I read them all the bad ones were dead on. It is not quaint and not romantic at all.! Can we get a local journalist to review this place.<br/> 
4153071	 What a quaint hotel!!<br/>I stayed at the wonderful Hotel Lombardy for business. The rooms are very nice, and mine had a view of the park.<br/>I loved the kitchenette in the room. I was able to store milk and soda in the refridgerator.<br/>The Hotel feels European, with its intimate Cafe, and very ritzy but understated Venetian room.<br/><br/>The staff were very friendly.<br/> 
67764946	 We LOVED Hotel Lombardy! The staff were friendly, (if a little scarce, at times!), and the position and decor/facilties surpassed my expectations.<br/>Our room and the corridors are full of lovely chinese antiquities - wardrobes, lamp stands, wall hangings - which gives a luxurious feel to an authentic little hotel which still has the original victorian lifts in working order. There was free WiFi connection which was appreciated, a minibar (ditto) and all the usual amenities one expects in a 4* hotel.<br/>We did feel that the prices for room service or restaurant food was steep, as was the massage on offer, but we ate out anyway, so no problem. 
66756911	 I loved Hotel Lombardy. I chose it based on TripAdvisor recommendations and so glad that I did. Great location. Great service. Great value. So close to Foggy Bottom metro-- orange/blue line takes you to all the Smithosonians. Walking distance to Georgetown (comfy shoes). We rented bikes in Georgetown and rode up the C&amp;O Canal towpath. You can also take a long walk from the hotel to the monuments (again, comfy shoes). The room was a little small, but very comfortable, semi-luxurious, and CLEAN. It's a old hotel so lots of doors but it was also quaint. They have great bar. The room rate was amazing. I've been telling everybody to stay here. Stop searching now and book it here. 
65396277	 Stayed for two nights while working at GWU Hospital - booked on the AAA rate which was ~$225/night<br/><br/>Good: <br/>- Location - walking distance to Foggy Bottom subway and GWU Hospital campus<br/>- Suite size was very spacious<br/>- TVs in living room &amp; bedroom were quite good<br/>- Free high speed wired Internet access. It was a bit finicky but that was likely an issue with the router in my room.<br/><br/>Not-so-good:<br/>- $1/call for ALL calls including 1-800 numbers. Even the big hotel chains don't nickel &amp; dime you on toll-free calls so why do these guys?<br/>- Lots of pillows on the king-sized bed, all equally firm - a little variety is nice 
65302379	 We got a cheap deal on this hotel and got what we paid for. The rooms were big and bed comfy but our window looked directly into an office block, if I opend my window I could have used the PC in their office they were so close, so we couldn't open our blinds at all mid week. The hotel was cleanish but we did not get our room cleaned everyday or our bed made. There is no concierge and the staff are uninterested in you, nothing personal about this hotel. It's a good location and near the metro. I wouldn't stay here again, Dupont Cirlce is not far and more fun area. Our room was next to the store cupboard and we certainly knew it! 
64003336	 Old charming hotel, we read the history of the building (old historical apartment building from the 1930's, charming!). Good location to the National mall (walking distance), blocks for the Metro station, and plenty of places to eat close by. <br/>Only down side was the bath was a little smaller than we are used to, I guess that was part of the charm...to live life as it was in the 1930's. 
63262824	 I made the booking for a four-night weekend break through hotels.com at a good price. We were looking for a central place that was a smaller hotel with some character, as well as peace and quiet. The Lombardy fit the bill beautifully. The location is great with the metro being a couple of blocks away and the White House about a 10-minute walk. Our room was not spacious but quite adequate, and the bed and linens were very comfortable. Internet service worked well. The staff were very attentive and friendly both in the hotel and in the restaurant. We enjoyed breakfasts and dinner in the hotel restaurant, and our first evening hanging out at the bar was amiable and relaxing. Whenever we return to Washington, we will stay at the Lombardy. 
25946989	 I was pleased with this hotel, liked it better than I had expected based on the reviews. <br/><br/>Yes, it is an older building, which is one reason I liked it so much. Yes, there’s an old style elevator. <br/><br/>As another review suggested, there is a bellman. A Bank of America ATM dispenses cash about a half block away from the hotel entrance. I saw no decent way to get to my room without allowing the bellman to help me, which of course cost me some currency. I arrived, in fact, in a roaring hurry, needing to drop off my bags and get to the theatre within fifteen minutes. The bellman took care of all of this. <br/><br/>My room (505) was clean. It had a single king and three distinct areas: (1) the main bedroom into which I first entered, with the bed, an easy chair, a dresser with one of those huge flat TV screens on top of it, and a small very handy desk right inside the door. (2) to the left of the main room, an anteroom to the bathroom, with a sort of vanity table where I could imagine a woman putting on her makeup. (2a) the bathroom itself, with a tub-shower. (4) to the right of the main room, a kitchenette. <br/><br/>The bathroom had two different kinds of bar soap. The bath soap smelled like taffy and lathered nicely, was called “warm vanilla sugar,” while the hand soap was called “coconut lime verbena.” The shampoo bore the same name and I enjoyed using it. There was conditioner but no skin lotion. <br/><br/>I liked the decorations / details: table lamps, framed prints on the walls, wooden window blinds. Nothing was shabby and everything seemed clean with one tiny exception: I found one hair in the shower which was the wrong color to be mine. The shower nozzle worked beautifully. Everything was in good repair. The bathroom had two real glasses in addition to some plastic-wrapped disposable ones. <br/><br/>The kitchenette had no microwave but the counter and sink were nicer than I would have expected, with a monochrome aluminum theme. There were two large ceramic coffee mugs in addition to wrapped disposable cups. The coffee machine was nicer than what one usually encounters in a hotel, with a modernistic aluminum carafe which matched the counter, sink, and the cabinet and drawers beneath the counter. The kitchenette included a small round glass-top table with two wicker chairs. <br/><br/>One detail I particularly liked was the fact that my windows opened. I stayed here on 8 March, when the weather was pleasant, and I much preferred breathing fresh outdoors air to “canned” AC air. It was easy to shut off the heat/ac and the fan. I saw no way that a criminal could have entered my windows unless he had been a terrific athlete and rock climber or Spiderman himself, so I felt perfectly safe leaving my windows wide open all night. <br/><br/>No street noises interfered with my sleep. I wore earplugs to bed, as I always do; but excessive noise can easily wake me through my earplugs. Nothing woke me at Hotel Lombardy until I was ready to wake up. <br/><br/>My windows opened onto a central ventilation area or courtyard, so that I had no view; but I had not expected or requested a view. The courtyard was not a source of noise other than the humming of what probably was air conditioning units. <br/><br/>The desk by the door had an Ethernet cable which provided fast internet access. <br/><br/>Outside my door in the morning I found the Washington Post. The woman across the corridor had left her boots outside the door at night; in the morning they stood, polished, on top of her copy of the Post. <br/><br/>Breakfast at Café Lombardy was pleasant. The food was okay; the company was what “made it.” <br/><br/>I asked for eggs over medium and that’s how they came. The downside was the lack of carbohydrate. “Potatoes” meant about one ounce of fresh potato, sliced about 5mm thick and sautéed. By contrast, my plate came with with about 5 slabs of bacon. I would have preferred real home fries, a hearty serving, the biggest thing on the plate, steaming hot, whereas when I order “bacon” all I expect is two slabs. <br/><br/>The upside was the lively, interesting company; I got to talk with people from overseas who had come to Washington for a conference at the World Bank. The fact that these individuals had chosen this hotel provided further evidence that I had made a good choice. 
24431057	 I had a great experience at the Lombardy- it feels like a small, quaint, boutique hotel. As the previous reviewers indicated, the elevators are old (and staffed) and so there are times when you have to wait for them -- but I also felt that the elevators and the elevator attendant give the hotel a kind of old, quaint feel. I never had to wait more than a couple of minutes, even at busy times. My room was very comfortable, and quite large- a bedroom with a king sized bed, a small dressing area with a closet and dressing table, a bathroom, and a kitchen. The decor was very contemporary, fun, and funky. The hotel also has a really cute restaurant (I had a delicious breakfast there) and the location can't be beat. It's definitely true that the Lombardy isn't a Sheraton or a Marriott- so if efficiency is your thing, the Lombardy probably isn't your place. But if you are looking for some place a bit more intimate, funky, and fun, take a chance on the Lombardy. 
23014936	 We got an incredile value for the room. We were extremely satisfied with the staff who helped us to figure out the metro, circulator, cabs, and walking to locations. The room was quiet and comfortable. The bathroom was clean and mold free. It was excellent to walk to many locations. It was near the Metro. We will definately be back when we can. 
22528941	 We stayed at this hotel for two nights and were both impressed - we would both stay there again. <br/><br/>We had a lovely room with a king-sized bed overlooking the park. The room was generously sized, and the bed was very comfortable with clean and comfortable sheets and a down comforter. The location is superb - about a 10 minute walk of the White House, and it is across the park from a memorable seafood restaurant called Kinkead's. <br/><br/>The staff were friendly and accommodating, and even helped my boyfriend out in a way that went above and beyond the call of duty. Our luggage had been lost by the airline we flew and had not arrived by the following morning when my boyfriend, an attorney, had to appear to try a case in Federal District Court. One of the hotel staff members loaned my boyfriend his suitcoat and tie to allow my boyfriend to appear (at least somewhat) presentably before the court. It was a very kind and generous gesture and it was much appreciated - thanks Ojo!!<br/><br/>We had breakfast in the restaurant and I had the best French Toast I think I've ever had. The coffee was superb, as was the service. It was a charming place to stay.<br/><br/>The only 'negative' is the old elevator - it was always prompt and we never had to wait more than a minute for it to arrive, but it is an old elevator and we could hear the motor in our rooms. So, earplugs were handy - but we are both light sleepers too. 
21502882	 I was very disappointed in the service that I received from this hotel. On the plus side, the room that we stayed in was clean (but small) and the bed was very comfortable. The elevator was a cool experience, however there were times that we had to wait well over 5 minutes. Often, we choose to take the stairs both up and down (we were on the 8th floor). Great location for walking to the White House and some of the other attractions.<br/>My biggest complaint was the front desk experience. The elevator attendants were also the same people who did valet parking. During busy check-in and check-out times, it was an absolute debacle. There was zero communication. We pulled up to the hotel, someone came out eventually, took our bags, and asked for the car keys....then they asked what our room number was. I was still standing outside so I said &quot;I don't know yet.&quot; When I did check in, I was handed my room key and was told absolutely nothing. Now....this hotel has many amenities. I was informed of none of them. I didn't find out until the next day (through casual conversation) that the valet parking was costing me $34.00 a day. I was never informed of any expense related to parking. It is not on the site, it wasn't mentioned when I made the reservation and it was never mentioned upon check-in. After I found out, I went to the front desk and spoke to the manager. The manager was very rude. He had an attitude and gave me the whole &quot;I don't know what you want me to do.&quot; He also said that the cost was &quot;absolutely on the web site&quot;. I have yet to find it. This is not the kind of service that I am willing to accept. We will not be staying at this hotel ever again. 
21433135	 My wife and I spent two nights at the Hotel Lombardy and were very disappointed with our stay. We booked the hotel through Quikbook. I inquired about using AAA when speaking to the agent and was told to handle that at the front desk upon arrival. However, when I arrived the hotel clerk told me they were unable to honor AAA discounts since the reservation wasn't made using AAA in advance. Strike one... <br/><br/>The first evening, we went to the Venetian Lounge and ordered drinks, My wife ordered a White Russian (Vodka, Kaluha and Milk). She was served vodka and milk and returned the drink to the bartender who promptly told her they were out of Kaluha. Why she wasn't told this before the drink was served is beyond me. Strike two...<br/><br/>Our room (located beside the elevator on the 6th floor) needed attention. The air filter in the unit looked like it hadn't been changed in years. Light bulbs were out in the lamps and were not changed though I asked for them to be and the noise of the vintage elevator started full-force around 5am each morning and could only be drowned out by the yelling of the housekeeping crew outside our door beginning around 7am. So, not much of a relaxing environment for sure. Strike three...<br/><br/>Needless to say, we'll look elsewhere the next time we're in DC and suggest you do the same. 
225137349	 This old-style hotel is well-located, and the staff is friendly. The 8th floor room was very comfortable and fairly spacious. I didn't mind the small bathroom - reminiscent of Paris. Pillows on the bed, however, were exceptionally bulky and were not appropriate for sleeping. The housekeepers were responsive and supplied better pillows. Room was quiet despite facing Pennsylvania Avenue.<br/><br/>The Cafe Lombardy restaurant in the hotel was a real plus. This simple setting serves a good breakfast and the dinner menu is well executed. The wine list and cuisine are worthy for those who like relatively good quality.<br/><br/>Parking for your car at the Hotel Lombardy deserves mention. The hotel's parking situation is a little tough since wherever they garage your car is off-site. There is very minimal loading parking in front of the hotel, so the pressure to find parking can be a battle. The hotel staff do a decent job of handling cars, but there is no full-time person on the parking. Cost per day for parking is an additional $42.00 or so. <br/><br/>The desk clerks at reception were pleasant - they didn't seem particularly knowledgeable about <br/>nearby restaurants.<br/><br/>Overall, the Hotel Lombardy is a very good place to stay overnight or for a few days. The staff is sweet, and the location is fine if you don't mind healthy walks to the mall and museums. The room's price in August was quite reasonable and good value. 
224822380	 Staff was helpful and friendly. Room was clean and comfortable..a little small. Did not eat in restaurant, but had drinks and apps. in bar (they have a Happy Hour). Take a walk across the street to Founding Farmers VERY GOOD food. <br/>The Hotel is very close to most attractions 10-15 min walk or $5-$6 cab fare. For the most part Georgetown is an overpriced outdoor shopping mall. Many chain stores i.e. Urban Outfitters and a few overpriced Boutiques. There are a few good places , but not many. 
224180361	 This hotel is in a great location, especially if you have a kid at GWU (as we do). It is a classy old building with lots of charm. The rooms are nice-sized for a city hotel, and the view from our 9th floor room overlooking Pennsylvania Ave were great. Very light and airy for a city hotel. <br/><br/>But the bed was so springy that every time my wife or I rolled over the whole bed shook. The carpet in the room was threadbare with no padding. Both bed and carpet need to be replaced before I will go back<br/><br/>One other point - there are louvered doors on a spring as you enter each room. If you aren't careful, they bang shut. We were woken up more than once by these doors slamming. A piece of rubber stripping or some other solution is needed.<br/><br/><br/><br/> 
223923688	 Just lovely! Very comfortable rooms, enormous size beds (this has its pros and cons ;) ) ignore the nit picky reviews Hotel Lombardy ticks the boxes of comfortable, convenient and the best showers! Bonus is the Uni around the corner so well priced places to eat and drink - Tonic at the Pharmacy is a winner - summary, can't go wrong. 
223907987	 We stayed,here a few months ago and had a wonderful stay and room. <br/>This hotel is in a great location walkable to GW Georgetown and the White House. The staff is very courteous and helpful. Unfortunately our room was not as well kept as last visit. The,bed was very comfortable but the room dreary and the bathroom dirty, especially the tub. The light did not work on the,vanity table in the bathroom. Nearby restaurants are circa and district commons. 
223522647	 Great hotel. Visited DC for sightseeing with my adult son. The hotel is in a great location - within walking distance to historic sites, several great bars and restaurants, Georgetown, and 2 metro stops. The staff at the hotel are friendly and helpful. Despite others finding the doormen rude, I found everyone to be polite, helpful, and personable. The staff at the front desk, especially London, were patient with questions, and offered excellent suggestions on dining options. Check in/out was easy and flawless. The rooms (we had a deluxe double) are roomy, quaint, and for the most part clean. The only fault I have is that the floors could have been cleaned better (we found items on the floor - that were not ours). Also, while the beds are very comfortable, the pillows are not. Otherwise, no complaints about the rooms. Room service came in twice during the day to replace towels and touch up the room. Complimentary bottled waters were left each night, which was a plus after walking the city all day. I would definitely stay at this hotel in the future. 
170215690	 Great location. Free upgrade to the honeymoon suite. Amazing staff. We were only there one day, and I wish we could have stayed longer! The bed was very comfy. It is an older hotel (1920's) but you can't tell. Will definately stay here again!!! 
170061422	 The Good:<br/>Nice location-convenient to metro etc. Employees were very nice &amp; helpful. <br/> The Bad: There was no book in the room to tell where anything was in the hotel. No idea if there was a fitness room, pool, etc. Hunted to find a small bar which we did not use. No lobby to sit in -just a tiny check in desk in an obscure little room up some stairs from the entrance.<br/>The Ugly- The hotel decided to change the locks-I mean the entire lock without any notice! We came back to the room after touring only to find a totally different type of lock. We felt like we were in the twilight zone! No place to swipe our key! Thankfully some off duty maids happened by who had the new keys but had a hard time making them work to allow us into our room!<br/>After getting into our room we find a note that had been left by the maids about changing the locks. Too bad that note was locked in our room while we were locked out! 
170058502	 This old world hotel on Pennsylvania Ave is relatively close to the major DC attractions. We were a little disappointed in the size of the king room which was a corner room on the 5th floor. Expected more space though the room was comfortable and the bed great for sleeping. The service here was excellent with no request being to much, the corner rooms are the smallest and consequently have no fridge in the room. A request for a fridge was quickly fulfilled without question, complaint or charge. The breakfast was very good and reasonably priced though the bar was somewhat expensive, though again a request for wine glasses to use in our room was met without question. We would recommend this hotel and only negatives would be the very small lift no 2 and the compulsory 18% gratuity added to every bar or breakfast charge. 
170048136	 We had a great stay.. Thank you for your fantastic service.. Most impressed with the way your staff remembered everything about us.. Each day was enjoyable.. Our room was beautifully clean and daily servicing was impeccable... Hope one day we will come back..<br/><br/>Michael &amp; Irene (New Zealand) 
169906192	 From check-in to check out this historic hotel is top of the line. The staff are very polite and helpful. Each guest is treated like an only guest (observation). <br/>There is a lovely restaurant. I can't comment on the food since I only had toast and coffee and fruit salad. <br/>The lounge was a very comfortable and relaxing refuge at the end of a busy day. Snacks were available. The crab cakes were excellent. <br/><br/>We had a room with 2 double beds and a wet bar with a nice little table by the window for 2. The room was a nice size. Very tastefully decorated. <br/><br/>This is a really nice place to stay while in Washington. A few blocks from the White House. You can walk to the Washington Mall from here. Three blocks to the Foggy Bottom Subway station.<br/><br/>Very convenient to everything.<br/><br/>I really recommend The Hotel Lombardy as anice place to stay in Washington, DC.<br/> . 
169884051	 My cousin and I stayed 5 nights at Hotel Lombardy and we were very pleased with the room we had. We had the Parkview Suite and it was wonderful. It did not give you the feeling of being in 'just' a hotel. The staff are also very friendly. 
46330705	 My husband and I went to Washington DC this summer and stayed at the Hotel Lombardy for a week. The hotel was better than I could've imagined! Very friendly staff and they were very accomodating throughout the entire week. The hotel was extremely clean and was located in great spot! We walked to the White House (just about 3 blocks down) every morning, along with other attractions that were very close by. Would definitely recommend this to a friend and will definitely stay again on our next trip to D.C. 
46285042	 This hotel positions itself as being premier, so I think they hurt themselves by setting false expectations of grandeur. It is charming and is in a convenient location, but I don't know if that makes it worth the money for me. Firstly, we were told that there was only valet parking available, and then the attendant acted as though it was a huge inconvenience to park the car. He suggested that we find street parking, and when we declined he was visibly perturbed. We got to the room and the decor was lovely, but the AC did not cool the room. I understand that it is a historic building, but for $130/night they could seriously invest in some more fans or something. By the end of the night, I was rubbing cool washcloths on my forehead to beat the heat. In Hotel Lombardy's defense, I did not complain about the heat so I can't say whether they would have offered something or not. It was a nice experience, but I will definitely try somewhere different on my next trip to DC. 
46275224	 I was so impressed with this hotel. It is very charming with many original details. We were within walking distance of many great sights. Our room was huge (except for the bathroom itself) and had a sitting area/small kitchen. The decorations were impeccable. The elevator took forever, so we used the stairs and it was no problem. My only complaint was that their bar seemed to close quite early. 
46097805	 If you spend several hundred dollars for a night in a hotel, maybe its me but I expect service. The attitude at the front desk (I checked in late afternoon) left alittle to be desired. After checking in, the lifts... They are manual. And there are only 2. For a ~10 story building with ~15 rooms to a floor. Thus, we waited. And waited. I ended up taking the stairs to my 4th floor room. Worse: the next morning, one of the lifts was down for what looked like maintenance. Room itself was v clean, functional. Seperate kitchen, flat screen TV and Kohler shower head a nice touch. Provided toiletries were lower-end and whilst I expect mini bar prices to be stupidly expensive, these ones set a new record. I did not eat the restaurant attached (Georgetown is a 15 min walk down the road: failing there, there's a good sports bar 3 blocks east). All in all? The location saved this one which is the only reason I'd recommend it to a friend. Yes, the rooms were v clean but not memorable. The &quot;other bits&quot; however tended to overshadow this in my opinion.. 
46054548	 The good:<br/>- Historic and well maintained, very clean<br/>- Great location, 15 min walk to edge of national mall, 5 min walk to Metro, many good places to eat nearby.<br/>- Friendly staff usually there to open the door and always there to operate the ancient elevator.<br/>- Price was better than the competition.<br/><br/>The bad:<br/>- The restaurant was too expensive for my crew - looked nice from afar.<br/>- That original elevator is small and slow, the quaintness wears off after a day.<br/>- Your floor and the floor above you creak like no tomorrow. Hope that your upstairs neighbor likes to sleep in.<br/>- Ice maker was in the basement, so I was told, I never ventured down to verify. 
46053565	 This hotel was ok. The room was clean and the staff was friendly.<br/>We payed $180 (a little too pricy) we only stayed there one night. I would not pay that price again for this hotel. The elevator is a bit antiquated and takes a while.<br/>I was not charged an internet fee. Book in advance if you want a cheaper rate. 
98288706	 This is our second time staying at Hotel Lombardy - I just couldn't wait to get back. This time we stayed in a king room facing Pennsylvania Ave. ( room 601). While it was very nice, it was noisier being on the street and was not nearly as large as the previous room on the back left corner (room 612, I believe) that looked out to an office building - not a problem on the weekend. Would stay here again and again. Parked in Colonial Car park under the building across the street (entrance on north side and the exit puts you on the side of Founding Farmers) for $10/day. Ate at Founding Farmers again - reservations are a must - will review this again as well. Long walk to Mall and White House area (in gusty winter-ish weather) but hotel is so quaint! 
98162947	 This place is well located for Georgetown and metro stops. You can walk anywhere of any interest from here if you want. Smithsonian is about 30 mins and verizon about 20 min walk. Bed was really comfy but rooms a little noisy as theres a lot of sirens on the night due to close proximity of hospital and obama's entourage driving past. Breakfast is ok, average. We didn't get our room cleaned for 3 days! However, we would probably stay here again as it was relatively cheap. Gym is poor though. 2 runners, 1 bike xtraineer and a step machine! 
97839909	 Perfect Location, attentive staff, clean rooms, unique feel, all with an appropriate cost.<br/>Great place to stay. Don't hesitate to book into this hotel for one night or several. You won't regret your decision. 
97772033	 Just stayed there one night, but was I impressed ! My room was actually two rooms: a good-sized bedroom with Tv PLUS a sitting room with sofa, chairs, desk, and another TV. There was large closet, and the bathroom was clean, and sparking white tiled. Great location on Pennsylvania Ave. Staff was attentive, and the linens and bed were clean and firm, respectively. Comfy pillows and chairs. All in all, a great place to stay relatively inexpensively, especially if you like classic old architectural structures. The only thing that went wrong during my stay was that the toilet bowl got clogged for no good reason. Hopefully they addressed this situation after I notified them upon check-out. 
96510554	 I loved the &quot;old&quot; feel of the hotel with antique furniture. I experienced excellent service from the doormen, the reception staff as well as the cleaning staff. The hotel is absolutely centrally situated and I walked everywhere without problem, despite some of the worst weather imaginable. Would gladly stay there again. The only problem for some may be rooms at the back where the garbage removal trucks starts making a noise quite early, but this was not a problem for me as I am up early anyway. <br/><br/>The stairways are very narrow as is the elevator, so be aware of it. I found that taking the stairs (apart from my usual practice for anything up to 6-8 floors) was much faster than waiting for the elevator. 
96420116	 Very nice boutique hotel with excellent room - the screen door was a nice touch. The staff were very friendly and there was a nice bar on the ground floor. 
244745068	 Wanted to stay in a D.C. hotel with a bit of history and character, and Hotel Lombardy delivered. Our room was small but clean and well-appointed, with the quirky details you'll only find in an old hotel (like a weird little corner with a vanity, no mirror). Just a quick 10-minute walk to the White House and the National Mall. Great deal on Groupon. 
244594414	 This was our first stay at the Lombardy. We were in Washington, DC, for the holiday open house at Constitution Hall, National Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution. It was recommended to us by daughters who had stayed there previously. The hotel staff members were courteous, competent and accommodating. The rooms, although not overly spacious, are comfortable, tastefully furnished and quiet. The dining room was noteworthy for excellent service, selection and preparation. Our waiter at dinner, Mohammed, was especially gracious and attentive. An unanticipated benefit was the relative proximity to Metro stations serving both Reagan National Airport and Union Station since we arrived by air, and our trip included an overnight stay in New York City via Amtrak. The Lombardy will be our choice for future visits. 
244509721	 I do like this place. I visited again in November and booking in advance asked for the room I had stayed in before - and got it! No, I'm not going to say which one it was otherwise I may not be able to get it next time, but go for a room on the front and accept that our overlook a busy road junction. The staff are relaxed but courteous, the place is kept immaculately clean and well cared for. Yes, it's old fashioned to some eyes but that's part of its charm. It can take a little time for the lifts to get to you and they are small. It's between 3 Metro stops and getting to pretty well anywhere is relatively easy. I'll be back - and to management - Thanks for giving me the room I asked for, I'll see you next November if not before. 
243771157	 I had to relocate hotels during a business trip and was recommended the hotel lombardy...what a wonderful surprise! I love historic hotels and particularly well maintained ones in great locations...this one meets all my requirements. Highly recommend!!! I will be back! 
243647699	 Recently stayed at this hotel. Excellent location, hospitable staff, clean well decorated rooms. Will return. For an inner city boutique hotel one of the best. Would however not use the big red bus for transportation as recommended by the staff. Very disorganized and expensive. Taxis are not that expensive, readily available everywhere and courteous. 
243350232	 The Hotel Lombardy is a very nice historic hotel in Washington D.C. I've actually stayed here a couple of times on business, though it would certainly work for sight seeing or a romatic weekend (decor is very traditional, with a few Chinese touches here and there). The staff is friendly and helpful, the rooms clean and comfortable. Beds are a bit hard for my taste, but other reviewers have said how much they like them, so that is a matter of personal preference. In my experiences, the rooms I have had have actually had entirely separate kitchen/dining areas, as well as dressing areas outside of nice bathrooms (which tend to be a bit smaller than modern hotels due to age.) There are only about 12-14 rooms per floor. Free wi-fi, free newspaper (at least on weekdays) free bottled water (plus items they charge for in the kitchenette) but valet parking is expensive ($40 plus with taxes). Some of the rooms overlook a small triangular park on Pennsylvania avenue, they have the &quot;view&quot;, but they are also noisier (especially when lots of ambulances are going to nearby GW hospital) than the rooms on the sides of the hotel which have no views. Since I stay here for business, I prefer these side rooms for the lack of street noise. Other things I like include glass glasses (I hate when hotels have plastic glasses, especially when rates exceed $100 per night), and the privacy doors. The reason I gave four stars rather than five was again the hardness of the bed, and the fact that the furniture in my room was a bit scratched up - looked like a previous patron deliberately damaged the desk top, not the hotel's fault, and that the maid came by early the morning I left (a little after 8 a.m.) knocking on doors for check out. Since I was going to business meetings I was up, but would not have apprecaited that if I had been on vacation sleeping in. But a very, very nice hotel which I am sure I will stay in again. 
170746593	 I can't say enough positive things about Hotel Lombardy. I've tried several other hotels in the vicinity on previous trips but will definitely return here next time. VERY quiet rooms; remarkable considering its excellent location on Pennsylvania Ave, about a 10-minute walk to the Foggy Bottom Metro, Whole Foods, GWU and K Street. My king-sized bed room was on the small side and would be tight for 2 people, but it featured a roomy closet and separate efficiency kitchen with a small table and 2 chairs, coffee maker and small refrigerator. No utensils. Fabulous bed and pillows. Wifi is good and included in the room rate. No business center, but helpful staff will print out boarding passes and arrange airport transfers. Book early if at all possible; this place is popular for good reason. 
170739978	 We've stayed at the Lombardy many times, and we anticipate many more visits in the future. Our latest visit was maybe the best yet, with a great suite upgrade, terrific service, and the steady growth of the neighborhood into a lively place with lots of choices.<br/><br/>We also met with the events staff this time around, and they're definitely up to par with the rest of the crew. <br/><br/>A comfortable, attractive, historic property in an ever-improving part of town, at great rates. No down side. 
170635915	 We stayed for 2 nights and we rarely see this level of customer service in regard to housekeeping, front desk and front door staff. Everyone was pleasant and responded to every request. Bottled water and ice were provided whenever we asked without charge. Loved that the a/c was not too loud and the temperature could be adjusted. The bed was enormous and the room was spotless. The location is excellent. This is not a hotel with a spa, ground breaking interior design, etc....but we look for a pleasant stay and a great value when we travel and Hotel Lombardy goes above and beyond for their guests and, to us, customer service is what it's all about. 
170628690	 My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel while spending a weekend in DC. I really enjoyed my stay.<br/>The rooms are classic and comfortable. We didn't have noise coming from anywhere in the hotel and were able to sleep very well. There is a small restaurant downstairs where we had breakfast one day and found it very nice english style (croissants, scrambled eggs and bacon, coffee, fruit juice) and a pleasant place to be. The hotel,is located near thebwhite house and near the mall, where all sites are in DC. It is also a very short taxi ride away from Dupont Circle and Georgetown, so it was ideal for us as we were visiting for only two days. The price is also interesting as it is less expensive than other hotels in the area.<br/>I would stay in this hotel,again and enthousiastically recomend. 
170429875	 The location is great. A few blocks from the White House and not very far from the Washington Monument - both walking distance. They hotel will always get you a taxi if needed at anytime. If you book a drop on/off tour bus - one of their stops is here also which makes it very convenient. <br/><br/>The room was clean and nice, pretty roomy and great wifi connection as well.<br/><br/>The restaurant is very small and overly priced (we had breakfast here). 
170341571	 I loved this hotel. Wonderful location. Everything walkable. Metro and many eating spots close by. Most friendly and efficient staff. I found the older building delightful and had a wonderful room - the best bed and linen I can remember in a hotel, a/c and fan to counter the DC summer. Quirky layout: small but very nice bathroom. Funny little dressing room (why not a larger bathroom but whatever) and narrow little lounge on the other side with a small table, chairs and a kitchenette, which I guess would be nice if you were staying longer. All very charming. Excellent in every regard. 
174291478	 This hotel is good for a city break in Washington DC. I booked directly through the website and got a great rate. Let's break it down.<br/><br/>Service: The service was good. Everyone was helpful and friendly but at checkout I was a little disappointed in the service provided by the man behind the desk. Everyone else was great though, so not much of a complaint here. <br/><br/>Value: Really great value for a hotel in DC. I booked directly through the website and was offered similar rates from a third party &quot;budget&quot; website.<br/><br/>Sleep Quality: the bed and pillows were uncomfortable and made sleeping very difficult. The aircon was quite noisy so could not use it during the night. However, it was okay overall - the pillows do need changing. What is good is that street noise around here is minimal. <br/><br/>Cleanliness: hotel was always cleaned to a very high standard. <br/><br/>Location: within walking distance of the Mall and near a Metro station. Around here at night, there is not much open but there is a TGI Fridays for dinner at a push.<br/><br/>Rooms: well stocked and well furnished. There was an in room safe and WiFi was free throughout the hotel. Curtains blacked out light well and there was very little noise that came in. The rooms were good overall, despite the uncomfortable bed and pillows. <br/><br/>Overall, I would stay here again. It was well-priced and well located. I may just bring my own pillow in future ;) 
173290254	 Room... very clean and confortable. The hotel is near a metro... and near a restaurants!!!... The service is very good!!! Late check out at 12am!!! Good for a trip with family, friends and with partner!!!<br/> 
173265741	 Had a blast staying at the Hotel Lombardy over my birthday weekend. The room was nice, up to date, clean, and the bed was very comfortable. The only downside was the overall size of the room. It was perfect for my fiancé and I, but I wouldn't recommend it for a family of 4. The bathroom was tight and the room was big enough to fit the bed, TV and side tables. Besides room size, the hotel is in a great location and has a wonderful staff! Enjoyed our stay! 
172101142	 Anniversary trip without children in tow. We had a king room which was very nice and clean, comfy bed and a small kitchen with 2 seater sitting area, coffe maker, sink and small mini-bar. The room was spotless!!<br/>nice little makeup table was a cute touch. Safe in the closet. We did not eat in the hotel but there was 2 resturants to choose from one with a small bar. The bellmen were all very eager to please and helpful. I never opened the front door to the hotel once myself!! We had a very nice time there until check out. We got our bill slipped under our door the night of check out. Unfortunately the bill was incorrect. We got a deal online with the hotels direct website were our parking was included for $127/night. We were charged $127 for every night we stayed plus $36/day parking. Into the reception area we go at 7AM. The fellow on duty said he would fix and we advised we would come back around 10Am to settle up. My husband went down at 10am to find another attendent on the desk. The parking issue was fixed but now an $80 breakfast from the resturant and a $25 umbrella were on our bill. :( Anyway finally fixed but it did tarnish an otherwise very nice stay at The Lombardy.<br/>The Big Bus hop on hop off was an excellent way to see alot of DC in a short amount of time.<br/>Starbucks galore in the area and a liquor store just up the street. 
172045462	 We were very happy with this hotel. It was a good value, nice location, and nice old room. It's an older building, and you can tell, but really it only adds charm. The room had a very large comfy king bed. My only real complaint is the expensive ($48/night) parking. We just went down to I and 22nd and found parking for $11/night on sat and then street parking is free on Sunday. 
171750567	 I booked the hotel several months prior to the arrival date and the rate was excellent for this location. It's a 10 minute walk to Georgetown University. There's a Wholefood Market nearby where you can select from an elaborate breakfast buffet at 7am in the morning and also get a lunch box to go if desire. The service was very friendly. The surprising part of this hotel is the extra and complimentary amenities in your room: wireless Internet, bottled waters, and newspaper. 
5412675	 Background - <br/>My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Lombardy for 4 nights while sight seeing in D.C. We've been to D.C. twice before and staying at the Washington Suites and another hotel (I forgot the name) in DuPont Circle.<br/><br/>Location - <br/>The Lombardy is located in the Foggy Bottom area, near the campus of George Washington University. It was about a 5 minute walk to the nearest Metro stop (Farragut West or GWU/Foggy Bottom). It's a 10 minute walk to the White House or Georgetown. There are a few restaurants nearby (notably Kinkead's), but nothing like Georgetown, Adams-Morgan, etc. Primarily office space near the hotel.<br/><br/>Accomodations - <br/>We asked for and received a room facing Pennsylvania Avenue. The room was not the most luxurious we've ever stayed in, but was superior to a standard Holiday Inn-type room. Not as nice as Washington Suites. The air conditioning had a hard time keeping up with the the outside temp (&gt;90 degrees everyday), but it was always comfortable at about 76-77 degrees.<br/><br/>The bathroom was clean, but the shower was a bit spare. There was a very simple one setting showerhead with near hydrant water pressure. Better that than low pressure. Not problems with hot/cold water.<br/><br/>Service - <br/>The front desk was extremely helpful and professional. They recommended that I park my car on the street for the first two weekend nights, which was free, thereby avoiding the hotel's $28 per night charge to valet park in the garage. I woke up early Monday, moved my car off the street and had it valet parked for the next two nights by the hotel.<br/><br/>There can be some delays while waiting for the manually operated elevator, but it was never more than a few minutes. The elevator is small, probably fitting no more than 5 riders, plus the operator at any given time. I thought it was a nice touch to this vintage hotel, but if you're a business traveller on the move, it could get a bit frustrating.<br/><br/>Housekeeping came everyday to straighten things up. I noticed vacuum cleaner marks in the carpet, so they vacuumed at least once while we were there. Turn down service was a bit spotty (2 out of 4 nights), but that's just a bonus.<br/><br/>Miscellaneous -<br/>There's no breakfast included. I usually like to grab something and go, but the restaurant at the hotel isn't really conducive to that anyway. The hotel website goes into some detail regarding the restaurant/lounge. <br/><br/>Also, there's no individual ice machines on the floors. I made a call down to the front desk and someone brought up a bucket of ice within a couple minutes. Same thing when I needed additional wash cloths.<br/><br/>Washington Post is provided on weekday mornings.<br/><br/>One last directional item - The driving directions from Mapquest were miserable. I would recommend you just look at a map of D.C. Lombardy is more or less at the diagonal intersection of I (Eye) Street and Pennsylvania Avenue on the Northeast corner. I Street is one way, so if you're coming from the west, you'll have to go past it on Penn Ave, make a left at the first light you hit (20th) and then another left on I Street. The hotel's Penn Ave address is misleading.<br/><br/>Value -<br/>I feel that the hotel is very reasonably priced, given the accomodations and location. D.C. is not a cheap place to spend a night. I'm not sure if $28 per night for parking is a fair value, but it seems like it since Chicago and New York parking was $40 when I stayed there. Overall, a very nice hotel with a few minor quirks.<br/> 
4726256	 My daughter and I stayed at this hotel for three nights in March. Our room was beautifully appointed and in a quiet part of the hotel. The lift was very small, and often crowded, so we usually bypassed it and used the stairs. Our only complaint was the room airconditioning, which stopped working on the second day of our stay. We had a maintenance man look at it, and he managed to get it running for us. However, the next day it stopped working again, and our room quickly became quite stuffy and warm. Another staff member came to look at the airconditioner, but was not able to get it working (the compressor just cut out all the time). This second staff member told us that there had been many complaints about the airconditioners that day, so it was not an isolated problem. However, apart from that, the hotel was reasonably priced, classy and we would stay there again.<br/> 
4568051	 My preschool aged daughter and I stayaed at the Hotel Lombary while in town for doctor appointments. What a delightful hotel! The doormen actually opened the doors (and carried our stroller up the stairs) and were very friendly and efficient. My daughter loved the fact that a man operated the elevator. Yes, it is an old fashioned elevator with an attendant! The suite was quite comfortable. It was warm and felt more like we were in Europe rather than in D.C. Plenty of space. My only complaint was the housekeeping. One day our room was not made up although we left at 8 a.m. and returned at 5 p.m. Everyone seemed to enjoy their job - that was a pleasant change from the usual grumpiness of hotel employees.<br/><br/>We enjoyed our stay thoroughly and definately will stay at the Lombardy again.<br/> 
4456606	 Lovely, charming non-corporate and non-cookie-cutter feel to this hotel. The Hotel Lombardy staff is friendly and accommodating, especially the smiling doormen and elevator (yes!) operators. The room had a freshly laundered smell, the bed is glorious, with down comforter and 6 pillows. (king). I was here visiting my son at George Washington University and the location is excellent. The complimentary internet accesss--I used wireless--in the room was a big plus!<br/> 
4417852	 I found this hotel to be quite nice. The service was excellent and very friendly. Room was comfortable, with free internet access. Carpet was slightly soiled, but other amenities made up for this minor problem. 
4365471	 Stepping into The Hotel Lombardy was a refreshing and comforting experience. <br/>The staff was very professional and bellcaptain a delight. The elevator (historic treasure). Manually operated, I thoroughly admired.<br/>French cuisine in the restaurant (quite affordable)to my taste and my pocket. <br/>Charming in personality both staff and decor. Must revisit soon! 
216463113	 stayed here 3 nights in July and had an overall successful experience.Room was small but bed was very,very comfortable and the linens high quality and grade.bathroom was a very good size<br/>and the shower hot and powerful.Get a room towards the back as strett -Pennsylvania Avenue - 4 blocks from White House is very noisy early in the morning and through the day ,&gt;etro is 2 blocks away so eaily traveling<br/>staff at front desk on arrival not very friendly or welcoming,no offer of a map or suggestions about where to eat.this was a not great start to the stay.<br/>On the other hand another desk agent -Fitzi- was friendly and helpful even after we left and called back to locate a misplaced item.Perhaps they should have Fitzi train the rest of the staff,it would be good for the guest experience. 
216443914	 Four friends...a weekend stay In DC...<br/>We enjoyed the Lombardy............staff was very at front desk as well as at door, and all about.<br/>Our rooms were lovely, and clean, and comfortable. 2 queen beds, and a little area with vanity, and another area with table and chairs and fridge..... decorated nicely<br/>We ate breakfast twice there..seemed pricey, but food was good [though eggs over &quot;medium&quot; or eggs over &quot;well&quot; did not pan out]<br/>We had a nice stay.. 
215883515	 This hotel was our second choice, since everything closer to the Washington mall area was booked. We stayed for two nights, and paid well over $550 for our stay. We arrived from the west coast after 10:00 P.M. E.T., and had difficulty finding a restaurant in this area that was still open. The cafe at the hotel was closed, but went on line to find that there was a TGIF nearby. We found that after 9:00 P. M. there was very little activity in this area.<br/><br/>The hotel has no business center, a completely unsecured wi-fi connection, and if you ask for a wake up call they actually come to your room and knock on the door.<br/><br/>The staff was unobtrusive. As a matter of fact, do not expect the bellman to assist with your baggage or to help flag down a taxi. <br/><br/>The rooms were clean, but the air conditioner was so loud we had to shut it off for the night.<br/><br/>My first instincts to stay elsewhere were correct. 
215764749	 This is my tenth visit to Hotel Lombardy over the past year, and it never disappoints. In fact, it exceeds. From welcoming doormen to the capable and pleasant team at the front desk, you are immediately delighted to be there. The lovely Venetian Lounge is tended by Nathan, who will make you feel right at home. And, the restaurant is quite good. For a small hotel like this, sometimes one would find housekeeping issues - not here. It is spotless. Although business will bring me back shortly, I am already looking forward to my next stay at Hotel Lombardy. 
215355939	 We had a great time at Hotel Lombardy. The door staff was extremely attentive and friendly both coming in and when we left. The room was large and clean and the bed was very comfortable. We were on the 8th floor and faced an inner courtyard, so street noise wasn't a problem. Great job folks, we'll be back! 
215215776	 Met by a smiling Doorman, escorted to the reception desk, everyone working is smiling and helpful. Room was beautiful, beds wonderful, pillows more than can be asked for. Dinner in Hotel was sensibly priced. The waiter, a kindly gentleman named Mohammed, impeccable service and friendly, not over-bearing, professional to nth degree.<br/><br/>The bar/lounge was comfortable and just the right lighting. The tender of the bar went out of his way to find a newspaper for me, he left the bar to search for one for me. Returned later that evening with my wife and as I told her before entering, &quot;I bet he'll address you as Madam at some point. He did, It's wonderful to be treated so well when away from home. Would highly recommend this Hotel to anyone, 4 blocks from the White House, an easy walk and 8 short blocks to the Lincoln Memorial and The Vietnam Memorial Wall 
128669485	 The Lombardy is a Euro-style hotel in the midst of Washington, say four or five blocks from the White House. Can't get any closer than that. The price is reasonable for the location. The staff are efficient, know their jobs, and are friendly. Almost like a welcoming family. The dining room serves an intelligent variety of breakfasts for the bacon &amp; eggs crowd to a fruit mixture. Dinners also provide an excellent choice and there are a variety of others in the neighborhood. I've been staying here for about 20 years, on and off, and still recommend it. 
128666124	 I tried writing this review a month ago, but computer problems ended up killing a lengthy description that I'll try to recreate. I stayed here for two nights for business during the first week of April 2012. This hotel is a great value ... $200 (AAA rate) for a huge room in the heart of the District. It is a boutique-style hotel with a small front desk and no lobby.<br/><br/>My room was on the top floor (1103). I noticed some reviewers of this hotel mentioned noise, but my stay was perfectly quiet. There was a small foyer just inside the door with a bathroom to the left, a sitting room with desk to the right, and the bedroom around the corner. Both the bedroom and the sitting room were very roomy.<br/><br/>The decor is a bit difficult to describe. It was a bit .... like Aunt Edna's house. You didn't have an Aunt Edna? Well, she was an older (when I was young) widowed woman. She kept here place very clean, but her furniture was a bit dated and her taste in furnishings was very subdued. (They must have hired her to do the decorating here.) I'm not saying that it's bad, just a little ..., well, subdued. Personally, I'd prefer something a bit livelier.<br/><br/>I peaked into the quaint little bar inside the hotel and it had the same feel. This kept me from going in because, while I was looking for a disco, I was after something a little more upbeat. I went to bed instead. The bed in my room was very comfortable, and as I mentioned earlier, very quiet.<br/><br/>If you watch the slideshow on the Tripadvisor hotel link, the hotel appears livelier than what I experienced.<br/><br/>The one thing that I did like a lot was anonymity (sp?) of the place. If those secret service guys who got in trouble in South America had been staying here, they could have taken those prostitutes up to their rooms and no one would have noticed.<br/><br/>This hotel is on a small street that runs diagonally connecting it with the large Pennsylvania Avenue that is the hotel's address. The hotel is actually slightly off Pennsylvania near the end of the block of that smaller street I described. You slip in and out of the hotel passing only the doormen. Both of those that I encountered were friendly and helpful, two 10s.<br/><br/>All in all my stay was enjoyable. If you want a subdued, stealthy hotel, this is the place. It is also an unbeatable bargain.<br/><br/>My overall rating for this hotel is probably lower than it should be, especially when you look at my individual ratings ... but Aunt Edna's place always gave me a slightly uncomfortable feeling. Remember, not bad, just a little too ... subdued. 
128514882	 A lovely little european style boutique hotel with a cheery dining room for breakfast 
128443798	 Great stay. Great location. Its an older hotel, but has been upkept and the staff is very attentive. Stayed there 20 years ago, and will stay there again. 
128170061	 We were very pleased to see how close this sedate historic hotel is to GW campus. This is a reasonably priced, old fashioned hotel, nicely updated but traditional. Compared to other DC hotels, the rates were extremely reasonable and the rooms are large, with mini kitchens. We were delighted with our oversized 9th floor suite, with views from the living room, the bedroom quietly set in the back, kitchen and hallway -- all for less money than a small double at other nearby hotels. A great spacious choice for families. I requested and was given a high floor, which is quieter (Pennsylvania avenue is directly below and noisy if you are in the front - -other quiet choices means no view) Founding Farmers restaurant is across the street -- well liked and fun farm to table, you must reserve for dinner. 
128056409	 The Hotel Lombardy exceeded our expectations -- our suite was well appointed, cozy and comfortable. The location is excellent but because it's in the financial district, many nearby restaurants are closed on weekends. The restaurant is pricey for breakfast but the food is excellent and well presented, and it's the best choice in the immediate area. There are some nearby nightclubs that are rather loud at night -- the downside of being in the heart of a major city -- but the front desk staff assured us the music would stop at midnight, and it did. 
183907935	 One of our daughters went to George Washington U, and we spent 4 yrs visiting her in D.C. We just visited our now-graduated daughter, who's living in D.C., and we returned to the Lombardy. There are several hotels in close proximity to GW's campus, and our favorite was Hotel Lombardy. Conveniently located on I Street &amp; Pennsylvania Avenues, all of Foggy Bottom is accessible on foot from here, and Georgetown is also within walking distance. The hotel offers 10 small floors of rooms, some with mini-kitchens. The basic rooms are fine, but we usually upgrade a notch. The bathrooms are old (read that: small) but the showerheads are modern and water pressure is good. Beds are comfortable, wireless internet is complimentary and the front desk staff is helpful. The lounge is a pleasant place for an afternoon/early evening drink, and my wife loves the breakfast offerings in the dining room. I recommend Hotel Lombardy if you are staying in Foggy Bottom. 
183834741	 This boutique hotel has lots of character and friendly staff. The location is convenient to the metro--my favourite place to stay in DC. Room service from the excellent café Lombardy is a nice option for a tired road warrior. Upgraded on my last stay to a Parkview Suite--very nice room with a sitting area and kitchen. 
183747867	 The hotel was in a perfect location for my needs and walking distance to my clients, restaurants and shops. The staff was warm and welcoming and made you feel as if you count. The room was spacious and well-appointed. Wireless worked beautifully. Bathroom was spotless. A word of advice, if you use a CPAP machine or need an outlet near the bed, there isn't an available one so bring an extension cord. <br/><br/>Try their restaurant for meals. It's very reasonable and the food beautifully prepared. I would definitely go back 
183680826	 This is a lovely little hotel situated in the heart of DC. It is small and charming, clean and comfortable. The rooms are a good size and the beds are very comfortable. I have stayed here twice in the past few years and both rooms I have stayed in have had a small sitting area and kitchenette (with sink, coffee pot, and refrigerator). The rooms are well appointed and traditional.The bathrooms are clean, hot water and pressure are excellent. The staff is friendly and accommodating. Best of all is the location. It is about 3 blocks from Foggy Bottom Metro so we just take the metro from the airport and walk the 3 blocks to the hotel. My daughter attends George Washington University so for a visit to the university the location is perfect. It is also close enough to walk to the Mall and all of the monuments and museums as well as The White House. We ate breakfast one rainy morning in the hotel and although it was adequate, I didn't find it delicious,but overpriced. I was, however, glad that it was available since it was pouring rain. The other mornings we headed out to one of the many coffee shops in the area. We stopped by the bar one evening which was lively and fun and warm. 
183582747	 Most restaurants in hotels are not great. The one here is excellent. The food is very good. Muhammad <br/><br/>is excellent and knowledgeable and genuinely interested in his customers. I highly recommend this restaurant and the hotel. The hotel is quaint and historical and cool. The restaurant really makes it great. 
183571185	 Stayed at the Lombardy for 4 nights at the end of a two week trip exploring the east coast. It was a great place to relax and our room was beautifully appointed with tonnes of cupboard space and a large, bright en suite bathroom.<br/><br/>The bed and pillows were wonderfully comfortable and no noise heard from the neighboring rooms. Nice bathroom products and complementary water and newspaper service daily.<br/><br/>We used the city bike station close to the hotel which was a great way to visit the city. Valet parking is expensive but this is valid for all Washington Hotels and hardly avoidable. There are also cheaper 24 hour park-houses available in the area within walking distance.<br/><br/>The staff were wonderfully helpful and friendly especially the doormen as mentioned in several reviews. A Starbucks just down the street was a great thing on the second morning they already remembered my name and my order!<br/><br/>We didn't eat at the hotel at all as we were on the tourist track most of the time and ate along the way but we were always happy to get back &quot;home&quot; to rest up and appreciate room. It was <br/>spotlessly clean, bright, great light fittings and sleep quality was excellent.<br/><br/>Highly recommend this hotel and would stay there again without hesitation 
210724843	 We stayed here for 4 nights - had a lovely room - it was very clean and well laid out. The hotel is well located for all of the Washington DC sights. Only a short walk to The White House. There are some nice restaurants in the area too. The staff were very helpful and polite. The bar has a happy hour during the week and was a very nice place to grab a beer and rest our tired feet.!! All in all a lovely place to stay and I am sure we will be back. 
210666375	 Stayed at the Lombardy some time ago on business. For the rate, the room although small was very nicely appointed and the staff were extremely attentive and more than happy to help with any matter. The restaurant was superb and staff again were very friendly and welcoming. The location is perfect for anyone visiting GWU or Georgetown University, or just sightseeing in DC. This would definitely be my hotel of choice when I visit DC in the future. 
210547609	 Don't believe those bad reviews!! I Stayed at the Hotel Lombardy this past weekend for one night with my daughter. We had a 2, double bed room. We spent quite a while on Tripadvisor reviewing hotels and had a few concerns based on some poor reviews. Our experience couldn't have been more different! This is a hotel with character. The entry way is small but inviting. The room was a good size, with a small, separate dressing area, nice size bathroom and desk. It was appointed beautifully; so different than the &quot;standard&quot; hotel room. I often stay at Hampton's and always find them very pleasant; this hotel has a &quot;small, personal&quot; hotel feel that the large chains just can't match.<br/><br/>It is located downtown but there is a very pleasant small park across the street. There is a &quot;Paul's&quot; French bakery 1 block away and a few other restaurants in the area. The Circulator bus stops across the street and the Metro is 4 blocks away. We had no difficulty getting around. <br/><br/>There were several comments about poor service. Again, our experience couldn't have been more different. We had trouble with our room key and went to the desk for assistance. After a minute, the desk clerk said &quot;Let me come up to your room and help&quot;, rather than asking us to wait while she called for someone else. <br/><br/>Oh ... and we made the reservation a few days before we went and the room was $125. plus tax - a remarkable rate for DC! The king room was going for $98! <br/><br/>It is possible that the King room is smaller and, OK, one elevator is small - however, there are TWO elevators and the other is reasonable sized. I would absoutely stay there again anytime! 
210497961	 We enjoyed the location and enjoyed dinners at the restaurant with Mohammed as an awesome head waiter! Rooms were always cleaned very well and fresh water delivered each evening was appreciated. Good spot not too far from White House, and all the museums and monuments and memorials. 
210222456	 We put up at this fabulous hotel for 1 night stay in early September last year before flying off from Dulles Airport the next day. To our great surprise when we arrived at the doorstep of the hotel, the doorman was so cheerful, amiable, pleasant and very helpful that we felt so welcomed. After we had checked in, we were shown to our room. Fortunately, for quite a relatively small hotel, there was an elevator to service all the floors. It was quite a relief for all of us since we had to quite a number of heavy luggages. Furthermore, although it looked really ordinary and relatively modest on the exterior but the rooms were really luxurious and spacious; at the same time the rooms had a homely and cozy ambience with a walk in wardrobe and kitchenette with a small table and some chairs. (although you couldn't cook anything here except to boil water to make beverages. <br/>Hotel Lombardy is really in a strategic location;- within walking distance of the underground trains, supermarket, shops, restaurants, bistros, the Presidential White House and Museums. The staff were very friendly too. I wished I could have stayed at this hotel for 1 more night because I could spend only a short while visiting the White House and Museums. In fact, it was like a whirlwind visit. There was not much time for me to really explore those places <br/>If ever, I should visit Washington DC again with my family in the near future, I would definetely put up at this fantastic hotel. 
210057832	 Liked the hotel, great location with a nice little cocktail lounge on the property. We were able to walk to the mall and the White House from the hotel. Such a convenience! Room was comfortable Nd hotel staff pleasant and helpful. 
145336744	 Great old building with modern bathrooms. Loved the woodwork and tapestry curtains. Walking distance to Vietnam Memorial, the White House and the Botanical Garden (longer walk, we took a cab back). The door men were very helpful with parking information. There was a sweet little park across from the hotel. There were many excellent restaurants in walking distance too. 
145336229	 I had only booked a standard room but we were given a lovely room on the 10th floor - there was 2 large very comfy beds, a large kitchen area and a dressing area. We were at the back of the hotel - with no view - but I was given a much better room than I'd paid for!<br/><br/>We had a great sleep!<br/><br/>I think this is a really nice hotel - with nice staff. There's also a nice little bar area<br/>There is a restaurant but we didn't use it - there's always someone on the front door to greet you<br/><br/>It's in a good area - only a couple of blocks from the Whitehouse<br/><br/>There is plenty of bars, restaurants and coffee shops nearby<br/><br/>I would stay here again 
145045835	 Using TripAdvisor, we tried to find a hotel in D.C. that was well-located, but not too expensive. Since there really isn't an &quot;off season&quot; in D.C., there really weren't any great deals on hotels. Hotel Lombardy was the best of the bunch we compared.<br/><br/>The hotel is located a mere 15 minutes from Ronald Reagan National Airport (45 or so from Dulles), so we took a shuttle ($45 for a round trip; they schedule your return trip based on your flight time) to the hotel. You could take the Metro, since there are two stops near the hotel (Foggy Bottom and Farragut West are both in easy walking distance). After a short shuttle ride we arrived.<br/><br/>The building in a nice old building, located in the Foggy Bottom district, right next to James Monroe's old house. Foggy Bottom is more of a business district, so it's busy when you would expect people going to work and nearly empty (except for a few local hangouts) on the weekend. The location, while not directly next to anything spectacular (except for a few good restaurants, including Founding Farmers and Bobby's Burger Palace), is close to two Metro stations and a short walk to a good amount of the monuments, including the White House. For the most part, you'll want to take the Metro wherever you want to go. Taxis are also easy to get, since you're in the business district. Lastly, there's a BikeShare (rental bikes) station near the hotel; I guess you can rent bikes and return them at stations throughout the city. Seems like a nice way to get around if the weather's nice. Oh yeah, there's also a CVS around the corner, which is nice if there's anything you've forgotten, or if you need something for your camera...word of warning, they close early on the weekends since it's the business district.<br/><br/>The hotel is what you would expect of a medium-high end hotel. The lobby is small, but classy, and there's a small restaurant and bar on the premises. My wife and I didn't take advantage of either of these, since there were so many other options available and we were constantly on the go. Oddly, there was no business center, but the front desk clerk said we could print our boarding passes at the front desk. We didn't have a car, so I don't know what the parking situation or cost is. <br/><br/>Our room was on the sixth floor of eleven (I think), which meant less noise (except from the street, which I think would've been audible even on the top floor, but nothing so bad that we couldn't sleep). The room was large enough for two people, but I don't know if a family, even with one child, would've been comfortable. There was enough space to get around for two of us, but not much to spare (for example, I don't know if a cot would've fit). The room consisted of a main area with bed, dresser, two side tables and desk; a kitchenette with table for two, sink, fridge, coffee pot, and a few drawers; a makeup table area where the closet was located; and the bathroom, with the sink, toilet, and tub/shower. The bed was large and relatively comfortable, the television (despite the fact that we didn't watch it much) was a nice-sized flat screen, and the kitchenette was a nice touch, but there were a few minor negatives. Our view stunk (it was of the building next door), the carpet looked a bit dated, one of our lamps had a loose bulb socket and kept blinking on and off, one of the handles on the dresser came off in my hand, and the water pressure in the bathroom was little more than a dribble (which is becoming commonplace in hotels...I hate those &quot;rainshower&quot; shower heads). These, however, were relatively minor and were little more than speedbumps during an otherwise great stay. We also had a $4.00 charge on our bill for a mini-bar item we didn't use...we should've had them remove everything from the fridge (which they will do if requested). We had the charge removed at the front desk.<br/><br/>Overall, the stay was very good. It was a nice hotel that had an old timey D.C. feel, which is what I was hoping for during my stay. I imagine I could've stayed at a chain hotel and saved a few bucks, but the ambiance and the convenience of the location were worth the extra money. I would recommend this hotel to any couple that is travelling to D.C. to see the sights. 
145020204	 This is a quaint property walking distance from Georgetown and Metro stops. It's near GW University so there are ample food outlets, bars , etc. It was a very safe area from what we could tell. We had a room in the back of the hotel so it was quiet on the weekend. We did not spend much time in the room so a view was not important. On Monday morning there was a garbage pickup that did wake us earlier than planned but no big deal. THe rooms are old school but it was a nice change from the cookie cutter chain hotels. The bathroom appeared to be recently remodeled. The room had a Casablanca fan over the bed - you normally do not see this in hotels - but it provided some extra ventilation. We did not use the restaurant. We did sit in the bar one night. It was quiet but that was what we were looking for after a day of running around DC.<br/><br/>There is a Whole Foods about a block from the hotel. This is a good location to get prepared foods. It's on the way to the Metro so it is also a good stop in the morning before sightseeing. 
144856977	 We stayed here because it was close to our daughter at GW. They upgraded our room to a suite which was great, 2 rooms etc... The hotel is an older building which has nice character but does not feel old- meaning it is clean, fresh and nicely detailed with updated furnishings. Towels and bedding are really nice. The staff is super friendly and we loved the breakfast at the cafe. This is the best hotel close to the Foggy Bottom that we have stayed at. We will be back. 
144810798	 We found the hotel location perfect, not only for access to the metro &amp; a managable walking distance to many of our desired sites, but to nice restaurants, convenience, grocery &amp; drug stores. We felt safe in the area as well as in the hotel. We had a Parkview suite, a great, well-appointed choice, at a great price with ample space for 3. The only missing convenience we did not find but would have appreciated was a microwave. The staff was receptive to needs, addressing an issue with our shower as soon as we requested. Housekeeping &amp; Maintenance were responsive and efficient. The doormen, bellmen and front desk staff were very helpful, making us feel more like family than guests. This was my second stay here and it was nice to see that the same level of service I had experienced previously was still evident. It was my traveling companions first visit and they were equally impressed. None of us would hesitate to stay here again. 
137863761	 I had a wonderful week in DC, and part of merit goes to Lombardy. Everything was perfect till the last day, when I was asked if I wanted a cab arranged to take me to the airport. That was a bad idea and the guy that arranged it, simply was not to the Lombardy standard and he was acting like he was the main &quot;door-man&quot;. What a shame to see a scene like that for a dollar tip!!!<br/><br/>But overall, it was a wonderful stay! 
137833423	 This hotel has the old charm of a historic hotel. It's lobby is negligible, but the people at the front desk were all helpful and polite. I asked for a room away from the elevators and vending machines and she warned me that it would be smaller. Despite that, the room was comfortable with free wifi and it looked onto an office building, which I did not mind because it had natural light. The room was clean and the bathroom was updated. All the amenities were available with king sized bed (comfortable), desk and adjustable chair, coffee maker, and bathrobe. It was very quiet on the 10th floor and I enjoyed being able to go outside the door for a short walk to the metro station at Farragut West and the White House. There were many restaurants next door and George Washington University was right across the street. I would recommend this highly. The price of the room was moderate as compared to other rooms offered in the area. 
137830395	 My husband and I had a wonderful experience staying at this hotel. Not only was the location great (4 blocks from the white house), but the room was gorgeous and the staff friendly. We received a Washington post every morning, they came later in the day to clean the room which was nice so we could sleep, they immediately brought a razor up when I forgot mine and they allowed us a late checkout for free s we could do a capital tour. The air conditioning was refreshing in the rooms and it was very quiet. We will definetly stay here again when we go back! 
137622073	 We spent one might at the Hotel Lombardy for a &quot;baby moon&quot; a month before our 2nd child was born. I was impressed from the moment we spotted it as we walked up from the Foggy Bottom metro station (only a couple blocks away). The exterior was clean and neat, the lobby was tastefully decorated and we were greeted by an employee who directed us to reception for check-in. Our reservation was all in order and we were on the way to our room on the 10th floor within less than 5 minutes of our arrival. And THEN...we saw our room! I was blown away that we had such amazing accommodations for the low priced we paid! Everything was perfectly clean and the rooms have a ton of appeal. It's not a fancy new modern hotel, but rather like staying in a historic home. Our &quot;room&quot; included an entry hallway, living room, kitchenette, bathroom, bedroom, and large walk-in closet. And we only paid $109 for a Saturday night stay! We can't wait to return with the kids and take advantage of the close proximity to the museums and other attractions that are within easy walking distance. 
137592830	 Stayed for just one night but wish it could have been longer. We were six women in three double rooms. Our accommodations were excellent. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable and efficient. The cafe food was very good and again great staff. Every area of the hotel was pristine. Close to the White House and other attractions. A variety of eating establishment in walking distance. My previous stays were in larger chain hotels but whenever I return it will be to the Lombardy! 
137506230	 We had a lovely stay in the elegant Hotel Lombardy. The hotel is beautiful - from the ornate doors to the long hallways and shutters on the room doors. The rooms are plush and our's had a little kitchenette also. The hotel is centrally located in Foggy Bottom and about 5 blocks away from the White House. It is between two subway stations (about a ten minute walk in each direction). We did not spend loads of time in the room as there are so much to see in DC but the free internet was a nice little bonus. Beware of the minibar - it's very expensive. The doorman and reception staff were very friendly and helpful (they gave us green apples for the road when we checked out :-). Good, pretty affordable valet parking is provided. There are many restaurants in the area. This is our fourth trip to Washington, DC and we always stay at different hotels. I think we might just go back to the Hotel Lombardy next time though... 
162707413	 I stayed three nights over Memorial Day weekend, and reccomend this hotel to others. The staff was gnial, offered me a room upgrade at checkin. The room was on a calm upper floor and was a small suite. The bed and furnishing were very comfortable. It is an older hotel, but in excellent condition; its age offers it charm and character.<br/>The location is excellent, opposite a little park in the Gold Triangle area. It's 150m to Farragut West Metro and 250m to Foggy Bottom metro, both on the Blue line, which connects directly to both Reagan national and Smithsonian. It is also just steps to the Circulator bus which runs to Georgetown and Union Station. It is very easy to get to and then around.<br/>I had a couple of really good meals - El Chalon Peruvian is across the street with excellent ceviche, and La Perla, is a fine Zagat-listed white tablecloth Italian a very few blocks away.<br/>I found this hotel to be a screaming bargain for DC. It was so nice, and priced very well. I'll be back! 
162474328	 After a terrible beginning to vacation and a horrible experience at Hotel Rouge, we scoured the internet for a decent hotel on Memorial Day Weekend. After a few calls Hotel Lombardy had a room available for the 5 nights we were staying at a cheaper cost of the other hotel. We packed all our luggage back into a cab and when we got to Lombardy there was friendly door staff who took our luggage and brought it to our room. The front desk was courteous and had us checked in within 5 minutes. The building is old, but tastefully restored and very clean. Our room was on the 10th floor and we were given a mini-suite. It had 2 Queens, a sitting room and a spacious kitchenette with a table and chairs and was spotless. Beds were incredibly comfortable. ONLY complaint was the bathroom door did not shut tight and there was no lock. Each day the doorman would see us coming down the street and would be ready to open the door for us. The bar was great and the Cafe breakfast was yummy! Free Wi-Fi that works! Located in Foggy Bottom, a five minute walk to the metro (if that). Checkout took less time than check in and the doorman had a cab for us in less than a minute. We found a gem in an unexpected stay. Can't recommend them enough! 
162356391	 This was a great location (2019 Pennsylvania, NW) for touring DC without a car. Older hotel - 1929, I think. It was more than we usually pay for a hotel but well worth it. Nice clean rooms. Wi-fi was fine. 3 blocks from the Foggy Bottom Metro and Washington Square. About 7-8 blocks from White House, Lafayette Square, Renwick Gallery. Bus service right outside the hotel. We only took a cab once in 4 days.<br/>A Whole Foods nearby. Neighborhood is the George Washington University/ Hospital area and the World Bank<br/>Staff was very helpful. Cute little bar and restaurant on premises. I would stay there again on my next trip to DC. 
162309864	 I don't usually give &quot;excellent&quot; reviews, but in this case it was deserved. For value for money, it is excellent. The staff were excellent, especially the doormen who were terrifically polite and helpful without giving out vibes that they were angling for tips. When I did give tips, I felt they were deserved. The room was very stylish with mixed modern and antique (authentic) decor. The location is excellent and in walking distance to all the major sights. Definitely, we will stay here, again! 
162050528	 We were looking for an affordable hotel with a touch of class in Washington, DC and this place more Han lived up to its advance billing. Don't hesitate to stay here. Just 3 blocks from the White House and three blocks from Georgetown this is a great place to stay. We arrived a little early and they gave us an upgrade on the room with no extra charge. Valet parking with easy in and out. Clean, neat and spacious rooms. 
161832032	 The hotel had it's charms and the location was perfect for a conference I was attending at the World Bank. However, the hotel is not ideal for business as the Wi-Fi was very slow (too slow for my work computer to log-on to the network) and the rooms and hallways are very noisy. The AC units are very noisy when they shut off periodically, the floorboards above my room were creaking constantly as someone walked around upstairs, and the sound of the outer hotel room doors slamming in the hallways was constant. Maybe the hotel is better for vacationers that don't need great sleep and fast Wi-Fi, but I'd go elsewhere for business. 
48684820	 This hotel is close to the subway, in a nice neighborhood and you can walk to the sight=seeing spots if you want. It is a friendly, older hotel with lots of charm and ambience. We really enjoyed staying here. Such a nice change from the modernistic chains. They even have an elevator operator - yes! a person and they were all so friendly and obliging. We felt like we were coming home. 
47197114	 From the moment we exited the cab, Hotel Lombardy and its staff made us feel like we were at home. The hotel has the final remaining manually operated elevators, complete with operator that whisks you to our floor. The room was spacious and well appointed with big fluffy duvets in the beds and a kitchenette and sitting room in every suite.<br/><br/>The hotel had once been an apartment house, so it feels more like a residence than a hotel and that adds to the charm. Modern fixtures including rainfall shower heads and flat screen TVs give the accommodations enough luxury for most people and for us it was a perfect combination.<br/><br/>Close to the National Mall, and next to both Pepperdine and George Washington University, it is just a block off K Street on Pennsylvania Ave. Great for tourists or business. 
47055165	 PROS<br/>Rooms were very nice and boutique style was perfect.<br/>Location to visit the National Mall and surrounding area was great.<br/>Kitchenette in Rm 903 with decent refrigerator (just bigger than your average minibar) was very convenient.<br/>Desk with free wired internet (slow, but OK, free)<br/><br/>CONS<br/>There is no safe box in the room<br/>The elevators were staffed with Bell-boys, because they were prehistoric (they said they would install a new elevator soon??)<br/>The Queen beds in Room 903 were less wide than we were used to in hotels.<br/><br/>AND FURTHER<br/>The front door staff was great. At the registration desk they were decent. Housekeeping personnel was very friendly, although not that good (they could forget a cup or forget to vacuum a room). Friendly and trustworthy is for me more important than cleaning every corner every day. The bottom line is that it was very clean anyway. 
47011966	 Hotel Lombardy was pretty decent. The manual elevator was a little awkward, but how often do you really use it anyway? Our room was missing most of the soaps and shampoos when we arrived, and we had to request them at the front desk. We stayed in a King which was large enough for us and was on a corner with a bunch of windows. I thought the double doors for each of the rooms were kind of cute. The workout room had a few treadmills, bikes, and elliptical machines with individual TV screens, but most of the TV controls had been broken. However, the location was great and the staff was good. They let us keep our bags there on the last day and pick them up before our flight in the early evening. 
46527677	 Great alternative to all-too-much-the-same modern hotels! 
46429135	 Hotel Lombardy was the hotel I chose with my two adult children (stayed in a separate room) and I feel like we had a bargin. The elevator was interesting as it is another historical monument. We made use of going down the stairs but that is our style.<br/><br/>We would have enjoyed it more if our bathroom was cleaner, but I would go back to Lombardy if our path took us back to DC. Nice restaurant and bar located on-site. 
220044277	 This hotel was exactly where I wanted to be on my last trip to DC. The first time I visited the capital I was on a budget and ended up staying out in Landover Hills, MD, which entailed an hour's worth of travel each way to get into the city, so being closer to everything was important this time around. Being only three blocks from the Metro, a couple more to the White House, and just a bit further to the Mall, this hotel was everything I wanted in terms of location.<br/><br/>You always hear about hotels in central DC being too pricey for the budget-minded traveller, but the Hotel Lombardy is a marvelous exception. As if the location wasn't enough, the room was very well-appointed and the staff was superbly attentive. The barman had my drink down pat after the first night, and made it consistently well every evening after that. <br/><br/>The only thing I would caution visitors about is the restaurant. While the service, atmosphere, and food were all very good, I felt it was a bit overpriced even for a hotel in a major city. There are many very good and much less expensive options within a few blocks, including a great little English-style pub right around the corner. The bar was a little bit pricey as well - I was paying $10 apiece for rum and cokes, if I remember correctly - but I personally didn't mind that as much. 
219706964	 We were thrilled with our experience here. They are friendly, helpful, and courteous. The room was clean and adequate size. The location is perfect! Walking distance to so much and it is a relatively quiet neighborhood. Parking is expensive. We did get a ticket so be careful. Unfortunately we never tried the restaurant but maybe next time. We will be back and i highly recommend this hotel! 
218938381	 Our 3-night stay was very comfortable overall. Our check in was quick and easy. A bellman at the door helped with our luggage up the stairs to the reception desk. Our room was ready when we arrived. they did not help us upstairs to our room with our luggage but no worries. We also didn't ask for the help. <br/><br/>Our room was pleasantly large. The king size bed was very comfortable and didn't take up the whole room. The hotel seems to have been updated in recent years and had a large , flat screen TV, nice bedding and comfortable pillows. There was also a little breakfast nook with a small mini-bar and fridge, a table with two chairs, snacks for purchase and a coffee maker. <br/><br/>in the main bedroom was another work area with a desk and chair, but the room didn't feel crowded. The bathroom and the closet area were also separated into a small corridor. The bathroom is small but there's a separate vanity outside the bathroom with a mirror. This was a nice touch and provided a little more room to spread out. The hotel provides one robe for use while your'e there, a hairdryer and a nice amount of toiletries from BAth and Body Works. <br/><br/>Location: The hotel was at 20th and I streets, just off Pennsylvania Ave. The hotel does not include breakfast in your rate but there are plenty of places nearby to grab a quick bite in the morning. It was an easy walk to Dupont Circle and all the historical attractions. However, if you don't want to walk, you can easily hail a taxi or the bellman will get one for you. It's probably about a 15 minute walk to the White House and the National Mall from the hotel.<br/><br/>Staff: The staff was so helpful and nice. We have no complaints at all. Our room was cleaned quickly and very well, towels were provided, the staff greeted us every time we came in and out or saw them in the hallway. The only suggestion I have would be to provide privacy signs to put on your door in the morning so housekeeping doesn't knock too early. <br/><br/>We did not have a car, so I'm not sure if the hotel has parking. It's also a cheap, quick ride to Reagan airport. <br/><br/>When looking for dining options, head toward Dupont Circle for outdoor dining options in and around that neighborhood. we went up near Georgetown U. and didn't find much outside except chain restaurants along the water. <br/><br/>I very much recommend this hotel. It's nice with traditional charm, and not overly expensive. 
218208649	 Our stay here was just wonderful. I did a lot of research using this site and it was very helpful. When we arrived at the hotel we were quite a bit early and our room was not ready so we were given a recommendation for a lunch spot and our luggage was stored for us. On our return from lunch we were told the room still was not ready so for our inconvenience they were upgrading us to another room which was ready. The room was street side . I was warned about the street noise by several comments but I didn't find to was a problem. I can honestly say I was not woken up once at night. The hotel staff from the door man to housekeeping were just great. The young man we met bartending in the lounge was funny and helpful. He gave us tips on the city . In fact we were so pleased with the desk staff we brought them back a treat from one of the local restaurants. I would recommend this hotel and definitely will be back. 
218060432	 When we arrived at the hotel, the front desk associate (Tishum, I believe her name was) was gracious, and gave us information on tours while our room was being inspected. Upon arrivng in our room, we found it to be very small, but serviceable. A few areas of concern did arise during our stay, one of them immediately resolved (plumbing issue with our toilet). <br/><br/>-The ceiling fan was on a dimmer switch, and made an awful buzzing noise. As I am a light sleeper, I had to keep the fan off. Not a big deal as the A/C worked flawlessly, but had there not been any A/C, it would have been a struggle.<br/><br/>-The bathroom light is also on a dimmer switch, and on occasion, would flicker even at full brightness. <br/><br/>-On the website, it states that the rooms have fully stocked minibar refrigerators. Neither my wife, nor I saw one in our room (513). It had everything else, but that. <br/><br/>-I found out on the last day of our stay the T.V. was out of commission. Not a big deal as we were leaving, but it needed to be addressed. <br/><br/>-The walls are VERY thin as I could hear housekeepers cleaning above us while we were trying to sleep. Again, this goes back to me being a light sleeper, so I was not too thrilled. <br/><br/>Upon our departure, I accidentally lost a couple of my luggage claim tickets, and asked if I could go to the luggage closet to verify my bags with the bellman. I am not sure the name of the bellman, but he was very sarcastic, and initially unwilling to allow me to verify my luggage. As we were in a hurry to get to the airport, I did NOT appreciate his sarcasm. I am in the Hospitality industry myself, and take customer service VERY seriously. I was able to collect my luggage, but I wanted to make it aware. <br/><br/>Overall, it was an average experience, but I would be hesitant to stay again upon my next trip to D.C. 
217882637	 I stayed at Hotel Lombardy for a week in July 2014. This was my second stay there, and it was again excellent. I was in DC for sightseeing.<br/><br/>The hotel is older, but in a charming way. It has character. The registration staff was excellent. I asked for a quiet room on an upper floor, and that's what they gave me. The maid service was very good. The bathroom is an older style, but clean and comfortable. The Wi-Fi is free, and it works rather well. I continue to enjoy this hotel, and I told them so as I left.<br/><br/>The only oddity was that there was a light in my closet (of all things) that had been wired to be on all the time - you could see where the switch had been removed and the wiring connected directly. I didn't want light coming out from around the closet door all night, so I found a way to loosen the bulb until it shut off. They really should put the switch back in or remove the light.<br/><br/>But nothing is perfect. The hotel is a mere three blocks from a Metro station (Farragut West) - wonderful. I'll stay again if the price is reasonable. 
165472132	 Stayed at the Hotel Lombardy for 4 days-a combination of business and mini-vacation. Overall, this is a great hotel. I can’t add much to the many positive reviews. The hotel really offers a great value- a very nice boutique hotel in a great location for a great price with a helpful and friendly staff. The positives:<br/>1. Great location- you can walk to most of the major attractions and Georgetown. If you don’t want to walk, the metro is close-by. Only a $15.00 cab ride from Reagan National.<br/>2. Rooms are fantastic-This is an old hotel, of course. But somehow, they managed to pull off a nice feat-the rooms are very nicely updated with a clean modern look and feel and yet they still have that historic charm. This is not the usual old/historic hotel with depressing and old appearing fixtures and furnishings. Combined with impeccable cleanliness, the rooms are comfortable and refreshing. We stayed in an Executive Parkview room, which I would recommend. <br/>3. The quaint Café Lombardy is a nice on-site restaurant.<br/>4. Endless number of dining options within 2-3 blocks in all price ranges and cuisine offerings.<br/>5. Free wireless!!! No, they do not charge $10-15 for wireless like all of the major upscale chain hotels.<br/><br/>Cons-very few and certainly not deal-breakers:<br/>1. Gym- They have decent but limited equipment: they have 2 nice/modern treadmills, an elliptical, a stair machine and a bike, and then a few free weights. You can get an ok light aerobic workout but no more. If you need a full-scale w.o. facility, this one won’t work but there are some local health clubs in the vicinity.<br/>2. We stayed on the top floor. At times, the hot water pressure was a little finicky but mostly manageable. <br/><br/>In summary, I highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again on a future visit to DC. 
165316800	 It is only fair to say up front that I am not objective about the Hotel Lombardy. I have been staying at the Lombardy since 1995 when a close friend took me there while in the middle of intense cancer treatment in preparation for a bone marrow transplant. I stayed in one of the old apartment type suites on that trip with the small kitchen, separate bedroom and large living room which was perfect for me and my friend to share. Some of the extraordinarily wonderful staff that cared for me during that time still work there and they are always so happy to see me when I come back to visit. I still consider the lovely Anajjar to be a close friend. He takes care of everyone coming and going on weekdays from 7 am to 3 pm. I usually stay in a suite but this time took a regular room with two beds which did also have the same kitchen area as the suite. The beds are utterly extraordinary and I can't wait to crawl in it and always hate to climb out. My smaller room had a little old fashioned skirted dressing table with upholstered bench, mirror and tall pineapple silver lamp. What fun it was to use it to get ready to go out. The restaurant is small with big windows onto the street. Breakfast is pricey but worth trying at least once. Highly recommend the French toast, my favorite. There is no ice on the floors, the two elevators are tiny (I remember when the guys with white gloves used to operate them), and the hotel would be hard to navigate for disabled guests. It is its own experience and doesn't compete with the bigger, more recognizable hotels. Its location is perfect with the Mall an easy walk, and the Kennedy Center shuttle comes right to the close-by Metro stop at Foggy Bottom/GWU. This is a registered Historic Hotel so if that is something you can appreciate, this little hotel is an absolute gem. Every time I visit, it feels like home. Would never stay anywhere else in the District. 
165179347	 Hotel was beautiful- rooms were huge. Sunday parking is free on the street until 7am Mon morning. Valet parking is $42. Whole Foods is 2 blocks away. Bikes you can rent are all over the street- saw many people using them- great to get to the monuments and Georgetown. This Hotel is really located on I STREET!! GPS will put you on PA Ave but you can't get to the hotel to unload as I STREET is a one-way street. Restaurant in hotel is pricey- Baja Fresh a block away is cheap and good. 
164988410	 As many reviewers have previously mentioned, the room was charming, clean and comfortable. Location was also first-rate, being situated right on Pennsylvania Avenue, 5 minutes from Founding Farmers (wonderful breakfasts), only a few blocks from the White House and within walking distance to most of the attractions in DC. Would have given the hotel 5 stars if not for the staff. Sure, they do answer whatever queries you have, politely, but in a manner in which you feel that they are only doing their job and nothing more. No additional information, no visitor maps etc were offered even though it was very obvious that we were out-of-towners. The housekeeping staff don't even bother to acknowledge our presence when passing us in the hallways. I would honestly say that this is the worst service i've encountered in a hotel, and I do travel quite a fair bit. The only member of staff who deserves a wonderful feedback is this elderly valet/doorman (first name starts with 'A') who was very chatty and jovial. <br/><br/>What's more, the hotel tried to charge me almost twice the room rate I booked at. When I went down to reception to clarify with a copy of my booking email, I was told that the discrepancy was due to a 'computer glitch'. Although this was resolved before I checked out, the whole incident definitely did not help to improve my impression of the Hotel Lombardy. Will definitely NOT be returning again or recommending the hotel to any of my family/friends. 
164981610	 Ideal location to access two metro stations. Easy walk to the National Mall. We arrived early the morning and was given a room within 20 minutes. Superb room on Pennsylvania Ave with kitchenette and bath. Wonderful bed for the two nights we were there. Very friendly and helpfull staff on day of arrival. Downside was having to wait for someone to attend to us when we checked out at 5am and pressed for time to catch flight. 
164925862	 Was in Washington on a business trip and wanted something nice but reasonably priced and central. The hotel fitted the bill on all accounts - very nice ambience, good room with a proper desk for work. Fast no problem wi-fi. It's not a long walk to the National Mall and the various sites and several Metro stations nearby. Breakfast good. Gym a little basic but fine. Had a good meal out at 'District Commons' a couple of blocks away. Will go back next time I'm in Washington. 
251921791	 As first timers to Washington a lot of research went into finding a good quality, central and historic hotel, and yes we found a good one here. On Pensilvania Avenue this hotel is is easy walking distance to all the main tourist attractions. The greeting of the door staff when we arrived was positive and the quaint hotel has a small reception just to the left. The receptionist was efficient if not a little cold, then straight up to our room with the help of the door man with the luggage. Room 1112 was advertised as a superior room on expedia, and was a great size with a huge bed which we found out later was really comfy and helped provide a great sleep after a long day walking the city. The bathroom had good amenities including a vanity unit and stool. Great room and a good size, it's just a shame that an office block built next door so the room view was into an office meaning the blinds had to be closed at all times. Not the hotels fault it was their first. We did not use and other of the hotels facilities, however did have an issue with the heating in the room and when we called reception an engineer was at the room within just a few minutes and checked the unit and hey presto the heater worked again, so very efficient. All in all a good, clean, well presented hotel and I would stay again. My only issue was at check out where the door man asked if we wanted a cab to which I said yes and when we checked out a black SUV with not taxi logo or meter was waiting. Quoting a fixed fee to take us to Reagan. We chose to take a metered cab and yes you guessed it this was cheaper than the fixed fee quoted. Not sure if this was a friend of the door man but when we said no he pulled up 3 cars away from the hotel, I suspect awaiting for another less educated tourist. Shame a this is probably not a practice the hotel is aware of or condones. 
251367163	 I really don't understand the rave reviews left by others. While there is nothing inherently wrong with this hotel, there is nothing superb about it, either. Perhaps we didn't have a very nice room, or we arrived on the wrong day, but I found this property to be dated (not in the charming way) and merely adequate. Everything was exceptionally average, but from the way others described it, I really had high expectations for some kind of luxurious, boutique, period hotel experience. What we did have in the small room 501 was a very hard bed with several overstuffed pillows, a bathroom from the 1980s and a broken shower nozzle. This room faced Penn Ave and as other reviewers noted, there is street noise. However, we didn't find it to be a nuisance during the hours we were actually sleeping. Pros: the location, which was close to the Foggy Bottom Metro station and Kennedy Center shuttle, the White House, the Washington Monument, Georgetown, and several excellent restaurants. The price was reasonable for the quality. Unfortunately, we didn't get to try the Venetian Room, as it was closed by 11pm on Saturday night. Overall, I don't think I would stay here again. 
251081023	 I stayed here for a business conference and enjoyed the well-appointed room, friendly staff, and super convenient location with restaurants and historic sites within easy walking distance. The price was very reasonable for its central location on Pennsylvania Avenue. 
250666071	 we stayed at the hotel Lombardy for four nights in late december. This hotel and the amazing staff, went above and beyond in all aspects of hospitality. From the time we arrived until the time we check out, the staff at hotel Lombardy took care of our every need. The location is perfect for any trip to DC, close to multiple metro stops, many great restaurants and sight seeing. The white house is only a few blocks away. Across the street from the hotel Lombardy is my favorite DC bar, the red lion is a must stop for a cold beer or stuff drink. All In all we could not be more pleased with our stay and we will definitely be back. I would like to give a special thanks to Shu and all the staff for making this trip one we will never forget. 
250570651	 I spent NYE here and was sorry to leave. The room was large and bright with elegant and uncomplicated 1920s decor. The inclusion of a dressing area and kitchenette created a grand sense of space. The staff were helpful and friendly and the bar perfect for solo or small groups. The hotel is within walking distance of the National Mall, Georgetown, two metro stations and a grocer. Excellent value for money and a very pleasant stay. 
250005024	 Brilliant central location-walked everywhere! Lovely and Clean rooms- loved the huge bed! Friendly and helpful staff. Perfect little hotel for our holiday's stay. Will definitely recommend it to everyone!!! Thank you Lombardy! Will be back! 
115102995	 Very centrally located and close to University and the World Bank. European touch and every time I feel welcomed by Ethiopian staff ! Restaurant is small but quite good for standard food. I have no complaints to stay for business. Down side is that there are many rooms at the same price but different size. If you stay few times, they will remeber your face and allow you to see the room before settling in as far as options are available. Also, the time of major conference of the World Bank, which is to me unpredictable, the price is much increased. Be careful. 
114741868	 Gorgeous room, great location, F- for Accessibility. I wrote a letter. To enter and exit the building you have to go through a back alley, and the hotel laundry facilities. They also do not have any rooms with accessibility features. Will not return, am warning my friends... 
114719566	 We were at the Lombardy for three nights. We loved it. Clean, spacious room, cozy bed and mattress. We were on a side with no view, but that was fine. I had business and my wife was touring about. Room service was great, the bar and restaurant excellent. Really loved the ambiance and decor. Quite a find, we plan to be back (great location, too). 
113879863	 Dear Mr. Heffron,<br/><br/>My husband I stayed at the Lombardy Hotel in Washington DC on May 7 to May 8th 2011. It was our son's graduation from college and we wanted this weekend to be a special and memorable one.<br/>We were really pleased with the hotel itself, the service and the location, and started to share about our &quot;great find&quot; with our friends who stayed at the Marriott hotel a few blocks away.<br/>Our experience staying at Lombardy was great, till I saw a $19.80 charge on my credit card a few days later. When I called to the hotel to clarify what the charge was for, they said that it is for a mini bar usage. My husband and I never used the mini bar, we even left one of the complimentary water bottles in the mini bar's refrigerator. Billing said that they will clarify and get back to me, which they never did, and when I followed up with a call week later, that's when it really started to get weird and totally unprofessional. When I asked the front desk to connect me with the supervisor, they put on one of the staffers, who, with spanish accent, said that I have reached a pizza restaurant. When I hanged up and called again on Lombardy's number, the same fellow picked up and claimed that I have reached a pizza restaurant.<br/>In spite of me trying to get some clarification to the matter, I have not heard back from the Lombardy's billing person and my account is still charged $19.80 for the mini bar we never used. Furthermore, the Lombardy's staff playing phone games like this and trying to &quot;get rid&quot; of customers like us, is really disappointing. I hope that you, as a manager of Lombardy, can look into this matter, credit my account for $19.80 and inform your staff to treat your customers properly.<br/><br/>Thank you,<br/>Kersti Mack<br/><br/>The reservation and credit card charged are under my name, Kersti Mack.<br/>Our stay at Lombardy was on May 7th and 8th 2011 
113857550	 My husband and I recently stayed here on a short visit to the DC area. We loved the hotel and it's charm; the bed was super comfy and the entire room was very spacious. Had breakfast downstairs in the cafe which was the perfect beginning to our day. The one thing I would have liked to have seen in the room was a refrigerator; it was very hot while we were there and would have liked to keep some water cold. Other than that we loved the location, the staff and the overall feel of this hotel. 
113710873	 I’m a DC native who no longer lives in the area, but I had the luxury of visiting and staying in this friendly, low-key hotel for one night while conducting business and visiting the National Gallery of Art. The location is perfect for downtown sights and accessible to so many neighborhoods by foot. The hotel itself is charming, inviting and simple with an emphasis on retaining its historic features. The rooms are lovely in a non-slick-boutique-hotel way, and the staff was super friendly. We were upgraded to a suite, which was really wonderful. We wished we could have stayed longer. Personalized service is definitely a priority. Exceptional value. 
161109927	 We spent only 2 nights here and really wish we had longer! The hotel is lovely, rooms are very clean and lots of natural light during the day. Every staff member we came across were polite and happy to help us with what ever we needed. The hotel is within walking distance pretty much everything you want to see. The only downside, for us at least, there was not a mini fridge in the room, we are traveling for 4 weeks so a fridge would of been a nice comfort for us, juice and water etc. If we are able to make another trip to the USA we would come back to Washington DC and stay here again.. 2 nights just isn't enough! 
161072810	 What a disappointing stay. After reading decent reviews we booked a suite here for our overnight trip in DC. The hotel entrance is beautiful - old world charms. Doorman and bell boy were also great but it stopped there.<br/><br/>Poor reception service<br/>Friaz? I can't recall her name but she was so stuckup it was actually rude - and the way she called for the bell ball was downright embarrassing. She also managed to get my surname wrong which I corrected at check in but the mistake was repeated at checkout. I noticed that I am not the first one to review the cold reception service.<br/><br/>The Suite<br/>The suite itself was very big and the location fantastic - we walked or cabbed for under $10 everywhere and we had a lovely view facing Pennsylvania Avenue. The rooms were very dark and the bathroom tired and the shower barely managed to drip water - whilst I support eco-friendly showers, these showers had so little pressure I couldn't wash all of the shampoo out of my hair. But on the upside, they do stock nice toiletries from Bed &amp; Bath.<br/><br/>The Bedroom<br/>The big walk in closet did not have a mirror and the bed sheets were covered with hundreds of lint balls, which made for an uncomfortable sleep. This is actually the first time that I have encountered such bad quality sheets in a hotel bed. Overnight airport hotels have better sheets and being a thread count fan, this was possibly the most disappointing part of my stay here especially reading other positive reviews on the linen quality...Perhaps I just drew the short straw? The king bed was well pillowed with high lumpy pillows - with 6 pillows on the bed, you would think that there could be some low pillows... Overall it was an uncomfortable night and the hard bed didn't help.<br/><br/>This was a regretful stay and there are much better hotels in DC. 
160772766	 Picked this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews and we weren't disappointed. great location we could walk to the sights and the metro, the staff were very welcolming and very helpful. The hotel is quite fascinating inside much more interesting than the usual city centre chain hotel and our room was very quiet and the bathroom was enormous! Wouldn't hesitate to stay here again for buisness or pleasure. 
160740561	 While I share the comments in other reviews of this hotel as regards to atmosphere or location, I stayed in room 1114 to the back of the building and had noise from large air condition units outside the building all night. At almost USD 300 per night the noise issue should really be addressed. 
160619938	 This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel and just love it. The staff is very helpful and friendly. The hotel is very cozy and inviting. The location is terrific: a couple of blocks from the Metro line and only a couple of stops from the top attractions. We walked to all the main monuments the first day. Although, there are a number of great restaurants within a block or two from the hotel, you'll want to eat at least one meal at the hotel cafe. It is surprisingly worth it! 
160572557	 We stayed two nights over the weekend and we not disappointed. We received a great rate for a DC hotel. Good thing to remember when booking hotels in DC, there is always a weekend when not much is going on and if there is then the hotels further from the event will be cheaper. It is helpful to be flexible when visiting DC. This hotel is pretty convenient. It pays to like to walk in DC. Although near the orange and blue metro -- on weekends the metro schedule is varies a lot so leave extra time. Our room was just like what others have written about. We like the ceiling fan -- always helpful in keeping the room cool. We tend not to pick hotels based on the view, cause we don't spend a lot of time in our room. Everything about the hotel is really good and we would stay there again. We did not eat at the restaurant so I can't say anything about that. 
249403313	 This was a lovely hotel, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. The room was large, bright and clean. The bathroom was well services and the heating worked well and was quiet, given the snow outside this was appreciated. The staff were helpful, nothing was too much trouble. The location was easy walking distance to train station, hop on hop off bus loops and attractions. There are plenty of restaurants and takeaway businesses in the area. Free wifi was fast and appreciated. 
249320249	 This is a lovely boutique hotel with very comfortable rooms with a lot of charm. It feels like staying in someone's high end well maintained classy apartment. The location is excellent. The metro is a 5 minute walk and the dc circulator bus is just across the street. The room had a refrigerator and they provided a robe. The shower pressure is excellent. The light switches have dimmers which is a very nice touch. The staff are excellent. Had breakfast twice which was fine but pricey. Tip is included in the bill. I have only one concern about this hotel and it had to do with noise. Many reviews recommended staying in the back of the hotel not on the Pennsylvania ave side. When I got there I asked for a quiet room away from street noise and the elevators. They obliged by giving me a room on the 9th floor facing the back at the end of the hall. The room was very quiet except on 2 out of the three mornings I was there I was woken at 5 or 6 in the morning by a loud racket. It was either garbage pickup or trucks at a loading dock. Other than this the Lombardy was a wonderful place to stay. They allowed me a late checkout which was very nice 
249033657	 The Hotel Lombardy has a lot of charm and is very comfortable. I had a very large room with a separate area for a small kitchenette (small table and 2 chairs, wetbar, coffee pot, and minifridge) and a small vanity outside the bathroom. Everyone on staff with whom I interacted was friendly and very service oriented. Located very close to George Washington University and the K Street corridor and within blocks from a couple different metro stops (Orange/Blue or Red lines). 
249026708	 We stayed at the Lombardy for 5 nights from 7th January till 11th January during a very quiet period. The hotel is located on Pennsylvania Avenue and the closest stations to it are Farragut North and West which is approximately a 5 minute walk. Below are the experiences we found during our stay. We booked our hotel through Expedia and paid $871AUD for the 5 nights. As with all hotel stays, I email them prior to arrival to confirm our arrival but this time I also mentioned to them that we were on our honeymoon and no receipt or acknowledgement was made of the email which was a little disappointing. <br/><br/>Location: As previously mentioned, the hotel is close to a couple of subway stations.The walk to get to the closest station, Farragut West was less than 5 minutes so that was an advantage. A disadvantage however was that a part from that, there wasn't really anything exciting or worth visiting in the area. It took us 15 minutes to walk to the White House and to see all the museums we had to take the metro. Overall, if you're wanting a quiet and safe location near business districts then this would be fine. Although there is nothing overly wrong with the location of Lombardy, I would probably search for somewhere closer to the main attractions next time. Close by to the hotel was Baja Fresh (Mexican), Chalins (Chinese restaurant) and a Subway a couple of blocks away. Other than that, it was pretty quiet. <br/><br/>Room: The room that we were given were slightly on the small size but enough for two people during a short stay. The bed was large however the mattress was on the harder side. Plenty of pillows and towels were replenished daily. Hot water was plentiful which provided for longer hot showers and water pressure was very good which I found lacking in some hotels. At night, heater made a noticeable humming noise when it would turn on during the night which woke me a couple of times but if you're heavy sleeper you should be fine. Housekeeping ensured that the room was neat and tidy which is a good effort to them. There were plenty of bathroom amenities, a coffee maker and a small bar fridge. Once again items in the bar fridge were overpriced so we didn't consume any. The décor of the room is on the historic side with dressers, dressing tables and mirrors added to reinforce the period décor. Although I was aware of this before I booked the hotel, I find that I much prefer a more modern and minimalistic approach. I also found the room to be a little on the dark side and needed 3 (which was all of them) of the large lamps turned on in order to receive sufficient light. <br/><br/>Service: Unfortunately there isn't much I can say on service in that they didn't really leave a lasting impression. Check in was efficient and professional. Housekeeping did their job well. At around 7pm at night, the housekeeper would knock on the door and offer us two bottles of free water but we did not receive any on the last night for some reason. Although there was nothing wrong with the service, it did not really leave a lasting impression. Not bad but not great either. I find it strange that upon check out, more front desk don't ask their customers how their stay was. Upon check out it was simply 'Okay, you guys are good to go'. This could be approached so much better by businesses within the hotel industry. <br/><br/>Overall, unless there were better options elsewhere, I would stay here again. I guess the overall word that I would use to describe Lombardy is 'bland'. Adequate and does it's job in terms of providing a warm room and a comfortable place to sleep but nothing special or unique that would make the stay memorable. What would make me look elsewhere is the location as I'd probably like to be closer to the monuments or somewhere more lively. We got hungry late one night at 9pm and went for a walk and pretty much everything with a 2 block radius was closed so the area was definitely VERY quiet. <br/><br/>I would recommend this hotel if you're on business as the WI-FI was free and strong or if you're not planning to spend too much time in the room. A good side to the hotel was that we were on the 3rd floor so the lifts were always fast and available. 
248490311	 Intimate dining. Great service. Convient location close to metro and other restaurants. Manager very helpful<br/>Had my Thanksgiving meal there and the soup,turkey and dessert was delicious. And no clean up! 
248182498	 The hotel was in a prime location, situated between the trendy and exciting Georgetown while still just a stones throw in the opposing direction to memorial park, the White House and from there a host of museums and attractions are nearby. <br/><br/>The room was fantastic. Brilliant sized and comfy bed, room for a desk and large dresser that TV was upon. The en suite was of a great size also. Both allowed for two people to get ready at the same time without feeling like were ever in each other's way. The rooms decor was very 1920's prohibition-esque which added character. <br/><br/>The door staff at the front were always happy to help and welcoming whenever coming to and from. The checking in and checking out was very efficient and was never at the front desk for more than 5 minutes. <br/><br/>My only criticism came when one of the days we decided to use the room service option for breakfast. The food arrived at the room within about 15-20 minutes and was still piping hot which was great to see. However, the food was nothing stand out. Quite playing and not the best quantity or selection on menu. I would not let this deter you from staying at this hotel as there is a lot of selection in nearby restaurants that do great breakfasts and the main aspects of the hotel were a lot higher than expected. <br/><br/>For the price paid, the hotel was more than we expected and would happily recommend to anyone travelling the D.C. 
160316082	 <br/>I recently spent one night here after the hotel I usually stayed at was fully booked, chose this hotel based on TA reviews and the price quoted.<br/><br/>Location is perfect for visiting organisations such as the World Bank or IMF, the hotel is also just opposite a park and is surrounded by restaurants and coffee shops, major tourist attractions are all a short walk away.<br/><br/>Service was good, I was upgraded to a park view suite which was huge! The hotel restaurant serves great food which also represents good value for money, wifi is fast and free throughout the hotel.<br/><br/>My only negative is that the check-in lady didn't look at me once throughout the process of checking in, weird and a bit rude!<br/><br/>Will definitely stay here again.<br/> 
160288722	 Hotel Lombardy is a cute little boutique hotel with the perfect location for touring DC. It's in the Foggy Bottom area which is walking distance to Georgetown and also down the street from the White House, about 15 min walk to the &quot;Mall&quot; and museums and 5 min to Whole Foods! <br/><br/>Staff and bell boys were friendly and the room we stayed in was like a little apartment. It was an &quot;04&quot; room which I was told is a suite (we were upgraded upon arrival). It had a long hallway, to the right a bathroom and bedroom with walk in closet and to the left another living room with a tv, couch, desk and behind there a big kitchenette. We couldn't have been more pleased with our stay and would definitely stay here again and recommend to others visiting DC.<br/><br/>Just be aware that the elevator is VERY small so if you get uncomfortable in small areas, get a lower floor and take the stairs. :) Don't let that steer you away from this great hotel. 
160014406	 The Hotel Lombardy is a charming vintage hotel in an excellent location. It is a short walk to the Metro and the Mall is well within walking distance. We ate out 3 nights and each night found an excellent restaurant less than a block away. 
159947809	 We decided to stay at the Hotel Lombardy based on the Trip Advisor reviews and we were not disappointed. The hotel is very conveniently located. It is within walking distance of Georgetown and the Smithsonian museums. It is a charming hotel and our room was actually a suite with a sitting room and kitchenette. It was very clean and comfortable and we would highly recommend staying there. 
159633761	 I had a mixed experience at the Lombardy.<br/><br/>Hotel:<br/>- The hotel is nice as it provides for an authentic feel<br/>- They managed to provide a well balanced mix between dated and originality, which is great and feels very appropriate when staying in D.C. from my perspective.<br/>- If you prefer luxury and an all-new-feel than you will not find that at the Lombardy.<br/><br/>Staff:<br/>- The staff actually drags down my rating from 4 to 3 as there was constant up-selling on limousine even when asked for metered taxi<br/>- Bell boys preferred to talk to each other than helping to open the door (at least show a reasonable attempt and not to just look, chat and ignore)<br/>- Cleaning personal appeared unhappy and at times unfriendly.<br/>- Reception staff was short and to the point and did not offer a map or the usual advise on local stuff.<br/><br/>Location<br/>- The hotel is located in a great and safe area, very convenient (20 min walk to White House, 5 min walk to Subway)<br/>- Plenty of restaurants, Starbucks and breakfast places nearby.<br/><br/>Bottom line:<br/>I would not stay at hte Lombardy again as i feel that there are other choices available at that price point. Hotel management should check on their staff and improve in that area as it directly reflects to the hotel guest and experience. 
159567752	 We stayed four nights at this hotel while we visited Washington DC. It is well located, being only 5 mins to the metro station and 30 minutes to the Washington Monument. Also very good restaurants in thsi area--try Founding Farmers!<br/> <br/>The staff are friendly and helpful. Check-in and check-out are very quick.<br/><br/>We booked several months in advance and prepaid. We got a very good rate.<br/><br/>We will stay at this hotel again. 
194808339	 Conveniently located with close proximity to many office buildings. Very comfortable rooms. Major draw back is the elevator service as two lifts are clearly insufficient particularly in the morning where you can expect rather long waits. 
194457629	 This hotel is in a great location and very clean. The reception staff member who checked us in was very disinterested and seemed distracted. She kept us waiting for quite a while for no apparent reason. On arriving at our room we were disappointed to find it extremely small and with no fridge. We called reception to ask if we could have a fridge (the weather was extremely hot) and were told they'd see what they could do. We ventured out for the afternoon and asked again on our return only to be told they were still looking into it. We told them we would be in the bar for a while. We had a drink and snack there for dinner - food was excellent. On our return to our room we called reception again only to be told that they had been trying to reach us but we weren't in our room! Another room was offered to us at 9.30pm which we took. The new room was twice the size, had a lovely view and a fridge. The porter who helped us with our luggage told us that there are only about 3 rooms in the hotel without a fridge and he couldn't understand why we had been given that room in the first place as they were not fully booked. After returning home and checking our bill we discovered that we had been charged $20 for the mini bar (we didnt use anything from the mini bar!). Overall this is a great hotel but some of the staff let it down. 
194400960	 Trip was suppose to be one night but after a snow storm we stayed an extra two days . The staff was helpful in a very stressful situation. Rooms were clean . Very close to everything. Would stay there again 
194178042	 When I'm in DC I usually stay here as it is 3 blocks away from the office (and Farragut West Metro stop) and 4 blocks away from a really big White House. The hotel is very conveniently located. It's staff are extremely friendly, welcoming, and helpful. The rooms are very comfortable, except I found the pillows were all too firm. The shower is delightful- the have those large rain shower heads- pressure is great- well appointed bathroom. The food is delicious and the lounge is very comfortable. The lighting was low/soft, except in the bathroom, but there were no outlets in the bathroom to plug in the hair dryer. The vanity area had no light at all. The walls are a little thin- but it is a historic hotel. With that being said, I would recommend this highly. 
194167246	 One night stay at the Lombardy and loved it. Great character, clean rooms and great service. Only drawback was the noisy heating system, a few decibels too loud IMHO. Will be returning later in March and hopefully get a quieter heating unit! And alas, no view from the room, just alleyway. Maybe next time. 
193714786	 We stayed at the Lombardy this weekend and are already planning to go back then next time we're in DC. Our suite was spacious, clean, and nicely appointed. The best part about the hotel is it's location: about a five minute walk to two metro stations, five blocks from the White House, and in the middle plenty of restaurants in a range of prices. We didn't need a car since the Lombardy was a great home base to visit museums and monuments (even though it was cold out we walked or took the metro and avoided parking fees and car rental fees). Lastly, the general manager, Corrado, was attentive and pleasant. He suggested we check out POV bar at the W hotel because it has a cool view of the White House, and Ebbit Grill for it's oyster bar. Thanks for the suggestions, Corrado. You were right on both accounts. 
167549196	 Our family traveled to Washington, DC on vacation and to be there for the 4th of July. This was our third stay at this hotel and we were again impressed by our room and the staff. From the moment we arrived we were treated with great service from the bell staff and front desk. We enjoyed a wonderful breakfast at the restaurant ( the almond French toast is the best ), and once again were very comfortable in our clean and spacious corner suite. Everyone was very helpful in planning our daily excursions and setting up any transportation needs throughout our stay and for our departure to the airport. The excellent location proved to be another added benefit. After a long day of many activities on July 4th, culminating with the fireworks display, it was good to be able to walk back to the hotel as the traffic congestion leaving the National Mall made a cab ride or even a bus not feasible. It is a great experience bringing our children to Washington, DC and exploring the many museums, monuments, and events. The experience is made even better by having our home away from home at the Hotel Lombardy. 
167280718	 Have stayed in this hotel previously and was looking forward to another superb stay. The last time here was quite special and like something out of the 1930's, with bell boys in the lift and concertina grating over the lift doors,it was fab. However now they have replaced the lifts, which are much faster, but it seems to have lost a little of the charm and old worldliness of the place. Saying that the beds are just so comfortable! Best nights sleep ever. And the rooms are clean , and the one we stayed in was spacious, we had a mini suite so it might be worth asking to upgrade. Very well situated and easily walkable to the White House in about 10minutes, Farragut west is the nearest metro station again about 5 minutes away. Worth a stay 
167050816	 We stayed here recently as the first stop of a road trip. The location is great with a metro only a few blocks from the metro and the valet parking was a huge plus! <br/>The room was very big and clean, with a fridge and sink.<br/>We had breakfast in the hotel one morning and it was very good and quick!<br/>The only problem we had with this hotel was that my partner left his necklace in the room. We realized it 2 days later once we had already left and called the hotel to see if it had been turned in. The housekeeping manager informed us that it had not. We called back straightaway to ask if someone could just run up and check the room as it was a small silver necklace that could easily blend in and we knew right where it would be. The receptionist told us no, and did not even offer to take our number in case it turned up. She basically left us with a too bad attitude. <br/><br/> 
166966083	 This is a nice place in terms of cleanliness. The hotel advertised in-room refrigerators, but there wasn't one in my room. There was only one bathrobe in the closet, so for people traveling in pairs, make sure you order two.<br/><br/>The location is pretty good. Close to the Foggy Bottom Metro and several good restaurants.<br/><br/>The staff is pretty friendly, but it is with them that I have my quarrel.<br/><br/>My girlfriend and I went site seeing. I had left a note for the maid to not tuck in the comforter. She mistook that as don't make the bed at all. She left us clean sheets folded up on the bed, one of which was soaking wet.<br/><br/>When we returned to our room, it was hanging wide open. Luckily we had utilized the safe in each room.<br/><br/>We brought it to the attention of the manager, but she basically said &quot;oh, well we'll try to remind our housecleaning staff to close the doors.&quot; Not good enough in my book...<br/><br/>I will not be staying here again, nor will I recommend this to any of my friends. 
166768993	 My husband and I enjoyed a three night weekend at the Lombardy in late June. The service was very good - when I asked for a free upgrade, we were given a very nice suite. Also, the two housekeeping requests (a door knob was not working, and to clear out the refrigerator) were taken care of immediately. It's a great location, very close to Georgetown, the Kennedy Centre, and Dupont Circle. All the staff were very helpful and friendly.<br/>The reasons I can't give four or five stars are: <br/>a very loud bar scene on Friday night until midnight (even with a white noise machine, we couldn't sleep). <br/>The pillows and mattress were uncomfortable - no pillow top, or soft pillows. <br/>Also, be aware that there are steps to the front door, and then to the lobby and elevators. (There is wheelchair access at the rear of the building.) 
166502529	 A friend and I stayed at the hotel Lombardy on July 4th to experience fireworks<br/>In the Capital on the 4th. I had been on Travelocity and couldn't find what I want, but found this absolute gem through trip advisor. The hotel is funky, in a really good way. When we first got on the elevator with three other people I commented that this must be the world's smallest elevator only to be told that the elevator next to it was even smaller. No matter, it added to the ambience. We stayed in a double room which, though small, was perfectly adequate. Our room had an antique dresser and desk. There was a small kitchenette with fridge and coffee maker off the bedroom. Beds were very comfortable, sheets, bedding and bathroom immaculate. Be warned there is no ice machine in the building but you can call to have it delivered. The price for this hotel was very reasonable considering it is D.C. Foggy bottom metro station is maybe an 8 minute walk. Smithsonian museums probably a 15-20 minute walk. Staff were very professional, friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay there again. I highly recommend it. 
87306013	 My wife and I visited Washington this last weekend. The hotel sits about 2 1/2 blocks from Metro stations in two directions. A shuttle from one, Foggy Bottom, will take you to the Kennedy Center in 5 minutes. Small restaurants are located in the neighborhood.<br/>It reminded me of European hotels.<br/><br/>Will stay again when I return to Washington, D.C. 
87196766	 excellent location, a few blocks from the whitehouse (about a 10 minute walk). We decided to upgrade our room from a basic room to a suite (about USD40 extra per night) - it was really worth it, we had a lounge, kitchen, our room and loads of space - it was lovely and worth the small extra charge per night.<br/><br/>The hotel wasnt noisy as some people have said, though we could now and then hear the people above us walking around, but it wasnt very often - squeaky floorboards i think!<br/><br/>The decor was average, nothing special. As other people have said the hotel staff at reception were usually quite unfriendly and unhelpful (apart from one girl). They dont provide plug adaptors, when we asked for one, we were quite bluntly told to go and buy one from a pharmacy...<br/><br/>In terms of location, there are some nice restaurants nearby (a lovely italian a few doors down, though it's expensive), and some other places nearby.<br/><br/>Clothes shopping in the area isnt great (george town is ok, but limited choices and not great value). If you like Abercrombie, American Eagle, designer outlets etc, we'd recommend hiring a car for the day. We went to Express Cars, based in the basement of the hilton a 5 minute walk away. Car hire was very cheap - USD 40 per day (before insurance) and they let us park free overnight at the marriott which was great. We went to ponamic mills, a 30 minute drive away - great outlet, with loads of stores and great clothes bargains.<br/><br/>Finally the hotel sold us sight seeing tickets for the sightseeing bus tour company. Don't use them - use greyhound, much better frequency and new buses. You can get daily/2 day passes at the grand union station.<br/><br/>Overall, a nice hotel in a nice location, i would recommend it. Just dont expect the reception staff to be helpful - they really dont care in general! 
86934884	 Excellent hotel with very good location between the White house and Georgetown. a bit expensive, but hotels generally are in Washington. 
86798851	 I enjoyed my stay at Hotel Lombardy. I love that it is rich in history. It was originally built in the 1920s as apartments then it was turned into a hotel. So the doors have their original French doors and then behind it is the door to get into the room. The rooms are spacious. There's a vanity area that's so cute! And then there's a kitchen and sitting area. The bathroom is a good size. Though we had draining problem in the tub they came to fix it immediately and never had any problems after that. It was understandable considering it's a very old hotel. Our room had a 42' TV with cable and they gave us free water in bottles! The staff is very nice. The bell guys were so friendly and funny! Also, the hotel is situated to where it is so close to Georgetown which is the IT place and so close to the National Mall and White House. I definitely recommend this hotel. I will stay again in the future! 
86744991	 The Hotel Lombardy became my husband's favorite hotel last weekend. We had just stayed at the West Baden Springs Hotel in Indiana 2 weeks earlier and did not think that could be beat, but we were wrong. Our room at the Lombardy was a small boutique room, but very cozy. The bed was unbelievable, my husband just made me call to find out where they purchase their mattresses and pillows. Easy walking distance to Georgetown and the Mall. We found a little bar and grill called Marshall's within a 5 minute walk of the hotel and it was great. <br/><br/>The prices at the Lombardy are excellent. An average of $170.00 per night, using AAA. The staff was cordial, helpful and highly professional. A big plus for us, there was absolutely no noise to be heard. The rooms have a decorative door, then the actual room door, then when you get inside, there is a small entryway and a third door you can close to shut out any noise. We never heard a sound from other rooms or the hallways. <br/><br/>This will be our new hotel for Washington DC in the future. <br/><br/>One sour note though...if you want to watch anything on ESPN, the reception for that channel at the Lombardy is terrible. 
86089418	 The bedroom area wasn't huge, but there was a separate room with a small table and kitchen area. The bathroom also wasn't that large, but it was sufficient. The hotel was situated in an area that was convenient for walking to all the attractions on the National Mall. For attractions that were further away, the hotel was just a couple of blocks away from a Metro station. We didn't ever eat at the hotel's restaurant, so I can't comment on that. The doormen and front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel, and I would stay there again. 
188151032	 Good location in Foggy Bottom only a few blocks from the Metro station and an easy walk to the White House. Room was a kingsize but the room was very basic with views to office buildings (10 ft one way and 30 ft the other way. Small bathroom, no fridge, fixed shower head and nothing at all special to get excited about. Pillows very lumpy and uncomfortable. We asked for feather pillows but they didn't have any others. No bathrobes in the room and when we asked they sent up only one. For the money you pay you would really expect more. 
188096755	 This is a very nice hotel. It is an older building and small but clean and perfectly fine in a great location right on Pennsylvania Avenue with an easy walk to many attractions. My room on fourth floor on the front of the hotel was quiet and my stay was uneventful. Free wifi access. Pleasant staff. Would stay here again. My trip was quick, one night for business and all was good. 
187957651	 Great hotel… nice people.. clean. In house restaurant was great. on the 2nd night they did a special non menu request. It was wonderful. I walked to the Vietnam War Memorial. The hotel seemed to be walking distance from everything 
187929627	 In my stay in the capital did a full tour of the main centers for politics and American history. It dates back to the origins of democracy in the country. I did a complete and comprehensive visits to museums , memorials and monuments to great leaders of America.<br/><br/>Also, walked from end to end across the capital , rail , walking and private vehicle.<br/><br/>I have talked with several locals and indigenous political era, which we specify a discussion and exchange of experience between U.S. &amp; NICARAGUA ...<br/><br/>I found the chance to taste the American food and visit a top national universities and high global icon status, such as: . George Washington University - The Graduate School of Political Management /<br/><br/>Very nice ... my visit I learned a lot of culture , history and feeling palpable and sincere people that live in this city ...<br/><br/>Our God Bless America.<br/><br/>Blessings .<br/><br/>Fraternal Greetings .<br/><br/><br/><br/>MAB . GUSTAVO Baldelomar<br/>Independent Consultant .<br/>Public &amp; Private Instances .<br/>Rural Tourism Specialist . 
187916373	 Only stayed one night but would stay again! Room was very clean and very comfortable. Noise from outside was not a factor as we were on the 5th floor. This is an older but charming hotel and very well maintained. The doormen were quite friendly as was any of the staff that we encountered. Loved that the shower and toilet had a separate door! So nice to be able to get ready while someone else is showering! Location is close to all attractions and walking distance to Georgetown and GWU which is where we needed to be! Thanks Hotel Lombardy~! 
187791193	 We were able to just stay one night, but were so sad we couldn't spend a week! What a great little hotel! We felt like we were staying in some little European boutique hotel. It was so quaint and attractive! The staff were so nice and accomodating and the service was great and so friendly. I am a travel agent and can't wait to recommend this hotel to any clients traveling to Washington DC! Also, one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten in, Founding Farmers, is located just across the street. Treat yourself to these two jewels! 
236642621	 We checked into the Hotel Lombardy for 5 days in October 2014. Our first visit to the hotel, and to the city, and it won't be our last. We will definitely return to the Lombardy on our next trip to DC. Excellent location, reasonable prices, tremendously friendly and helpful staff. Everyone is a team that is focused on making your visit and your stay comfortable and enjoyable. It is a bit more of a European or old world style facility.......a small older hotel that is quite charming and very clean with excellent service. Our room was on the 11th floor. One issue with the lights in the bathroom was fixed immediately...a faulty dimmer switch was identified and replaced literally within 30 minutes of notifying the maintenance engineer. The Washington Post was delivered to the room every morning. We ate a couple meals in the Venetian Room - very well prepared and served, and quite reasonable prices....and had drinks there every night. The vibe of the room is relaxed and very conducive to conversation, but the real jewel of that part of the hotel is Nathan, who presides over the Venetian Room with professional calm, and is witty, experienced, delivers top notch service and is very knowledgeable about the area. 
236394601	 Perfectly located, only 10 minutes walk from the White House, and 5 minutes from the metro... Although I highly recommend you hire the city bikes, very reasonable, great fun and you can cycle everywhere seeing all the sights!<br/>The Lombardy is a charming, well kept small hotel. Extremely friendly and helpful staff. The bedroom was lovely and very spacious. We were on the 8th floor, and had a side view... So we were not disturbed by traffic. The air con was somewhat noisey, but luckily we didn't need to use it at night! The decor was classically elegant, the bathroom spotlessly clean, with a great shower and had a small dressing table with a very good hairdryer.<br/>We were on a room only tarrif and as there were so many good restaurants nearby we didn't use the hotel's small restaurant. But we did use the lovely lounge/bar area The Venetian Room, which was very atmospheric!<br/>Loved our 2 days in Washington... the history, The Whitehouse, the monuments, Georgetown and our very comfortable stay at the charming Hotel Lombardy. 
235273767	 The only outsanding feature of this hotel is its location. Otherwise, it's old, crampy and overpriced - mainly due to World Bank types and their clients flocking to it because of the hotel's vicinity to WB's offices.<br/><br/>Small rooms, old A/C, subpar breakfast. WiFi was slow.<br/><br/>If you have a choice, go someplace else, otherwise it's ok for an overnight stay.<br/><br/>Nothing special. 
234486715	 My husband has stayed at the Lombardy a number of times on business trips to Washington DC so when I planned a recent visit, he suggested I stay there too. So glad I did ... steeped in old world charm it's a lovely respite from energetic sight-seeing in this great city. Staff are all very attentive and good at what they do - making guests welcome and feeling well looked after. The receptionists, doormen, the staff in Cafe Lombardy and the Venetian Room Bar, housekeeping ... they're all an asset to the place. My room was spacious and well appointed, comfortable bed. Quiet room on the 10th floor, but the airconditioner was very noisy. Thankfully it wasn't really warm weather so I only ran it a couple of times in the afternoon - it would be way too noisy to sleep with it on. Bathroom was smallish and quite dated, but adequate. I ate breakfast at Cafe Lombardy a number of times, dinner there once and had drinks and snacks in the Venetian Room a couple of times (especially good service there from Nathan). All the food was delicious and reasonable value for DC. The hotel is well located too ... about 10 minutes walk to the White House, five minutes from the Metro, just far enough out from the National Mall area to be quiet - the best of both worlds. I'd definitely consider staying again if I go back. 
233934384	 Location is excellent: 5 min walk from Farragut West or Foggy Bottom; 10min to Farragut North and the White House. <br/>The rooms are a decent size and quiet. Our room was at the back and had no traffic noise but no view whatsoever (but not a problem).<br/>Breakfast seemed like it was comparatively expensive (so we didn't try it) given the proximity of other options like Founding Farmers at the other end of the block. 
233385595	 My Daughter picked the Hotel Lombardy and Washington DC Arts Club next door for her Wedding. Our Family flew in from Texas and were immediately greeted by the best service we have ever had. I give this Hotel - 5 stars for the friendliness, the restaurant, the cleanliness and overall kindness we all felt from the minute we checked in, to the minute we left, it was just amazing. Nathan in the Venetian Room was &quot;World Class&quot; and helped make sure all of us had our favorite beverages. A wonderful Historic Hotel. We are all planning to come back soon. Thank you for making my daughters wedding weekend perfect. 
142868590	 Although the Lombardy is an older hotel, rooms are spacious, staff are polite, knowledgeable and always ready to help. The price is very competitive in comparison to other branded hotels. It's central location - a five minutes walk the the Mall and the Lincoln Memorial make this hotel a gem. 
142825125	 We looked at many hotels before deciding on the Lombardy and were very happy with our choice. The hotel is 2 blocks from the Blue line metro station and about 8 blocks from the monuments so you are very close to everything. We were pleasantly suprised with the large room and the bed was comfy. It is an older property so one of the elevators (there are 2) was very small and the floor in the room creaked a little, but that is part of the charm! We had a room on the 7th floor away from the street and it was very quiet. I highly recommend! 
142806832	 Very good value. Room was not the largest but the bed was a king size so no fighting for space,the pillows were soft anf fluffy and the mattress was so so comfortable.The view wasn't the greatest ( at the back) but we were out all day every day so not a problem. The bathroom was huge. Well lit with a little dressing area. The water was very hot although not always as controllable and sometimes almost scalding!. <br/>The hotel location was very good a few blocks from the White House and lots of the other attractions. We walked most of the time and most places were totally accessable.<br/>We used the Metro a few times which was very easy to manage. <br/>Would definately use this hotel again. The breakfast in the restaurant was good and not too expensive for a city hotel. 
142391003	 This hotel is the least expensive of any in the area. It's right across the street from George Washington University, right next door to James Madison's private home when he was President, close to the yellow line on the double decker tour bus route and the rooms were so large I was shocked. There were several places to eat in the area we could walk to and room service was fairly quick and tasty. The doorman always was available to hail a cab or just open the door.<br/><br/>The regular room we reserved had a kitchen area (big drawback was no microwave) with a small table to sit at for coffee in the morning. I wake early, Katherine sleeps late. So we loved me being able to sit away from her and have my morning while she snoozed. Iron and ironing board and more pillows on the bed than should be legal. Warning, if you like small flat pillows you may not be very happy. I had some trouble getting a good night's sleep with the Staypuff ones they have.<br/><br/>We were in the middle of one of the worst vacations on record. Lost luggage, car service was late at the airport, one in a couple who were friends and had agreed to show us around the city was having some &quot;issues&quot; and they spilled over to nearly derail my 50th birthday, Katherine caught a tragic cold and ran fever for two days.<br/><br/>After one night, we were moments away from changing our flights and go home. But the hotel was so close to everything we wanted to do, the service was so wonderful and the idea of letting so many unforeseeable external problems ruin our DC trip was out of the question. We pressed on.<br/><br/>The hotel is an old apartment building and has a home like feel to it as opposed to the coldness of most chains and the halls weren't 100 yards long. The elevators are quite old and therefor small. One is barely big enough for two people and luggage. The other is larger...just be patient.<br/><br/>The bar had a nice selection of Scotch and that always makes me happy. I spent my birthday evening there because Katherine was sick and our host friends were no where to be found. I ordered a very expensive Scotch to treat myself and when I asked the barkeep for another he politely warned me of its cost. I thought that was very sweet of him. But I had it anyway. He could have given it to me gratis since I was celebrating my birthday alone. But it wasn't his call and I get it.<br/><br/>But the hotel had fabulous lobby and door service, free wifi in the rooms, decent but the usual over priced room service and a great location. I think unless we can one day splurge for the Willard, this will be where we land next time in DC. Because we'll be back when no one is sick! 
142347217	 My wife and I stayed at the Lombardy Hotel over the October 6-8, 2012 weekend. It's great place: very reasonable price, perfect location (between 2 metro stops), and a great sleep quality bed. Our room was very comfortable and clean. LCD tv and free internet. The hotel is a couple of blocks away from 2 CVS stores, Starbucks and several restaurants. About a 20-min drive from Reagan National by cab or about 35-min by metro/walk.<br/><br/>Two negatives: 1) low and/or inconsistent water pressure (we stayed on the 10th floor); and 2) mediocre restaurant. <br/><br/>Otherwise, I highly recommend Hotel Lombardy for any visitor to Washington DC. 
142346847	 I was completely happy with my 3-night stay at the Lombardy; I can't wait to go back! I booked an Executive Parkview King because I wanted the Pennsylvania Avenue view, and I got room 1002, tenth floor, center, and I LOVED it!! Spacious, spotless, lots of natural light. Huge king bed was sooo comfy! Loved the little kitchen with little refrigerator, sink, table and chairs with it's own window. Charming hotel with European feel. Fantastic staff! The location was absolutely perfect! Five-minute walk to the Foggy Bottem Metro station at GWU hospital was my go-to station. In that area is a CVS Pharmacy, and best of all, a Whole Foods. First afternoon there I went to Whole Foods and stocked up breakfast items and snacks for my little kitchen. I can't say enough about this wonderful hotel! I will absolutely go back!! 
146987357	 They say location is important, as indeed it is. The Lombardy is located on Pennsylvania Avenue about half a mile from the White House. Lot's of stores and restaurants around so plenty to see, although the hotel is in a quiet location which is good. Front office staff were excellent and so helpful. Breakfast was not included in the room price(unlike in Europe) and was average at best and also expensive. 
146875832	 We stayed here from Nov. 22 to Nov. 25. Room is very clean and situated in a great location (less than a min. walk to a bus stop, 2 blocks from Foggy Bottom metro station). Got a room on high floor view toward the street in front of the hotel as requested. Pasta was delicious. We would stay here again if we go back to D.C. 
146818775	 This hotel was wonderful, rooms were so clean and spacious. We'd just arrived from an international flight and had a perfect night's sleep! Perfect location too, just a short walk from the white house, we only used the metro to get to arlington, everything else was quite close. Only about 5/10 minutes from the nearest metro stop as well. Doorman was really helpful, as were staff we dealt with in reception. Would definately stay again if I was returning to DC. 
146705455	 We stayed at the Hotel Lombardy for a quick sightseeing weekend. Excellent customer service, comfortable, clean room, reasonably priced. Our &quot;park view&quot; suite was the perfect set-up for our family of three. Only complaint was the noise from the street at night. 
146615753	 I booked this hotel direct through their website and got an amazing deal as booked quite far in advance. We just used the hotel as a base for seeing DC and the room had all the facilities we could need. Very clean. Very comfy bed. View from the window was not great, but that didn't bother us. The room even had a little kitchenette with fridge. Coffee maker and safe in room. Location was very central - easily walkable to all the sights, museums and Georgetown. Overall I would recommend this hotel and stay here again (if I can get a good advance deal online). 
146590213	 Recently spent 4 nights in a suite in this great located hotel in DC. Staff very friendly, close to all major attractions including the White House! Would stay here again on a return visit to DC. Was given some great advice on where to eat, try the District Commons just two blocks down from the hotel. 
196856001	 This is seriously my favorite hotel I've ever stayed in. The decor is lovely and unique, the bed was comfy, the shower was awesome. It's located within walking distance of basically everything you'd want to see in DC -- just about equidistant from the National Mall and the Lincoln Memorial (and everything near each of those). Just a short walk from the metro. Neighborhood it's in (Foggy Bottom) has lots of restaurants. The service was not just good, but actually noteworthy -- incredibly personalized, friendly service. I actually felt like a valued patron. The food (I had a strip steak, peach cobbler, and I let them choose a Merlot for me) was fantastic and the room service was surprisingly reasonably priced. And the rate was FANTASTIC. I will definitely, without a doubt, stay here every time I travel to DC.<br/><br/>If you feel like reading more, here's more:<br/><br/>-I flew into DCA and it only took me about 20 minutes total via the metro and walking to get to the hotel.<br/>-The toiletries were great quality -- Bath &amp; Body Works stuff with very subtle scent. I loved it.<br/>-The coffee was really good.<br/>-The bathroom was huge and had a little vanity to sit and do hair and makeup. I loved that. It made me feel fancy (hah).<br/>-It had way more amenities than I would expect for the price. Fridge, fully stocked mini bar, coffee maker (and tea!), hair dryer, free in-room wifi, nice soft robe, on-site restaurant &amp; lounge, room service. I feel like I'm forgetting stuff, even.<br/>-Great neighborhood. Felt very safe, was very clean, even relatively quiet.<br/>-Close to a bike share station, if you're into that sort of thing.<br/><br/>Loved it! 
196685360	 I was completely surprised by this lovely little gem. The welcoming staff were delightful, especially since they'd been dealing with the ramifications of a huge snow storm, stranding many guests. My parkview room was incredible - comfy bed, small kitchenette, even a tiny dressing area outside of the bathroom. The bar/lounge was terrific. 
196590752	 We enjoyed two nights at this lovely little hotel last weekend. Nothing to complain about whatsoever. We had a cute room with a little kitchen and comfortable beds. We liked the uniqueness of the hotel and we found the staff to be very accommodating and pleasant. Easy check in. Good location. Our room was on the 9th floor and we did not hear any noise at all. It didn't have a great view, but we didn't care about that. Both of us slept quite soundly. We would definetely stay there again. 
196074474	 We are grateful to an impending snowstorm that led us to book a night at Hotel Lombardy<br/>rather than traveling to our home in northern Virginia. We opted for this hotel because of its location and very reasonable price compared to large DC hotels. What a treat! What a welcome. The friendliness of the staff was outstanding--from those at the reception desk to housekeeping to bellman/valet. We were charmed by the European atmosphere of this boutique hotel, built in 1926, and our surprisingly cozy yet spacious room with king-size bed. The bathroom is divided into two parts--sink and vanity are conveniently separated by a door from the shower and toilet. Parking overnight cost $43 (including tax). Even so, our cost for the room (with AAA or AARP discount) and parking was about $170. We enjoyed a delicious breakfast in the cozy, bright cafe (not included in room rate). 
195950337	 Loved this European hotel in the middle of DC - we stayed in a Suite on the 9th floor and just loved<br/>The charm. Enjoy a late night drink in the Venetian room for a real &quot;throw back&quot; treat - the staff was very friendly and extremely helpful - what a treat!!!<br/> 
195759317	 <br/>Bottom line is that you can't fundamentally argue with a hotel with such lovely rooms at such a good price that is this well located. That said, I was somehow left a little underwhelmed. It somehow ends up feeling a little pokey (the photos make it look larger and grander than it is; you squeeze through a narrow entrance to a tiny reception space with just a couple of chairs, with an equally tiny reception area up some stairs to the left. And the narrow corridors feel gloomy and ill-lit. And someone it wasn't a surprise that the door didn't open easily and we had to spend a minute rattling it each time we wanted to get in, or that the air on burst rudely and noisily to life at 5am. This isn't what I expect from a hotel with such good trip adviser reviews. But I end where I started: the room we had really was lovely: two very comfy queen beds, with very comfy pillows that was well appointed, had ample space and suffered from no road noise. For the price we were paying it felt like a real bargain and I doubt you'd get much better for the price elsewhere in DC. 
232904042	 This is a historic hotel in the DC area and although it is older, it doesn't show it. The staff at the front door and desk were so welcoming and kind. We felt like we knew the staff by the way we could all openly talk and discuss the city. They helped us understand the Metro and that we could just walk to most monuments. From the White House, we were only 5 blocks and from the National Mall, we were like 12.That sounds like a lot, and yes it is a lot of walking, but we were able to do it and not be worn out. Our room was facing another building but all we all we did was sleep and shower so it didn't bother us. The rooms were very comfortable. Since it was older, it was laid out as a small home. Our bedroom had its own door, along with the bathroom, which made it feel cozy. A bit past the hotel, in the direction away from the White House, was the college. It never got too loud but there were more crowds using the Foggy Bottom Metro station. We went to a Nationals Baseball game but surprisingly the crowds leaving and going home were not that bad. Be careful on nights where there are multiple professional games, then the Metro will be packed and everyone will be cranky. We will always try and come back to Lombardy! 
232578198	 had a room overlooking another building but to be fair i didnt spend much time in the hotel so this wasn't an issue. Room was large with great shower huge bed and plenty of space for everything. had breakfast here a couple of times and the food and service were both very good. The girls on reception were very helpful when i needed something printing off for a tour i'd booked and helped to organise a taxi back to dulles. Would definatley stay here again 
232510086	 This was my first time staying at this hotel.<br/><br/>This hotel has a fantastic old world charm about it. The rooms are spacious and divided into several parts. <br/><br/>The location is great and I walked everywhere. I will say though that the Metro buses pull up very close to the hotel.<br/><br/>The only slight problem I had was that it was very easy to hear everything in the hallway, so much so that I was reluctant to Skype home at the desk located right inside the door as it felt like if I could hear people in the hall could they hear me.<br/><br/>I didn't eat at the hotel restaurant but there are plenty of options around the hotel, including a Whole Foods located two blocks away.<br/><br/>I would stay here again if I was back in Washington. 
232455818	 I staid there for 3 nights. The room was clean and comfortable. The price was reasonable (220 € per night without breakfast) and it is well located for meetings with national or international institutions. At 10 minutes walk from the White House. The staff is nice, and food at the restaurant is good. 
232161514	 I stayed at the Hotel Lombardy for 5 nights several weeks ago.<br/><br/>I was on the 10th floor. The room had a separate little entrance area, a comfortable bed and a huge bathroom.. The WIFI worked great.<br/><br/>While the hotel is fairly old and the elevator small, I had no trouble getting back and forth. The staff always greeted me and asked me how I liked staying there and if I needed anything. <br/><br/>I thought the location was perfect. The hotel is in the same area as George Washington University, so you observe a lot of students in the area. There are two convenient Metro stations nearby----the closest is Foggy Bottom which is a few blocks away. The Farragut station is a longer walk down Pennsylvania Avenue, but not very far at all. As far as safety, I went to a Washington Nationals night game and walked back to the hotel from the Foggy Bottom station around 11 pm. I felt totally safe, as it was mostly the GWU student body walking around at that hour. <br/><br/>If you want to save money on restaurants, there is a Whole Foods Market that is only about 2 blocks away with a huge deli inside. There is also a Baja Fresh a few blocks away and some other local eateries within walking distance.<br/><br/>Next door to the hotel is a home once occupied by James Monroe. The building is still well kept and occupied to this day.<br/><br/>I was able to see almost everything I wanted to see on my checklist this trip. This hotel should be perfect for anyone wanting a safe, clean place near the metro line to enjoy the sights of Washington. 
232159209	 Slightly away from the main tourist attractions this lovely old hotel is in Foggy Bottom and not far from a few subway stations. You can still walk to the White House and other attractions quite easily. It was also a lovely walk to Georgetown from the hotel - probably a good 30 min stroll. What a lovely place Georgetown is, well worth a visit. There is a large Whole foods supermarket nearby which is amazing if you are into organic produce etc. <br/>Most of the staff are friendly although the young lady that did our check in seemed a bit hassled and less friendly than the other staff members we talked to. Nevertheless she was efficient. Our suite with a large king bed with nice linen was spacious (Room 604) however the toilet blocked up twice during our stay. The staff were not surprised so I expect this happens regularly in an old hotel! <br/>Mohammad who looked after us in the restaurant for dinner was fantastic and I can recommend the food, definitely have at least one dinner (sea bass was beautiful) and a breakfast. 
247806882	 The Hotel Lombardy is a wonderful place that upon entering through the front doors you are transported to an old world with all of the charm that it offers. The check in was quick and easy and our bags were taken up to our room for us, the room itself was simply beautiful. The 1920s decor is matched with modern day facilities which work perfectly. The heating was excellent and the room had been meticulously cleaned. The service at the hotel was outstanding, with each staff member greeting you and ensuring that you have everything you need. My partner and I ate at the Cafe Lombardy for both of the mornings we stayed and the food was delicious, and the service great. I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone looking for reasonably priced accommodation that will deliver exceptional service. 
247767936	 The room was fine, spacious enough and clean, but for that price, I expected something more. That being said, everything worked well, internet included (I had unlimited access in my rate and no problems). Hotels in DC are quite expensive so perhaps this was par for the course at that rate.<br/><br/>The service at check-in was also pretty horrible; I felt I was interrupting the two persons there (it was evening but not late), even though no one else was there. The only windows in my room gave view of the inner part of the hotel, so not great either. <br/><br/>Overall, not bad, but not great either. Does the job. 
247441612	 my fiancé and I drove up for Christmas and as soon as we got there the doorman came out and immediately grabbed our luggage and took it up to the room as soon as we were checked in...very professional and nice. In the hotel there is a lounge towards the back called the Venetian lounge and bar which is incredibly romantic ( a hidden gem!), very low lighting with comfy couches right by the fireplace and music such as Billy Holiday and Frank Sinatra were playing in the background. The Bartender was excellent! I wish I hadn't forgotten his name but every night that we came in for a night cap he was such a kind man ....a must for a night cap if you are staying in the Hotel. The room was very nice, it was on the small side but very cozy (bed and breakfast style). The house keeper came nightly to bring us a couple of bottles of water and to wish us a good night. Very good boutique hotel and I would surely stay at again! A+ 
247419891	 What a lovely hotel! I arrived to find out I had a free upgrade which was great to hear! The room was clean and huge. The hotel is very close to the White House, the Lincoln memorial , etc. so it is extremely easy to sightsee. The staff was also very friendly. I have nothing bad to say about the hotel and would definitely recommend/ stay there again! 
247379677	 A charming hotel, with perfect location very close to all monuments and museums within National Mall. Café Lombardy, on the right by the reception desk can accommodate a reasonable number of guests and serves breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner with interesting choices of food. Meals are not included, therefore it's good to have the café at hand. We stayed on the 8th floor for four nights and we loved it - really peaceful and quiet enough for restful nights in a deluxe king size bed. The bedroom had windows opening in the back and when opened there was a continuous fan noise from the buildings around, but with the windows closed we could get decent sleep. There is a coffee maker in the room, but to have the coffee supply renewed, housekeeping needs to be allowed in - they do not come and ask by themselves.<br/>As a general idea, we loved the hotel and we would like to return for a future visit in Washington DC. 
247276657	 This place is stately, the location is amazing, and the value is unbeatable. Oh, and the staff is very friendly. I can't think of anywhere I would rather stay in Washington, DC, and this is regardless of budget. <br/><br/>There are more plush modern hotels for the &quot;arriviste,&quot; but the Lombardy offers a self-confident elegance without pointless opulence. 
247075965	 I chose this hotel based on the previous reviews I read. The staff were indeed friendly and the hotel is located about 10 minutes from the White House so it served as a good home base for me. <br/><br/>As others have said, the bed was very comfortable but the Deluxe King room I stayed in was a bit cramped. The vanity table is in the way and I almost tripped over it several times.The only other problem I had was the bathtub did not drain properly. This was VERY annoying. Every shower I took ended up being a bath because I ended up standing in a pool of water which is a pet peeve of mine. I notified housekeeping of my problem and they tried to fix it but made the problem worse. I ended it up an ever bigger pool of water. I notified housekeeping a second time but they were not able to fix it before I checked out. I do give them Kudos for their quick response and their attempts to address my concerns.<br/><br/>As I said, this was a bittersweet experience for me and I will probably try a different hotel when I return. 
246743154	 Walking distance to the White House. Very good location. Comfortable hotel, quaint and quiet. Friendly staff. Will stay there again. Metro stops are nearby. We walked from hotel through George Washington University to the many monuments. Nice little restaurant/bar. 
246440702	 Clean, quite comfortable. Pillows are stiff, but softer pillows available on request. Staff is helpful and very enthusiastic. Location is within walking distance to White House. Parking pricey but a less expensive garage is nearby for weeknight parking. 
246071284	 Stayed at the Lombardy 11th, 12th &amp; 13th of December, we were impressed with the use of space, although small it had a small kitchenette and dining area which was perfect for storing our luggage. Bed was extremely comfortable, particularly after our long days of sightseeing and museum hopping. Washington is a walking city, everything is easy to walk to, only time we used the Metro was to go to Woodley Park Zoo and even that was only two stops away.<br/>Best thing about 90% of attractions in Washington, they are free! At our departure a transfer was quickly arranged for us to get to DuPont Circle which was a five minute drive away. 
245873299	 Entering through front doors with brass fittings polished to a mirror finish, one finds oneself inside a quiet, charming well located hotel with an exceptionally friendly staff. We dealt with a very professional London at the front desk and a really personable Mohammed at the bar who even prepared delicious sandwiches himself for us when we arrived starving after a performance at the Kennedy Center only to find the kitchen closed. Front room was not large but well appointed with a wonderful view. 
245773276	 This is a wonderful find in a nice convenient location in DC. You will be able to walk to many good restaurants and museums. Slight &quot;hike&quot; to the mall- but definitely possible. Very reasonable weekend rates for visitors to DC.. Enjoy! 
214484596	 Love this hotel. The people could not have been nicer or more helpful. It was our first time to Washington DC and this hotel made the trip perfect. Coming back to this hotel after a long day of walking through the city enjoying the sights was great! Nathan in the bar is wonderful!! The bellhops could not have been more helpful with our bags and getting taxi's for us. If I ever go back to Washington DC I will stay there for sure! 
214365477	 The Hotel Lombardy is a refreshing site after a busy day of meetings. The staff is warm and hospitable and the service is the kind that makes travelers like me continue to stay in boutique hotels. The room was small but made to feel cozy with a small sitting area and finishes that reflect a pride in ownership. In addition to the staff being focused on the guest, the prices for the rooms and even the amenities like sodas and nuts was not over the top which is always a sign of the owner/manager's focus. By focusing on clients I suspect their high occupancy rates are consistent and will continue. Book early and book often with Lombardy. You will be competing with me for a room, as I plan to stay again and again. 
214239111	 I arrived after a horrendous journey In the middle of the night and the greeting was very warm. The room was amazing. Incredibly comfortable bed and immaculately clean as you'd expect. Helpful staff and at the weekend when I was staying there free on street parking just a couple of blocks away. 
214131222	 Love,Love,Love this hotel. The sweet manager Corado made you feel like you were coming home.<br/> The price was certainly right. The building is such and oldy but a goody.Charming hallways great artwork on the walls. <br/><br/> We enjoyed the bellhops rushing to help your every need.<br/><br/> Mohammad from the hotel cafe is precious.<br/><br/> Nathan the bars leader is fun with tons of great ideas where to go how to get there.<br/><br/> Very clean room, teeny tiny but we were never in it, worked for us.<br/><br/> The location was a few blocks from the White House, tons of places to choose from for meals.<br/>Book your stay , you won't forget it! 
214080559	 The hotel is approximately 5 minutes walk to blue/orange metro line, 10-ish to white house, and 20 minutes to Lincoln memorial. Whole foods and CVS are also within 5 minutes walk. Descent restaurants close by (although surprisingly many close quite early during the week). So overall the location was great. <br/><br/>Price is relative of course, but during independence week this was priced quite well given how well it is reviewed overall. We were not looking for 5 star treatment - just comfortable, clean, safe, convenient which this is on all accounts. Cleaning staff actually came twice (once later in the day to make sure everything was to our satisfaction). The beds were comfortable and there were approximately 10 pillows so we were both able to find one to our liking. The room did NOT have a view though (we don't really spend much time in the room so not an issue for us). They upgraded us to a room with a smallish eating area which was nice. The hotel is starting to show its age but they do seem to keep up on repairs for the most part. Our only real complaints were that the shower did not drain well - by the time we were done showers, water was ankle deep - and one of the two elevators was very small (but we never needed to wait very long for elevators at any time).<br/><br/>Overall I would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay again for the right price. 
213986819	 What a wonderful little hotel. The room was clean, the staff was so incredible and accommodating. They bent over backwards to make our stay great. The bed was comfortable. My Only wish is that they had a full length mirror in the room. Called down for extra towels and they were at the door in less than 5 minutes. The hotel is 3 blocks from the metro. Highly recommend this hotel. 
243046024	 1st time staying at the Lombardy - it now will be my number one choice from now on for my Oyster Riot Event I attend every year - and also to celebrate my best friends birthday!<br/>The two young ladies at the reservation desk where super accomodating and other staff were fantastic. It was great to have the valet parking, too. Love the hotel - clean and comfortable. 
242931183	 My husband &amp; I stayed here for 2 nights during Thanksgiving week, and we loved this charming historic boutique hotel. The bedroom &amp; bathroom were clean. The mattress was the MOST comfortable I've been (next to ours at home). Conveniently located within 5 walking blocks to White House area. Quiet neighborhood, with a nice little park in front of the hotel. Easy access to Metro station (2 blocks from Foggy Bottom, and 3 blocks from Farragut West).<br/>Had tasty &amp; peaceful breakfast there on both mornings, to add, Founding Farmers are also located 1 block from the hotel (too bad the time we were there, they open at 9am).<br/>Staff were all nice and courteous. All in all, pleasant experience! We will stay here again no doubt! 
242796474	 This comment is directed mainly at the bar tucked away in the back of the hotel. The cozy little bar is utterly charming and is a great place to spend an evening when it's cool and miserable outside. The bartender and wait staff are incredibly personable and attentive, with great stories and anecdotes. When we were there, they were out of Harvey's, so that's a negative, but nevertheless, the ambiance is intimate and comfortable. A great place to have a drink. And DO have the crabcakes! 
242646738	 Such a brilliant location, welcoming staff (even thought we arrived around midnight!), cozy and very clean room. Loved the European feel and antiques scattered throughout the property. Sure, the room was small, but beautifully maintained and the L'occitane toiletries were an unexpected delight. Definitely would stay again, but for more than one night next time! 
242593497	 Hotel Lombardy is an oasis of charm and character in Foggy Bottom. There is a louvered door in front of each standard room door, and the details continue once you're in your room - beautiful furniture, mirrors and art, an alcove with a makeup table - and another with a kitchenette and small table. The restaurant has an old world ambiance and great breakfasts (haven't sampled other meals). Service is wonderful - especially among the doormen. We've stayed here several times while visiting our son at nearby George Washington University, and will contiue to do so. 
242576266	 I'm so glad I found this place through TripAdvisor! It was a perfect, quaint hotel, and they were so good to us! All of the staff looked so great and professional, and they treated us wonderfully! They opened a bottle of wine for us, they sent up an iron and ironing board, they got us taxis; we really couldn't have asked for a better experience. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. Plus, the price was so reasonable! 
6169186	 I can see why some guests would have a bad experience with this hotel, but we found that a quick chat with the desk can have surprising results. <br/>My husband and I arrived around 9pm following a long flight from the UK. The young girl on the desk was neither friendly nor rude - just indifferent. We were given room 505. It was, in my opinion, a utility room next to the elevator shaft. There was a small queen bedroom with old fashioned kitchenette. As the cupboards were bare the kitchen was of no use and the mini bar items looked lost in the huge old fridge. And no cups for the coffee maker. The bathroom unit and the toilet were dirty. <br/>As I had reserved a standard king room I went back to reception to ask for us to be moved, only to be told by little miss indifferent that the hotel was fully booked. At that moment another, more friendlier gentleman arrived behind the desk, apologised and said that he would move us to a nicer room in the morning.<br/><br/>We handed back our room keys the next day and set off for a days sight-seeing. When we got back in the early evening the same gentleman greeted us with 2 new room keys and said that all our luggage had been placed in the new room. He apologised for the inconvenience and couldn't have been more helpful.<br/>We then went up to 403 - the king suite! Absolutely fabulous.<br/>The difference in the standard of the room was amazing. <br/><br/>So if you find yourself on the 5th floor, which I was told is due for a refurb, ask for another room. It will really change your opinion of this hotel. \<br/>Otherwise all the staff were very helpful and friendly, especially the obviously more senior front of house staff. <br/>The hotel is close to everything and if, like us, you over-do the walking, the metro stop is only 2 blocks. There are lost of restaurants and bars close by, and a 'fedex kinkos' just around the corner where you can get internet access (next to the post office).<br/><br/>Don't let the odd poor room spoil this otherwise great hotel.<br/> 
6166441	 The title says it all. So far, I've spent 45 minutes with my credit card company trying to fix their mess. When I called, they didn't even apologize -- they just told me to call back later and speak to accounting. I guess overcharging by $6,000 doesn't merit an apology.<br/> 
5986144	 Courteous staff, but not recommended for the business traveler. Free internet, but no printing facility. Old, musty, dirty feel of an old aprtment building that had been converted into a hotel. Rooms were passable, but dirty in places. Carpet worn. Lack of attention to detail.<br/><br/>If you're traveling for business, you can do much better.<br/> 
5928015	 This is a very old hotel that has been converted, I suppose.<br/>The outside looks very charming.<br/>The inside is one of those old, TINY elevators with the gated sliding door. You have to wait for someone to take you up, you can't just push the button and go.<br/>The rooms are painted over and over and did I say over?<br/>The carpet is kind of yucky.<br/>The bathroom was pretty modern. The bed was comfortable. The room was very small and there are no full length mirrors.<br/>My biggest issue was traveling alone, there is no deadbolt on the door. (Also each hotel room door has a swinging door).<br/>Alll I could think of was this is the type of hotel you go to die.<br/>I switched the next morning.<br/> 
5776395	 My daughter and I could only stay one night in this wonderful hotel. Had I known how delightful it was I would have stayed over in DC longer. From the moment we arrived until the time we left we loved our time here. Nothing was too much trouble for the delightful staff, each and every one are so polite and helpful, and their smiles make you feel welcome. Our room was so comfortable and clean, the beds heavenly after a six night NY stay on a lumpy bed. The shower was clean, well appointed and spacious.<br/>Thankyou Hotel Lombardy, we are back in Australia after 14 days running from place to place, and your hotel was the highlight of our accommodation.<br/><br/> 
5768949	 I stayed at the Hotel Lombardy for four nights in July whilst visiting DC on business. The accommodation was arranged by an organisation I was working with at that time, and I was delighted with their selection. I had to return to DC for a further three weeks in August and this time I organised my own accommodation. The Lombardy was always going to be my first choice in Washington.<br/><br/>While it's an older, renovated property with the associated quirks that brings, it has a class and charm that one simply doesn't find in most of the large hotel chains. I was very pleased with the friendliness of the staff who were always helpful and courteous. The meals in Cafe Lombardy are good and the bar in the Venetian Room has real atmosphere. With some really cool jazz being played in the background, it’s a great place to relax with a quiet beer in the evening. The rooms are generally well appointed, very comfortable and quite luxurious. I also found that the room rates were very competitive.<br/><br/>I travel a lot and although I have stayed in slightly better, more modern and well appointed establishments, the Hotel Lombardy is up there with the best as an all-round great hotel. It was a delight to stay there for three weeks on business and it really felt like a home-away-from-home. There’s no doubt about it, given half a chance, I'll be back.<br/> 
164721144	 Unbelieve room and service. Felt like a queen. Our room was like a luxury apartment. We could walk to so many things and it was east access to metro. The food was super. Are every need was met. We used every amenity provided. 
164586191	 This is not your regular large chain hotels and I must admit was a break from them. I get so tired of seeing the same hotels in every city and town in the US. It is an older hotel with authentic architectural and furnishings. It is located on Pennsylvania Ave. and is in walking distance to most all attractions. The attention to service is beyond any I have stayed at. Cost is very reasonable. The night before, I stayed at the Residence Inn and this hotel was much better and half the price. If I were to travel to Washington DC again, this would be my #1 pick. 
164431748	 I loved this hotel.<br/><br/>I loved my room 1013. It is on a corner, has windows on 2 sides including a window in the bathroom. It had a small desk, would would have been a terrific place to write letters, if I had stayed longer than one night.<br/><br/>It was clean. It was small but I did not feel cramped.<br/><br/>What a concept: A window in the bathroom, which really opens, with a pristine clean windowsill (all the windowsills and windows were clean), so that you can passively freshen up your bathroom and your entire space with a crossdraft, instead of depending on a noisy, energy-wasting fan. Opening the window did not expose the guest to anything gross or dusty.<br/><br/>The staircase was clean and old-school, steep like they used to make them, painted concrete, a simple, inviting place for one who wants their cardio exercise.<br/><br/>The staff were considerate without being obsequious. They were very professional. They know the area; they gave specific instructions on how to take Metro (the subway) to Union Station. They said exactly how to walk there from the hotel, and warned me to go to Farragut North Metro Station, not Farragut West.<br/><br/>Breakfast at the hotel restaurant was a pleasure. The waiter was attentive without being excessively so. He picked up immediately that I wanted water without ice and remembered this. The eggs benedict were delicious.<br/><br/>I ordered and received a coffee. Then I saw cappuccino on the menu; I requested to change to that. He got me a cappuccino instead and didn't charge for the coffee.<br/><br/>I ate dinner at Founding Farmers, 1.5 blocks away. At 10:10 pm, it was busy (this is a good sign); I waited at the bar 30 minutes for a table. It would have been possible to eat at the bar, as the people on both sides were doing. They were happy to tell me about their meals, so that by the time I got my table I knew what I wanted. On one side of my table, the guests spoke Spanish (and a waiter served them who spoke fluent Spanish); on the other side, the guests spoke French.<br/><br/>For less-expensive fare: Whole Foods (with a deli) is about 3 blocks away, busy, apparently frequented by George Washington University, with a fast-moving double line of people waiting to check out and about 5 checkstands in operation. I think it closes at 10pm Fridays.<br/><br/>A reviewer complained of noise. I did hear my neighbors speaking one evening. This was not a problem.<br/><br/>If you like to walk: It took just under an hour to walk from Union Station to Hotel Lombardy, carrying light baggage. The walk takes you past the White House.<br/><br/>One tiny limitation: The cappuccino came with the best of intentions, but I suspected that the waiter was not trained as a barista. It appeared to be an espresso with a generous amount---over a centimeter--of whipped milk froth on top. At any rate, it was different from any cappuccino I have had. It did not have the customary swirl of steamed milk. The coffee itself did not appear to be a combination of milk and coffee, but rather just to be espresso. 
164354274	 I usually stay at a bigger chain hotel here in DC for points. However this week it was sold out. I came across this hotel through my Amex travel service. I'm impressed. It's so quiet, clean and full of amenities I am a bit amazed. I have a kitchenette, a fully stocked mini bar, a very clean and cute bathroom as well as a makeup area designated by the closet (which has fresh robes). There is even in-room massage available. I'm coming back - who needs the points when this cute place has such a better experience ?!? 
164310678	 The hotel isn't prominently marked so it made finding it tricky. Parking around the hotel was limited, though they offer valet service for $42/day including taxes (ouch). However, all that said, it is a beautiful hotel. Quaint and really does remind me of a more European-style hotel, Rooms were smaller but still perfectly spacious and quite comfortable. A fridge in the room was nice. The hotel is close to the Metro and multiple restaurants including Starbucks for the morning. It was extremely quiet and we even faced a busy Pennsylvania Avenue but couldn't hear the traffic in our room with exception of a siren here and there. The staff was extremely polite, friendly, and helpful. I would love to stay in this place again and hope that we have an opportunity to do so soon. Highly recommend! 
164015901	 My family stayed here for 4 nights, splitting them 2 &amp; 2 while we went to NYC a few days in between. The hotel is lovely &amp; easy to get to from the Foggy Bottom metro stop. There is another stop very close too; just can't recall the name. Nearby, there is a Whole Foods, where we frequently stopped in for snacks, fruit, &amp; milk. There's also a CVS across the street, plus several other cafes &amp; restaurants. We enjoyed a few quick meals at Roti's &amp; a nearby Corner Bakery for breakfast a few times. It's also an easy walk to the White House. <br/><br/>As to the hotel itself, we loved our rooms! The beds were incredibly comfortable &amp; the rooms are quite charming. The alcove area with the kitchenette is so useful &amp; it was great to have that space with the table &amp; chairs, plus a refrigerator. Another alcove has the closet &amp; a little mirrored dressing table &amp; then the bathroom. Everything had a good placement in the room &amp; we were very comfortable here. The rooms were always clean as well. Staff is friendly &amp; helpful. We highly recommend this hotel if you're in DC. 
171635483	 Our 3 nights in this boutique hotel were made really special with the suite we had chosen. The price was excellent for a city hotel. We are not prone to booking anything other than rooms! The space felt you were in an apartment rather Than an hotel. The furnishings were comfortable and I would recommend splashing the cash on this if you can. There is even a small kitchenette which we had been unaware of. There is a bus that takes you to the trolley tour loop start. The proximity to the Whitehouse is easy walking distance and therefore makes a great base for sight seeing. The staff were friendly and helpful. The restaurant is small but we enjoyed a meal there nonetheless. There are several other places nearby to eat. A lovely, distinctive boutique hotel. 
171540301	 The great location of this hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue enabled us to walk to the White House, Lincoln Memorial and surrounding attractions. The area was also well served by the subway. The staff were friendly and the room was very spacious, clean, and air conditioned. There was a separate kitchenette with a fridge, sink, table, and chairs (useful if you want to order in for dinner as we did one night). We also received two bottles of water every evening. The hotel, although not shiny and modern, had a definite character, class, and ambiance which can be lacking in run of the mill chain hotels. The rate was good for the area. We also had a street view from our front facing room. I enjoyed my stay here and would return again. 
171397719	 This is not a Marriott hotel. It is a quirky, boutique hotel -- and a wonderful one (if you like unique hotels). It is in a great location -- just a few blocks from the White House and three metro stations, in Foggy Bottom. There are great restaurants nearby (fantastic Thai on the next block), in addition to a convenient CVS. My room was amazing. Very luxurious -- it had a separate kitchenette with dining table (fridge and sink) and a separate dressing room -- all for a very low rate. It is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in. The hotel itself is a little odd. It has one of the smallest elevators I've ever seen, as well as shuttered doors in front of room doors. There is an expensive, but convenient cafe on the main floor. The service was a little weird in that two of the four days that we stayed there wasn't any service to the room (no one made the beds, etc) and we were gone from 8:00am until 5:00pm. They did come by after and ask if we wanted service, but we just wanted some quiet time before going out to dinner. Would I stay again? Absolutely. This place is a keeper, as long as you don't want generic comfort. 
171337354	 I often see this hotel when I work in my DC office which is about 2 blocks away. I had occasion to spend a few nights in the city for a business meeting and decided to stay at the Lombardy.<br/>The check in was smooth- the valet/ bellman was very friendly and attentive.<br/>The lobby is non-existant and the front desk is in a tiny room off to the side.<br/>The elevators are very small-- clearly from the 1920's -- and that's fine-- just don't bring big luggage! The hallways are dimly lit and each room door has another louvred door mounted ouside and swinging the opposite way. The key card is touchless- nice; but, the doorknob was stuck and hard to open.<br/>The room is not large- but the bed makes up for it-- it is huge and has about 8 pillows. It is very comfy. The TV doesn't deafult to the usual hotel pay-for-view channel (a plus). Off to the side is a large kitchenette- which is really wasted space. The bathroom is very small- and the hot water kept kicking in and out. The floor is very, very squeaky and the carpet is thin. Despite that the room is very quiet and good for sleep. the HVAC probably needs cleaning as there is a slight musty smell. View from the room-- none, a brick wall 4 inches away.<br/>The bar is ok. It looks like a leftover from a 1940's movie set, long in storage.<br/>I asked for a Manhattan- a very standard cocktail. The bartender said he was out of mint so couldn't make it-- of course there is no mint in the recipe. He then brought it to me- but apologized he was out of sweet vermouth and made it with dry vermouth-- he kept apologizing and said it was a bad drink- but didn't offer to subsitute another or discount the drink. It felt very amateurish.<br/>I was prepared to like this hotel- but sadly, cannot recommend it. 
171167712	 The hotel is conveniently located on the way to the White House, while passing by the World Bank and IMF buildings. The metro is 5 minute walk away, the area was safe for walking at late hours. Our room was excellent, the sun shining through the wooden window shades rendered the place really special for us! Our overall experience was wonderful. 
171078396	 This is our 3rd stay in Hotel Lombardy and stayed for 10 days to celebrate a special family event in Washington DC. We also recommended the hotel to our friends, some 18 people, who were going to attend our event. All was happy with their stay.<br/><br/>We are happy to see the the lifts have been renewed as well. Very happy stay again! 
126973177	 Stayed in a park-view suite, which was so light-filled and large-feeling. It is like a one-bedroom apartment. We did not hear any street noise or hall noise. Nice touches like wooden blinds on 3 windows, light-blocking drapes, good minibar, table and chairs by a window, firm mattress on sleep sofa in living room, bottles of water brought by staff in the evening, Washington Post at door in morning. Staff people were always available in lobby, and always pleasant and helpful. Strongly recommend it for comfort and location and price. 
126828309	 We loved the location of this hotel. Walking distance to so many things but also close to a metro station. The staff was very friendly and helpful, every time we entered and left the building. The rooms were spacious, clean and attractive. Bathroom was clean and shower was great. Nice little kitchenette and breakfast area.<br/>We just stayed one night and we were all saying we wished we could stay another night just to enjoy our hotel more. 
126801565	 Very pleasant, efficient, clean, nice size rooms, reasonable rates, friendly bar/bistro. Great bed and large bathroom, with covered vanity with bend seat for makeup, etc. Also liked the strong shower head! Aveda products -nice touch! Very well-stocked mini-bar, extra wine and candy on shelf, too. Only trouble was hearing heater noises in the night but didn't tell the desk. Courtyard-facing room was quiet all night on St. Patrick's Day! On Penn. Ave about 5 blocks from the White House, but sort of off the Ave. at an angle. Nice area to find pubs, restaurants, coffee, etc. 
126774741	 Amazing rooms, very nice staff, elegant decor, and walking distance to the National Mall. What more could you want? 
126709354	 We arrived at the Hotel Lombardy by car and were immediately greeted by the valet/doorman. We were escorted to the front desk and check-in was quick and smooth. This hotel is very quaint. My only complaint, if I could muster one . . . Is that the walls are a little thin and you maybe able to hear in the next room. We had breakfast at the Cafe Lombardy and it was excellent. Its proximity to everything D.C was a plus. We shopped in Georgetown. Ate in Union Square and even took the Hop on Hop off bus tour. If your looking for a nice hotel....at a reasonable price. You have found it here! Lastly parking, like all D.C. hotels is $40 a night, but the staff, as amiable as they are, we tell you places to park nearby. 
126635056	 I stayed at the Lombardy for one night. It is a classic boutique hotel. Check-in was seamless and I went to my room (210). There is an interesting shuttered door in front of the regular room door which, if you had lots of luggage, might pose a bit of an issue. It's an attractive feature, but had no practical value that I could see.<br/><br/>The room was average in size, with a small kitchenette and small closet area. The bathroom was clean and functional. Wifi was good and strong.<br/><br/>DIrectly out my window was an office building, no more than 20 feet away. It was a little odd walking into the room and seeing people so close. Drapes were quickly pulled. For the most part, the room was very quiet. I did notice some floor noises from above in the morning, and the door rattled a bit as well, which to some may be disconcerting since it could be interpreted as someone trying to get in.<br/><br/>Water pressure in the shower was good, shower head good, and toiletries as expected. A paper was delivered early (before 6:30) and I ate breakfast in the small dining area. Bagel ($6) and tea ($4). I guess that's reasonable.<br/><br/>I'd stay there again. It was a 10 minute walk to the Lincoln Memorial and less than five minutes to GW University. Staff was polite and efficient. 
208942330	 Short stay for family event and was very pleased with the room. The King bed and multiple pillows were so comfortable. The airconditioning was preset and the ceiling fan gave a bit more comfort for an even temperature of 69. The room had separate minikitchen area with refrigerator, sink and coffee pot. Bar and snack items in room for additional charge. All the staff were pleasant and attentive. They really seemed to enjoy their job and meeting people. The hotel is within walking distance to many local restaurants and attractions. I would stay there again and thought it was a very welcoming atmosphere. 
208931047	 The Hotel Lombardy on Pennsylvania Ave just a few blocks from the White House is ideally situated and within walking distance of downtown, Georgetown and The Kennedy Centre. It is also convenient to a subway station and is a pickup point for the hop-on/hop-off bus. Apart from the exquisite bistro style cuisine of the Café Lombardy, there are also several other excellent restaurants nearby. The stylish, eloquent ambience and warm hospitality of this European style hotel combine to offer a most comfortable stay. We had a superior king room with original art, fine furnishings, oriental carpets and exquisite linens and fabrics. The large comfortable room also featured a separate dressing room with dressing table, large bath,, dining area and a stainless wet bar. Complimentary newspaper and Wi-Fi as well as the usual amenities such as bathrobes, coffee maker and in room safe combined with on site fitness room and off site private pool access all combine to make this a wonderful choice for a stay in DC either for business or pleasure. 
208784122	 We are staying here for a week( (3 days in so far) with my husband and 2 kids (ages 14 and 11). Yes, the rooms are more in line with European scale...so smaller than most Americans my be used to. But, the rooms are clean, comfortable and more than adequate for our needs. We had a room (408) that had a separate kitchenette area and it was really nice to have that given the length of our stay. All of the staff are friendly, professional and more than accommodating. <br/><br/>You can't beat the location. It is an easy walking distance to the White House, the mall, and a metro station (orange and blue. <br/><br/>There are many restaurants nearby of varying price scales. Found a good, cheap ( but good ) couple of places for both breakfast and dinner. Be rue and have at least one dinner t the hotel. The food is good, prices reasonable...and it is worth it just to be able to have your food served by Mohammed. 
208121120	 We had a two day meeting at the Lombardy. Hotel is on I Street not Pennsylvania as advertised. Sleeping Rooms were nice but noise outside Hotel woke us up both mornings at 6:30 am. The air conditioning in the meeting rooms either had us sweating or freezing. Good restaurants within walking distant of hotel. For a boutique hotel, it was good but not great. 
208074207	 Stayed for a week while on business without question a great location in the heart of it all and convenient to Whole Foods, CVS and a few other local spots for supplies. The staff was very friendly and attentive but the rooms are stuck in a bit of a time warp to the 1930's and need a significant overhaul. My bathtub had rust spots and the toliet ran all the time. Room was large but lacked any warmth to it. The old lady needs a makeover but I still recommend it if you need to be within walking distance to many downtown office spots. 
207748478	 We stayed in a suite for a wedding and had a great time. It is a city boutique hotel: stop in the street, unload on the sidewalk and carry it up a few steps to a tiny elevator. <br/>However, the location is good, the rate was good and there is a small cafe for food. Sure the rooms are a little dated and have a strange layout but it was quiet. <br/>The staff was also nice. We needed to microwave baby bottles and they gladly did it in the kitchen. <br/>Valet parking was $37/day. <br/>I'd stay there again. 
18692048	 Unless you find hand-operated small elevators and traditional (but dark) decor quaint, do not stay here unless you get a deal of $100 or less per night. The location and the price are the hotel's biggest advantages, and rooms do have a small alcove-type kitchen. The negatives: small, old bathrooms with tubs that don't drain, limited TV choices, elevators that only fit a couple of people if they have luggage, no one to help with cabs after business hours, limited and spotty room service (esp for breakfast) and dark, low-ceiling hallways and bar. I would be willing to pay more for modern conveniences and a slightly less desirable location. 
18154005	 The Hotel Lombardy is an adorable older hotel. The front desk staff are from a different planet than the rest of the staff.<br/><br/>The front desk staff weren't very attentive but everyone else went the extra five miles to make me happy and comfortable. <br/><br/>The rooms where clean and roomy if not a little quirky,<br/><br/>The housekeeping is some of the best I've ever seen. I forgot to leave a tip and will send them a check... it was that good.<br/><br/>The bar and the bartender are great not just for a hotel bar, but just as a DC bar.<br/><br/>I stayed a week and was surprised at the great customer service regardless of time of day or day of week.<br/><br/>In spite of being an older building the AC worked great in the middle of a DC heat wave.<br/>This is a great hotel and one that I'll use again in the future. 
18114304	 This is a little gem, in a great location. We had a very spacious suite at a very reasonable price too .If you are not in a hurry, the antiquated lifts wont bother you at all. Have a delicious Italian dinner at the Primi Piatti restaurant right next door. 
17958515	 16-07-08<br/><br/>Just had four nights at the Lombardy, and this was our third time staying there. It's a relatively small hotel, but after a slightly nonchalant and rude check-in process, we had no complaints:<br/>- our suite had two double beds (necessary for us and our two children)<br/>- there was a mini-kitchen (with the usual over-priced foodstuffs)<br/>- the beds were very comfortable<br/>- the rooms were well serviced<br/>- we could swim for free at the sister hotel (The Washington Plaza), and they had well-priced happy hours(!)<br/><br/>Why not five stars?<br/>- old-fashioned lifts<br/>- poor TVs (no channel guides, no premium channels)<br/>- slightly dark<br/>- location is okay, but not great 
17875151	 just returned from three nights at the Lombardy. A day before arriving at the hotel, I called with a question and to confirm the reservation, which I made through bookings.com. The Lombardy could not find my reservation. I was a little worried, as I could not reach bookings.com that night to sort it out. But the Lombardy receptionist was very helpful, and it was all taken care of by the time we arrived. We had a lovely room - one of the ones with a kitchen. The a/c was great, bathroom was clean - not spacious but there was plenty of space in the room, with a little dressing area, a makeup table &amp; hairdryer. Good lighting and lots of mirrors. Beds were very comfy. It was definitely a relaxing space to come back to after a strenuous day of sightseeing. All employees were helpful and friendly. The elevator situation was odd, but interesting, and we did take the stairs a lot. We had breakfast at the hotel twice and that was a good experience as well. <br/><br/>One thing to note - this is primarily a business area, and there was not a grocery store nearby plus many of the coffee shops closed Sat &amp; Sun. But it was a great location for sightseeing - about a 15 min walk from Washington Monument. A great location for transport too. Besides the metro, the 32 or 36 buses take you directly to the archives &amp; mall by the national gallery. They also go to Georgetown, which is about a 15-20 min walk. <br/><br/>For breakfast or lunch, Bread Line was a great spot on Pennsylvania Ave just five min towards the White House (across from World Bank Shop). Great sandwiches &amp; salads at lunch. <br/><br/>We took the All About Town night time tour (reception had brochure) and it was a great way to see all the monuments. They even pick you up at the hotel. <br/><br/>All in all a very pleasant experience. I would highly recommend the hotel. 
17654708	 The hotel was great. The staff was friendly and the room was clean, comfy and really enjoyable. The rates were very inexpensive comparatively and we felt we got a screaming deal. The only thing that we would change would be to have a business center. There is a FedEx/Kinkos a block away and we just used that. The hotel is in a great location by Metro stops and within walking distance of The White House. There aren't loads of dining in the area, but if you wander you can find some good places. It was really a great stay. The elevators made it unique and fun. Definitely consider this hotel. 
183278987	 A hotel that feels more like home! We stayed at Hotel Lombardy in May and it simply is a quaint, clean hotel that has a classic feel in its fixtures and furnishings. Upon arrival the staff was courteous and welcoming. We were in town for a wedding and conveniently it was right next door. The room was clean and comfortable with a small kitchenette and a separate eating area which was a welcome surprise since we had a 9 month old with us. We had asked for a crib and it was quickly brought to our room. One of the best things about this hotel is its location---It's close by many DC area attractions and nice restaurants--- wait there's another huge plus--- it's much more reasonable in price than most hotels in the Nations Capitol. I've stayed in some of the best hotels in the country and while Hotel Lombardy does not offer all those high priced flashy extras ...if you are OK with boutique hotels you will appreciate its cozy, vintage feel.<br/>Hotel Lombardy is a great choice for single travelers, couples and even couples with very young children. 
183100227	 When arriving the staff was extremely friendly, polite and accommodating. I brought my daughter and 4 grandkids (2 rooms). The rooms were very nostalgic to me (wish I loved). The beds were so comfortable and the drapes did not allow any light in for sleeping late. I have already recommended this hotel to family and friends. 
183012031	 We came from Finland and spent lovely time in this beautiful hotel. The location was perfect, the staff were friendly and helpful, rooms were clean, food was excellent. We have nothing negative to say.<br/>Big thank! 
182962616	 We celebrated my parents’ 40th anniversary at the Hotel Lombardy. We are local to the Washington area but wanted to get our parents a suite as well as a really nice dinner. The Hotel Lombardy came through, as usual. Last year, we booked a suite for my mother’s birthday and she loved it so we figured we would keep to a good thing and do something similar for the anniversary celebration. On both occasions, we had a mini fridge located in a separate kitchenette type area. There isn’t a stove but everything else is there (therefore they do not advertise it a true kitchenette). For appetizers, wine, champagne, and cake it was just perfect! The living room was plenty big for the five of us and the bedroom was very clean and cozy. Ample closet space and the entry hallway made this feel like a true home away from home. <br/><br/>The restaurant, located on the first floor was fabulous. It was cold outside and they had the fire lit which was added to the homey feeling this hotel exudes. Our server was attentive and each of our meals were cooked as requested. Again, it can be a little tough pleasing Mom – especially when it comes to restaurants. I’ll tell you this is one of very few which gets her stamp of approval! <br/><br/>Both times I have been in the hotel rooms, they have faced Pennsylvania Avenue. Initially, I was concerned about the noise outside but aside from the occasional ambulance siren, we heard nothing at all! This hotel is conveniently located to the Metro as well as other nearby sites if you are visiting from out of town. It’s a hotel we as a family recommend to others and plan on using again and again based on the quality of service and experiences we had over the past few years. 
182917910	 We ended up staying here because a conference was in town and all our &quot;regular&quot; hotels were booked. You can't beat the location. The rooms are nice (although the doors are a little tricky to open and a bit disorienting at first with the outer &quot;screen&quot; door). Fast, efficient service. A nice, personalized feel. Considering the service and rooms, the rate was great! I'd definitely stay there again. 
182887413	 This is a very old building but very well renovated. The room I got was little small but I was on business trip and was alone. Overall good experience but the room could be cheaper. The bed was good and very relaxing.<br/> 
157645693	 I will say that for the price and location you really can't beat it. Super close to the Foggy Bottom Metro and right across the street from Founding Farmers, Paul and some other awesome eats. <br/><br/>The lobby is really non existent, which is fine however the staff wasn't really present. The elevator is extremely small. Seriously-if you have any issues with tight spaces it might be an issue. It wasn't for us, but I could not have taken my mother. <br/><br/>The room was extremely spacious, the bed comfy and the bathroom was really nice. This location is on the historic hotel list and it shows not only in the character of the room but nothing matches or has a theme. It reminds me of a guest room at someones house with hodge-podge furniture. Not trying to sound snotty-just want people to understand the feel. The electrical plugs are very, very sparse. Please advise if you have lots of tech devices. 
157418352	 I stayed at the Lombardy for 3 nights over St Patrick's Day and the location of the hotel was great. I was there for business, but had plenty of free time to see the sights and the hotel was ideally situated for both the business side and the tourist side.<br/><br/>It was only about a 5 minute walk to the nearest subway station (Foggy Bottom GWU) and a 10-15 minute walk to the Whitehouse. I also had no problem getting a taxi from outside the hotel.<br/><br/>Service at the hotel was great and check-in was quick and staff were very helpful. <br/><br/>The room was a bit small, but that suited me as I was on my own. The room was spotless for the duration of my stay. The bed was very comfortable and there was a great choice of TV channels (which was great for me as a sports fan). The only issue with the room was that the air-con unit was very noisy and every now and then for 5-10 minutes made a noise and then cut off again.<br/><br/>I had breakfast at the hotel on two mornings and I have to say it was one of the nicest breakfasts that I have had at a hotel. I would highly recommend the eggs benedict with smoked bacon. It was very good.<br/><br/>I was staying with work and there didn't have to pay myself, but think the room and breakfast was around £220 per night.<br/><br/>If I go back to Washington, I would definitely look at staying at the Lombardy. 
157354570	 Stayed at this hotel in March on our first visit to DC - and what a great choice it was!<br/>The location was perfect for sightseeing as everything was within easy walking distance.The room was comfortable,clean and for us a perfect size.<br/>The only real issue I had was at check in where I felt the staff were not really welcoming - they were efficient but lacked that personal touch!<br/>Other than that the rest of the staff were brilliant!<br/>It's a really nice hotel, great location reasonably priced and when I return to visit DC will be my first choice for accommodation:-) 
157313431	 Hotel Lombardy is in the Foggy Bottom district and part of the Historic Hotels of America. The location is perfect, as is the price. Most everything is within walking distance or via public transportation. The staff is lovely and welcoming. Service is superb. Rooms were impeccably clean, nicely decorated and the beds are extremely comfortable. You'd be hard pressed to find a better hotel for the price, especially in that area. <br/><br/>We were literally a few blocks from the White House, GWU and many other sights. If you like to walk Georgetown isn't far either. We got our daily run in on the C&amp;O trail nearby. Wonderful to be in such an amazing city and still be close enough to experience woodland trails. <br/><br/>We flew into Ronald Reagan Airport and rode the metro into downtown. The closest Metro stop is Foggy Bottom/GWU - blue/orange lines....which is literally a couple blocks from the hotel.<br/><br/>There are plenty of restaurants in the area and a Whole Foods Market. Doesn't get much better than that! <br/><br/>Loved this place and will definitely be back in the future. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone! 
157299820	 Very helpful staff. Great central location to all the sights. Whole Foods a couple of blocks away. Numerous restaurants close by. Close to metro and bus stop. Room was comfortable and had a small kitchenette. The bar was a great spot to enjoy a drink after a busy day of sightseeing. 
157107258	 My wife and I stayed for 3 nights at the Hotel Lombardy, and in word, our stay was: marvelous! The experience really exceeded our expectations. The Lombardy has a quiet elegance that you just don’t get with the ultra modern hotels that are all glass and steel. Our room (a ‘city view’ suite) was a nice size, with a small kitchenette in an adjacent area. The room was clean and the bathroom was spotless, with an old-school charm. The bed was very comfy, with super poofy pillows -- actually a bit too poofy for us, but not a major problem. There is also an in-room safe which is handy for securing any valuables, for extra peace of mind.<br/><br/>The hotel’s location is great, at the edge of an area called ‘Foggy Bottom’ right near George Washington Univ. You’re 5 blocks from the White House and within walking distance of the National Mall, museums, and the magnificent monuments. Lots of good restaurants nearby (try Hank’s Oyster Bar…dee-lish!), and the Metro is within an easy walk. You can also walk to the charming DuPont Circle area -- perhaps a 15-20 minute walk (we love to walk and never took a taxi anywhere). <br/><br/>I recommend paying a bit more to book a ‘city view’ room; otherwise your view may be of a wall. We had a splendid view from the ninth floor, overlooking Monroe Park and some quaint rowhouses beyond. I also suggest you request a room on a higher floor, as there were trucks (perhaps garbage trucks?) that were fairly noisy in the middle of the night with their back-up beeps and all. If you’re on a higher floor it’s much less disruptive.<br/><br/>The staff was great – cordial and accommodating. They even brought up 2 bottles of fresh water each evening. The room price was right too – much less expensive than many other DC hotels we researched. Another guest who had stayed at the Lombardy many times before spoke highly of his previous experiences. We didn’t eat at the hotel restaurant, although we spoke with some guests who had just eaten there and were very pleased. In conclusion, we LOVED our stay at the Hotel Lombardy; we plan to visit D.C. regularly, as our daughter works there. The Lombardy will be our ‘go-to’ choice! 
113477702	 The location of this hotel is terrific. Right on the edge of George Washington University, just a few short blocks from the Kennedy Center, Lincoln Memorial, and White House. Farragut subway stops are just a block or so away.<br/><br/>As this is a small older historic boutique hotel, the rooms are small. Sound proofing between rooms and floors leaves something to be desired, but we were lucky in that we had quiet neighbors. At one point during the night I heard what I thought were footsteps in the room, but it was the room above us.<br/><br/>The staff was a mixed bag. Doormen could not have been nicer and friendlier, but the desk clerks were not as welcoming - almost to the point where they seemed like they could not be bothered to muster up the energy to glance up. <br/><br/>No ice machines, so we had to request ice be sent up via room service. It took three calls and over an hour to get ice delivered to the room.<br/><br/>The rooms were very clean and very well maintained. Comfortable pillows and beds. Great selection of TV channels. Internet access was very hit or miss. No view from the windows other than an office building right across the alley.<br/><br/>Some of the furnitiure in the room was in poor condition. See photo attached which shows the converted chest of drawers (missing the drawer) that was converted into a bar / refrigerator area. 
113456738	 We loved everything about Hotel Lombardy. We spent one weekend night at the hotel for our 20th wedding anniversary. This lovely boutique hotel resembles my favorite small hotel in Paris, and nothing about it failed to impress.<br/><br/>I made a mistake with the booking and we showed up one day late. The front desk staff was very kind about it and arranged to reverse the charge for the previous night.<br/><br/>We enjoyed a light breakfast while we waited for our room, and had dinner at the hotel the next night. The food was amazing, and the service was even better. We were too tired to enjoy the comfortable lounge and bar at the back of the hotel, but will save that for next time. We stopped in to chat with the bartender, and when we asked him what time he closed, his reply was, &quot;after you are ready to leave.&quot; Everything about the hotel, and in particular the staff, made us feel special.<br/><br/>Our room was so charming we almost did not want to leave to see the sights. When we did venture out, the White House and monuments were an easy 20 minute walk. The next morning we went the other direction and took a stroll to DuPont Circle for coffee. Surrounding brownstones in this neighborhood are lovely. Next time we will rent bicycles from the stand next to the parking garage, a great way to get around DC.<br/><br/>We parked in the garage across the street for $20, for a 24 hour stay. Our room at Hotel Lombardy was $109, booked through Priceline. Dinner at the hotel restaurant was $150 for two entrees, a shared appetizer, a bottle of wine and a 20% tip. Don't forget to tip the doorman and the maid!<br/><br/>We will definitely return to Hotel Lombardy, and have already recommended it to friends. 
113104362	 I tend to travel solo therefore its even more imperative I stay in a hotel that is going to make me feel safe, welcome, and comfortable. I use Trip Advisor to do my research before booking anything - after 2 weeks of research, I always found my way back to Hotel Lombardy. <br/><br/>The weekend rates were exceptional due to it being a business district, therefore not many business travelers. The location seemed central to everything I wanted to do. When I finally got there, the hotel to my delight exceeded my expectations - let me break it down to what matters:<br/><br/>The staff was very kind and attentive (I tend to not mind if the staff is helpful or not because I can navigate myself) so its always a plus when they are helpful and kind. <br/><br/>The room was clean, the bed was luxurious with the key detail of white sheets and white bedspread. (I prefer to never stay in rooms with colors/prints because I cant detect stains, bedbugs...) The temperature was cool - the decor was pleasing. I didn't have any view but for the price, I wasn't expecting one. I received turn down service and complimentary water. <br/><br/>Location was also very good. Please remember, its a business district, so the surrounding streets are not bustling on the weekend- but what is important is that it's only a few minutes to walk to the metro and only a 10 minute walk to the White House. <br/><br/>I never tried the restaurant so I cannot comment on that. <br/><br/>Therefore, if you are on the fence to whether or not to book a room at the Hotel Lombardy, I hope my review guides you properly. 
112953043	 The hotel had a great location about 4 blocks from the White House and 2 blocks from the Metro. We had a suite for 4 of use. The bed was great. The hide-a-bed worked well for our grandkids. Very large hotel rooms with good service. It is an older hotel and small by standards of today but very nice. Problems were that the AC did not work properly the first night, the battery on the door lock went out so we could not get in our room and the stopper in the bathtub malfuntioned. Each item was corrected in a timely manner. The hotel resturant was a little pricey for us with 2 grandkids, but within 2 blocks is a Subway, Johnnie Rockets and other less expensive choices. All in all my wife and I have made 4 trips to DC and will stay there again if we can. 
112928594	 We've stayed here several times, and it's become one of our favorite hotels. The staff is wonderfully friendly, the location is perfect for walking to a lot of great destinations (or to public transportation), and the facility is meticulously maintained. Some rooms are a little oddly configured, but they're always comfortable and clean. 
112207056	 Thoroughly enjoyed our two night stay at the Hotel Lombardy last month - everyone on the staff was extremely pleasant, friendly, and helpful, and that, to me, is one of the most memorable features of a hotel experience. The building is old, and has a certain charm and warmth that the big chains don't possess. Our room was unique and roomy, and we felt right at home! We had a small separate room with a kitchenette, and a little dressing table area next to the bathroom which was a nice touch. Beds were comfy and the hotel was quiet, despite being full. The location was awesome - could walk to the DuPont Circle area ( which we did, several times), the White House, the Lincoln Memorial end of the National Mall, etc. <br/>Would definitely stay there again! 
20784021	 I read a lot of reviews for Hotel Lombardy and found them ALL to be true. The hotel has old-world charm, friendly staff, and good coffee. However, the elevator is worse than you can imagine, and there are 11 floors, so you might not be able to avoid using it. It is not just &quot;quaint.&quot; You won't like it. We originally asked for a room that was quiet and not near the elevator shaft, however, the room they gave us was just across from the elevator on the 11th floor where we were awakened constantly by the noise of the elevator gears. We also heard the 4:30-5:30 garbage collection mentioned by another reviewer. On the second day, we asked for a room change to get away from the elevator noise and also asked for a lower floor so we could avoid using the elevator. That was a big improvement! Don't expect a view. Most rooms look out on an air shaft shaired by an office building. Location is good but distances to attractions posted on hotel website are not correct. All in all, it's pricey but o.k. if you can avoid the elevator. 
20779590	 I was booked into this hotel recently for a government meeting. There was lots to like. The hotel is a short walk from the Foggy Bottom Metro station, avoiding those high cab fees. It is located in downtown DC, close to many places to dine. It's a very old hotel, on the register of historic places, and although the rooms are small, they are furnished with antique pieces and have high ceilings with fans. The elevators are ancient and require an employee to operate, but the staff are very attentive. My bed was very comfortable, bathroom is small but the shower was excellent, and little touches like a bathrobe, chocolates on the pillow at night, and a small in-room refrigerator were nice. Lombardy offers free wireless internet; the connection was sometimes shaky but mostly OK. Lunch for our meeting was expensive but good food. Minor negatives included an old TV with no remote control, no full-length mirror, a broken doorknob on the bathroom.........but overall I would stay here again. 
20290454	 My husband and I just returned from a 9 day vacation in the nation's capital. The Hotel Lombardy lived up to it's reputation and more. I'd say it was well worth the $1845 we paid for our entire stay. The staff is very friendly and the hotel has definitely has old world charm. A kind of a warm and fuzzy &quot;Casablanca&quot; feel. Although the rooms are small (boutique-like) the updated bathroom is large and the water pressure excellent, when compared to other newer and fancier hotels. The Bath &amp; Body Works products provided were an added bonus. We had a back room on the 4th floor. Given the hotel's old style elevator, we decided it was faster to take the stairs rather than wait. So, we definitely got our exercise too. Conveniently located in the heart of DC's business district and only two blocks from the Metro's Farragut West Station, we were able to see the entire city either on foot or by subway, both day and night. We had a wonderful time and would love to stay at Hotel Lombardy on our next visit. 
20159823	 I just loved the Lombardy!<br/>The location is great, very close to the White House and to the George Washington University area.<br/>The staff was very helpfull, the room was the cleanest, very comfort bed, big TV.... Just great for business and tourism trips. 
19777185	 We stayed here for 5 nights. About 3 blocks from the Orange/Blue lines and 5 blocks from the Red line in a business district. Very convenient. There's a Starbucks a block away and many small restaurants in a two-block radius.<br/><br/>Stately hotel. Many classics (read nice, not tacky) about it. Love the trim around the hotel room entry ways and antiques in the halls. Bathrooms are huge and clean (nice white tile, bright with natural light, even has a make-up seating area). Has a small in-room fridge. Actual room is a decent size. The Euro king bed takes up alot of room, but it's a plush bed with nice bedding. 
19129500	 This hotel was a great location to get to the Legg Mason tennis match held in Rock Creek Park. Two metro stops were close by and in well populated areas. The bellstaff / elevator operators were most friendly and we never had to wait. After reading all the reviews I would have to agree with others that the hotel is older and the view of the office building is not great but this property is historical and a nice change from the chain hotels.<br/>I was traveling with my 80+ yr old mother.... a former elevator operator herself and she just had a ball at the hotel.The beds were comfortable and the small breakfast/kitchenette we used daily to enjoy pastries purchased from Au Pain bakery in the 2000 Penn building across the park. There are lots of choices for dining nearby reasonably priced. Map quest before you go.<br/>Try the DC circulator bus and stay on to go from hotel to georgetown and union station... can't beat the ride for 1 dollar.<br/>For the weekday vacationing traveler this is a good location and value but the area is quite sparce for dining on the weekends. 
131822855	 We really enjoyed this hotel. It had lots of character, the rooms were spacious, with all the amenities. Also, the hotel staff was great! But, if you want a shower with any pressure, this is not it. 
131821130	 If you need a charming hotel in a great location, this could be it. However we were slightly disappointed in the service. The 2nd day of our stay we returned to our room about 4 PM after a full day of sightseeing and our room had not been made up. We called 3 times before the maid finally came at 5. The parking is extremely expensive, over $42 with taxes so be prepared. Our room was quite small, tiny bathroom and only 1 chair, but it was a King as we had requested. They also put a &quot;hold&quot; charge on your credit card every day without informing you that they would do so. We were awakened one night by the desk clerk who wanted to know the make of our automobile!! There are several good restaurants within walking distance of the Hotel, especially the Italian restaurant next door. It is a nice boutique hotel, however I am not sure if I would stay there again. 
131757378	 This tiny hotel has rooms with a surprising amount of space. Mine has a tiny kitchen and a nice large bath tub. Service was fine. I had two complaints: The floors creak so extensively that you can hear every movement on the floor above. Also, they have the worst pillows I've ever encountered in the U.S. where hotels are so focused on bed quality. This bed had SIX huge slabs of foam so hard and unbending that your neck is bent at 45º. I asked for a different pillow and received an old, somewhat broken-down foam pillow. Not what I had in mind when I requested a &quot;down pillow&quot;! 
131733398	 We really liked the Hotel Lombardy. It's an old building with lots of character and charm. The elevators are small and slow, but that's the only minus. The hotel is located a few blocks away from the mall and crowds, but only two blocks away from a Metro stop, from which you can go anywhere. The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms are enormous and clean. Ours was on the 9th floor and was very quiet. For the price, you won't do better in D.C. 
131708886	 Excellent location near the White House and the World Bank. You're steps from the nearest Metro and all of DC is at your feet. Meanwhile, your home base is the stylish, sophisticated, and serene Lombardy. Rooms and public spaces are decorated in a mix of traditional and modern furniture. I was upgraded to a suite--it was probably 800 square feet. Other rooms are smaller but accommodating. Very comfortable beds. Dandy restaurant and bar are quiet and cozy. Attentive, friendly, professional service. Breakfast is not included but you're wise to have it at the Lombardy. The prices are not high for the area and the food was tasty and the service on-point. 
131686641	 Pros: central, clean, with Kind personnell;<br/><br/>Cons: the still is a little bit odd (would pretend to be venetian, but it is more oriental); no lounge!; limited choice at breakfast.<br/> 
212471860	 I cannot remember the last time I found a hotel stay so very enjoyable and, thanks to the kind reply to one of the many family members there for a wedding, I will soon be ordering a new set of bedding for my home.<br/><br/>Our crowd monopolized the charming bar of this quaint hotel for several nights. Nathan served each if us our favorite cocktails on return without a repeat order. I was also impressed by Mohammed's impeccable dinner service therein. His 22-year tenure at Hotel Lombardy speaks for itself but it is a joy to see someone who goes &quot;home&quot; when he heads to work.<br/><br/>Many thanks to the entire staff for the kindnesses and accommodations extended to our clan ... it truly enhanced a joyful family weekend together. 
212446592	 I stayed for three nights at this hotel, and enjoyed the stay very much. The room was spacious and well-equipped. The location is very good, close to the White House, IMF and the World Bank. Particularly handy were the rental bikes just around the corner. The only downside was the rather pricey breakfast and the fact that they charged $5 for some cookies, although the price list in the room indicated $4. 
212382179	 We stayed three nights in a one bed suite with our one year old son. The room was huge - separate lounge, bedroom, bath and kitchenette. Lovely older style furniture. The staff were so welcoming - particularly the doormen who helped us up and down the few steps at the entrance each time we came and went. Much appreciated with a baby in a stroller! Great area too, lots of nearby restaurants ranging from chains to upmarket places. Easy walk to the White House and Mall. Would stay here again when I'm back in DC! 
212096103	 I have been a business owner for 37 years and sincerely believe customer service can't be taught. A quality employer recognizes personalities and skills that deliver top notch customer service. My stay at Hotel Lombardy was enjoyable with a beautifully decorated 1920's style room. Front Desk staff immediately upgraded my room when they saw I was in DC for five days. A business lunch at the hotel cafe was the perfect environment when I invited a government official to lunch. A stand out was a young women staffing the day shift at the Front Desk. Catherine greeted me with a smile daily and went above and beyond to take care of my every request. This young lady was thoughtful and professional in every way. It was nice to meet a young professional women that rises above others her age. I am certain her polished and superb customer service skills are not only due to her personality but reflect a &quot;Can do&quot; attitude that every employee has. It is obvious that senior management emphasizes customer service at every level at Hotel Lombardy. I highly recommend Hotel Lombardy especially for business travelers! 
211999903	 Stayed for a wedding and was extremely impressed from the moment we got there. We loved the boutique feel and the very friendly staff. When we got to our room, we were even more pleasantly surprised. The room was very clean and much bigger than we had anticipated! We had a separate kitchenette and breakfast table area as well as a vanity between the bathroom and closet. The bed was very comfortable and we both slept well. The location was also very convenient and concierge helpful with any directions. The Venetian bar was very nice and cozy and the cafe had fantastic omelets. We plan to stay there our next trip to DC! 
211516150	 We stayed here for 3 nights when visiting Washington DC from the UK. We booked a superior room at a special over-60s rate and on arrival were told we had been upgraded to a suite. This turned out to be on the first floor (2nd floor in US terminology) with a nice sitting room at the front of the hotel with a great view across Pennsylvania Avenue; the downside was that the bedroom was at the back, just near the hotel central air conditioning system, making it very noisy at night. From our bathroom we could hear toilets being flushed in rooms higher up, but otherwise there was no other noise from neighbouring rooms. The location is excellent, mid-way between Foggy Bottom and Farragut West metro stations and (if it wasn't too hot and humid) we could walk to all the main sightseeing and restaurant areas. The hotel has a certain old world charm, though service could have been better on occasion, especially at breakfast, which we had twice in the hotel. Overall probably good value for money in what is clearly an expensive city. 
122900711	 This is a lovely space. It fits in perfectly with the heritage of Washington.<br/>The room was spacious, and the bathroom large. We felt right at home with the friendly team at the hotel who seem to be very proud of their hotel.<br/>The location is fantastic - walking distance to so many places.<br/>Two small niggling issues were that the wireless in our room was not working, and that they only provided us with one bathrobe.<br/>We really appreciated the nice coffee that was provided.<br/>The little meeting rooms are also great.<br/>We will definitely stay there again.<br/>I highly recommend this hotel. 
122742089	 The positives- This nice hotel is in a great location- a couple of blocks from the metro and walking distance from drugstores, Starbucks, restaurants and nice neighborhoods to hang out.<br/>The staff is really nice and when we needed something, it was taken care of immediately.<br/><br/>The suite had a very comfortable bed with very clean sheets and blankets. There was plenty of dresser space and closet room.<br/><br/>We had no problem with the shower pressure as described by other reviewers.<br/><br/>We didn't try the restaurants.<br/><br/>The negative: The street noise was bad even on the 7th floor both in the front of the suite facing the street and in the bedroom. Since the hotel is across from University hospital there are sirens at all hours, garbage trucks, honking and even loud voices. Bring your earplugs!<br/><br/>I wish the hotel was more 'green'. The bars of soap were quite large and were replaced every day. I even left a note for the maid not to bother changing them but it was ignored. The towels were also replaced every day. We are used to hotels that ask us to hang towels that don't need to be washed. <br/><br/>I would stay again only if I could be on the top floor. 
122406100	 I booked two rooms for four nights so that we could travel with another couple for New Year's Eve in DC; I only mention this so that I can say that I saw two different rooms. Both rooms were a very nice size and were particularly comfortable. We liked the beds and the bathrooms were large. We had late nights and the rooms had both wooden blinds and thick curtains which helped block out the sun each morning until we were ready to get up for the day.<br/><br/>The Hotel Lombardy is in a great location, just blocks from the Metro (subway) and the White House. We found many close options for food and the area was both clean and safe. The staff (doormen, reception, and housekeeping) was always friendly and helpful whenever they were encountered.<br/><br/>I look forward to staying at Hotel Lombard when we get back to DC. 
122340663	 We absolutely loved this hotel and would recommend it to anyone wanting a lovely place to stay in DC. The location puts you within a very short walk to most major sites, the neighborhood is safe and inviting, and the hotel itself is clean and well-appointed, with very nice decor and an overall luxurious feeling, particularly for the very reasonable price.<br/><br/>In addition to being convenient to tourist sites, it is very close to a drugstore, a Whole Foods, and a number of excellent restaurants. Founding Farmers, right down the street, was our favorite place we ate while in DC--fun atmosphere and reasonably priced.<br/><br/>We will definitely choose this hotel when we return to DC! 
122339312	 Room 1012...again. Larger room (w/king bed) and bathroom than rooms facing Penn Ave and MUCH quieter. Downside - looks out onto an office building (right in their window). Asked for this room as we had it the first time and they honored my request. I LOVE THIS HOTEL. It's within walking distance of the White House, nearest metro we discovered is Farragut West, though we walked everywhere this trip. Also close to our other favorite - Founding Farmers restaurant - use Open Table to make reservations there. Brueggers for breakfast - much cheaper than hotel cafe. &quot;WiFi&quot; iffy at best (I just used my 4G) and they just replaced all their pillows and none of the 6 on our bed were soft and fluffy enough for me! Washington Post delivered to the room every morning. This hotel oozes charm and gives a big bang for your buck. Also, park around the corner in a lot or across Penn Ave under Bertuicci's where it costs a lot less than the valet. 
122259374	 My wife and I met friends for lunch at Cafe Lombardy recently. This small restaurant, just down the street from the White House is just right for a nice lunch with excellent food and outstanding service. We had various appetizers-- an excellent chicken and corn chowder for me and French onion soup for others. In two words, ummmm good. My wife had an eggplant and chicken salad, one friend had a juicy burger,another had chicken pot pie and I had crab cake with sweet corn and salad. We all judged our meals as excellent. Pinot Grigio and Chardonnay were the wines of choice. No space left for anything but coffee. <br/><br/>You should know, this place is pricey and if you decide to have more than one glass of wine, consider buying a bottle. <br/><br/>But we will be back since in past times my wife and I would meet here for breakfast--she loves their Eggs Benedict with Lox. <br/><br/>Was forced to rate the room although we did not stay there. <br/> 
118032775	 The Lombardy Hotel is pretty good looking. Since the hotel is old, this is not really soundproof, so you may hear some noise from the other rooms, but it's not that disturbing. The room was pretty nice and big. Bad part is that the high-res LCD TV only has a normal cable provider, so what's the point of having a LCD TV if there is no HD source. Also, I was suppose to have a kind bed room but I had a double bed room. The hotel has a small restaurant at the entrance, but it's a bit expensive and doesn't worth it. <br/><br/>Best thing about this hotel is the location: 5 mins by walking to the Foggy Bottom metro (red and blue line). The Farragut North station (red line) is also close by walking. The White House is reachable easily by walking.<br/><br/>The hotel has a wifi access in each room (the connection from an iphone is not so easy since the application wasn't done for mobile phone). 
118026768	 Hotel Lombardy is, as noted, an older hotel. With an older hotel one should expect certain limitations; a flight or two of stairs to walk up, an elevator that only holds 4 people, oddly configured rooms. None of this should interfere with your stay. Our room was a double, very large with a small &quot;kitchenette&quot;. Bathroom had been remolded not long ago, so it was in very good order. <br/>Staff was pleasant and friendly. Service was great. Every night my wife would ask for ice to be delivered to our room and it was promptly delivered to us on the 8th floor.<br/>Location is good. A short walk, which included a stop for coffee, took us to the White House. Lots of eating establishments, from high end to college flops (G.W.) are within walking distance. We enjoyed both a greasy burger/fries with a beer at Lindy's Red Lion while being entertained by the G.W. students and a more eloquent dinner at the Brasserie Beck followed by a leisurely stroll back to the Lombardy.<br/>The metro is easily accessed, Foggy Bottom or Farragut West. Reagan/Washington National is a 15 minute ride.<br/>One caveat. While the windows are new and double paned city noises still enter the room. It helps to keep the drapes closed. The blinds will keep the light out, but the heavy fabric drapes help knock down the noise.<br/>For under a $100.00 a great hotel. 
117997573	 Great, yes, but a bit better too! Elevators are updated, though I miss being &quot;escorted&quot; to my room at night by the elevator operator. Breakfast is a delight as are the servers. Lunch and dinners are equally delicious. And it is intriguing when guessing what country a guest is from by the way they are speaking! The clientel is everything from families to business and all those in between and from every state and country. However, it is not a huge hotel and certainly therefore for me more comfy.<br/><br/>You cannot find a more welcoming greeter that our man from Morrocco. He is a long lost friend (if you haven't been in a while) or like family (if you come often). For that alone, it is worth staying at The Lombardy.<br/><br/>The location is superb and in walking distance to everything from the White House to the Mall and to the many, many museums. Good shopping and many more restaurants is a cab ride to Georgetown. 
117955095	 Although small by todays standards this hotel is a standout because of the staff. Very attentive and knowledgable, the door staff were always ready with suggestions for restaurants, attractions etc. The rooms were clean and comfortable, about the only issue was the datedness of the washrooms, but they were clean and served their purpose. The highlight was the staff, they could not do enough for us and always had time to engage us. More companies would do well to know &quot;it the fronline people that are your greatest asset!!&quot; Glitz &amp; Glamour do not replace genuine human care and compassion. 
117954624	 There is a certain charm to this property, we were very pleased with the attentiveness of the staff and the manner in which we were treated. All the door staff were very friendly and spot on with recommendations for restaurants, &amp; activities. The room was very clean &amp; comfortable and what was lacking in amenities was more than made up for by the staff. A definite recommend to any and all and we will stay here again. 
117932006	 I benefitted by a good offer for my staying in this hotel so I can stated this hotel was very profitable for me. The deluxe king room was large and clean, the king bed very confortable and the quality of the amenities products very good. The Hotel is well located not so far from Foggy Bottom metro station, 20 minutes walk from the White House and 15 minute walks from George Town attractions. <br/>The personnels is nice but a little bit indolent and slow in the reaction. The wireless was working randomly. The Cafè Lombardy breakfast price is expensive and high respect the room rate. <br/>On the whole I would suggest this hotel. 
118537619	 Location is very convenient for business in downtown - just accross World Bank, IMF, close to State Department, GW University, etc.<br/>Nice old style hotel with friendly and competent staff. Spacious rooms - some with kitchenette and fridge.<br/>Breakfast for my taste too much old style: ham and eggs, omlettes, sausages; I prefer fruits and musli. 
118250386	 We stayed at the Hotel Lombardy for a weekend escape. The desk staff was attentive and accomodating throughout our stay, and the room well appointed in this small boutique hotel. But my favorite was the hotel restaurant's breakfast service. We felt pampered by the waitstaff and the menu sellections were great. After a long day touring the area, we'd settle in the lounge to relax, and found the same good service there from a wonderful bartender. 
118185002	 well, this was one of the best hotels we stayed in, when travelling in the USA. room was very big, very quiet, service was also great. there were some issues with the Internet connection which couldn't be resolved on the 10th (?) floor, as the router was in the neighboring room, and it was always DND, but generally the experience was great. 
118151296	 I recently traveled to DC, and stayed at the Hotel Lombardy. The hotel is just as lovely and charming in person as it appears in pictures. The hotel staff was marvelous, in particular the concierge/ doormen, housekeeping, and the very charming bartender. My hotel room was very quaint, and comfortable, I loved the decor and feel of this historic boutique hotel. I loved my trip to DC, and the Hotel Lombardy helped to make my trip very memorable. I'm looking forward to my next stay at The Hotel Lombardy.<br/><br/>Sandra 
118131296	 We stayed at the Hotel Lombardy for a weekend for our anniversary and purchased the special package that included champagne and chocolates and Sunday brunch. Overall it was a very nice stay and we would highly recommend this hotel to others. <br/><br/>We did start out our stay with a bit of a hiccup, although the hotel staff was very good at responding to it. We arrived to the hotel around 9PM and after checking in to our Parkview Suite, we inquired at the desk about the champagne and chocolates. They apparently should have been in our room but we said it was fine to wait until the next night. We also were not given the complimentary bottled water. The hotel promptly delivered that to our room. After sightseeing the next day, we returned to our room and did not have our champagne and chocolates or bottled water that day. We called down to the desk and they delivered both within 15 minutes. These small issues did not take away from our stay, but it would have been really nice to not have to keep asking for things included in our package. <br/><br/>That issue aside, our room was huge and very clean with a nice view of the park across the street. The beds were very comfortable, and the kitchenette was a nice feature to have. The Venetian Room bar had the nicest bartender and we stopped in for a drink both nights. Sunday brunch was incredible--I had the cinnamon brioche french toast, and my husband had the smoked salmon eggs benedict. Service was very good at breakfast as well. <br/>The hotel was a 10 minute walk to the White House, a five minute walk to the Foggy Bottom metro station, and less than 10 minutes to the Farrugat North Metro which takes you to Union Station. 
118112562	 We got an amazing deal on this well located and very charming hotel. I was surprised by its elegant interior and the large a comfortable room. Kitchenette, dressing area, large bathroom AND bedroom! The kitchenette could have been a wee bit cleaner, but other than that it was a great place to stay. Very comfortable bed. 
150692999	 We stayed at Hotel Lombardy during Inauguration week, and overall, had a great experience! Our room was actually a one bedroom suite, with a nice foyer, and a good sized living room overlooking Pennsylvania Ave, where we were able to view some of the bands who performed in the Inaugural Parade, as they came to the end of the parade route. Living room had sofabed, desk/chair, nice sized coffee table, and extra parlor chair. Bathroom was small, but adequate, pantry area was nice, with mini-bar, coffeemaker, and frig. Microwave would have been even better! Bed was very comfortable, flat-screen TV's in both rooms, and newspaper delivered daily. There was very little housekeeping noise during the early morning, and that, combined with great blackout drapes, caused us to oversleep nicely on a couple of mornings, when we didn't set the alarm. (: Housekeeping service overall was outstanding. Location is excellent, about 3 level blocks (yay! no hills!) from the Foggy Bottom Metro, with a few restaurants and a Whole Foods market just down the street, which came in VERY handy! One thing that did not go well was that on the one night that we called for a cab (Inauguration night, which was super busy) we specified to doorman that we wanted a regular cab, but we ended up in a &quot;gypsy&quot; cab with no meter, and ended up being charged an outrageous rate. We did not notice this until we were on our way, as it was bitterly cold that evening, and we just jumped in, trusting that the doorman had heeded our requests. We expressed this concern to the front desk clerk upon checkout, but she didn't seem too concerned, just said, &quot;Well, that happens at inauguration and other busy times.&quot; Other than that one thing, the hotel was lovely, and we would stay there again. 
150679209	 We stayed two nights at Hotel Lombardy during the hectic Inauguration Weekend. Lombardy is a great location right on Pennsylvania Avenue five blocks from the White House. It is very convenient to the Farragut West and Farragut North Metro stations and comfortable walking distance to all of the Washington attractions. It is also on the edge of the GWU urban campus. The room was spacious and substantially larger than most big city hotel rooms, the bathroom was enormous complete with a small vanity table with mirror. We were on the second floor overlooking the courtyards of the adjacent buildings and was quiet. All of the staff was very helpful and accommodating, especially the bellman who stored our bags on Inauguration Day. We would definitely stay at the Lombardy again on our next visit to Washington. 
150517303	 Nice old hotel, with a great location. The rooms are very confortable and mine had a small dinning area with a fridge and coffee brewer (I don´t know if this is a standard with all the rooms). The room was very expensive (may be the time of the year?) and the amenties very basic and cheap.<br/>There is only ONE bottle of complementary water per stay, so you have to buy your own. One drawback is the noise. I stayed at the 9th floor (but I´ll guess it will be the same for all) you can hear doors slamming, floor cracking, people talking, sirens, construction noises at 4 or 5 AM, so BEWARE. The bell boys and restaurant waiters were very nice and helpful, front desk attendants not so. I will give this hotel another try on my next trip to DC before making up my mind weather to keep it on my list or discard it. 
150287621	 Just returned yesterday from a 3 night stay. Exellent location about 2 blocks from Metro station. Nice size room, extremely comfortable bed. Complimentary bottled water and fruit provided. One criticism is that there needs to be a ramp in the lobby or multiple doormen because I has to lug my heavy bags up several stairs to reach the front desk. Also, the front desk staff seemed inexperienced. 
150201908	 Stayed on 9 floor. Some negatives are 0 outlets for electric in the bathroom. They did have a vanity just outside of the bathroom with 1 available outlet socket. There were no bell carts so you had to hauleverything up by hand or ask an attendant for help to haul your stuff by hand. However this is a historic hotel, so you're not going to see a lot of ramps for handicap accessible features that might allow you to use a bell cart. We paid a premium over and inauguration weekend. Great location. Valet parking was $42 per 24 hours incl 
150099168	 I have been staying at the Lombardy on and off for years now! Its a warm cosy place thats upgraded its rooms over the last few years with losing its quaint charm. I do miss the clanging lift with the shutter doors though! Very well located, central and accessible. Restaurants. metro stations, the sights - all closeby. The cafe is also very good --and uh hmm menu unchanged for at least 10 years! After so many breakfasta at the Cafe, I still keel over in shock when I see the 18percent gratutity on the breakfast....Good wifi, worked very well. Friendly staff. I only wish that they would include a cooktop in their kitchnettees or at least a microwave. That way there would be no reason to go anywhere else ever! 
