199585817	 The service here was great, the gym was nice clean. Fruit was available. The room was big and clean - washrooms nice too.<br/>Pillows were a little too soft but everything else was great (minor!). IF you want a massage there is no spa you need to be referred to the Fairmont across the street.<br/><br/>Location was not downtown but in a neighbourhood area (Georgetown)-if you are looking for pizazz/night life/umph, its in more of the core near Chinatown. 
199543313	 I was a guest at this location the morning of a half marathon. looking around the lobby at 5:00 AM for a cup of coffee was not producing any results. On the street I saw nothing opened that made coffee. Enrique Valdes from security came to my rescue with the coffee that I needed for my race. That support is why I am running the race and staying at this Westin in 2015. Thanks, Dave F 
199440803	 I was recently a guest at the hotel for a long weekend to attend a family wedding. From check-in to check-out the entire staff was polite, knowledgeable, professional and more than accommodating. The hotel was secure, clean and easily accessible for individuals who, like myself, use a walker. The events at the hotel included a Friday night buffet, a Saturday night wedding and a Sunday morning brunch. All the events went off without a hitch. The presentation and service at all the events excellent. I requested a handicap accessible room. The room was large and the bathroom tub/shower was equipped for people with disabilities. Although it is hard to single out individuals, I would like to thank Slone Aureli, from Food and Beverage and Elise Kolle, who works with the brides, for the attention, thoughtfulness and accommodations they showed me during the wedding, cocktail hour, and reception while still doing their jobs. The hotel upon confirming the reservation, asked if I needed anything else to make my stay more comfortable. Would stay there again in a heartbeat. 
199045458	 The staff of Amadou, Deenny and Mohammed were wonderful each more when they greeted me and helped me get a cab to the office. Great group of folks! I wish we could get such enthusiam and service in NYC - Thank you!<br/><br/>Chris 
198572119	 What a wonderful hotel and staff! And the location is perfect, too! Most of the hotels in D.C. are worn and do not get good ratings...this Westin is different and it definitely shows! The lobby is up to date and is busy with different events...thank you! 
198518734	 Haile is a very friendly and attentive doorman. He is always proactive in asking if I need a cab, umbrella, etc without me asking for it which is nice. Just one of several reasons why I keep coming back here. 
137746345	 We stayed here for a sightseeing trip that coincided with our wedding anniversary. Our room was a good size, the bathroom was good with an amazing shower. The Starbucks coffee was a nice touch in the room. We got some complimentary treats on our anniversary night thanks to Sloane/Tish who I had contacted prior to our stay via email. The valet parking service was expensive but very efficient and made check in very easy. The valet staff were outstanding, so friendly and helpful they added a really personal touch to our stay. Overall we had an excellent stay and will definitely return for future trips to Washington dc. 
137661922	 For the purpose of being located near the Universities we wanted to visit, the hotel is great. The front desk staff is friendly and courteous. The rooms are clean and modern. <br/> However:<br/>The valet service is lacking in professionalism. <br/>A dinner reservation we had made before our arrival with the concierge could not be located when we needed the information regarding time and location. The restaurant that was then suggested did not match what we had asked for.<br/>The room I was given had a view of roof tops, air vents, air conditioners and satellite dishes. <br/>The breakfast buffet was lacking some basics usually found at buffet, such as oatmeal.<br/>We had asked for connected or adjacent rooms and upon check in the staff was surprised with that request. We were accommodated with rooms in the same corridor after some time.<br/><br/>For a Starwood Hotel where I have a SPG membership and have had some great experiences in other cities. I was disappointed. 
137481195	 Rooms and bathrooms very spacious and VERY clean. Staff, especially concierge Jeffrey outstanding.<br/>Short cab ride to museums and monuments; lots of good restaurants walking distance.<br/>Would definetley stay again! 
137437783	 As I searched for &quot;pet-friendly&quot; in D.C. I discovered I could stay at a cheap chain and pay an additional 40-150./day for my pup; or my pup would be welcome to stay with me &quot;for free&quot; with only a 150. housekeeping surcharge. I chose the Westin b/c it was genuinely, luxuriously welcoming. safety deposit only (completely understandable, completely refunded--no questions asked); my dog got a bed comparable to my own--which was so delicious i didn't want to get up; and the staff was GREAT: thoughtful, *funny, great advice about local shopping AND dog parks, very supportive when it came to an extra long time packing up the car. The open lobby makes coming and going especially easy. A great and rare experience in the facts far exceeding the PR. 
137380517	 We stayed here for some brief shopping in Georgetown and, for the most part, were not disappointed. The location is perfect for shopping. Room was lovely, large, quiet, and clean. Ask for a corner suite! Staff is helpful and friendly.<br/><br/>Breakfast buffet was disappointing....dried spongey eggs, few pastries, little fruit....AND EXPENSIVE for what was offered. If we stay there again, we will go elsewhere for breakfast. The night before (tired from shopping and walking) we opted for in-room dining and were very pleased. Excellent dinner. 
136937744	 We stayed here for our vacation visiting Washington DC. The hotel was nice - as expected of a Westin. Hotel check-in, conceirge, and other staff were great. Our room was updated with a big TV, comfortable bed, and wonderful FULL bathroom. We found the room quiet (except for some construction work that was happening on the first day). Walking distance to the Foggy Bottom metro station. Starbucks next door for the morning coffee.<br/><br/>We ordered room service twice, and the food was good, service was very polite, but a little overpriced.<br/><br/>Overall - upscale hotel, but a good value too. 
17073628	 My wife and I stayed here on a bed and breakfast package in June, 2008. We are SPG Gold, and I couldn't figure out what was special about the &quot;upgraded&quot; room they gave us. It looked recently renovated and was what you'd expect from a 3-4 star hotel. The light in the room with the toilet did not work (although we didn't mention until we checked out) and the TV reception was poor. <br/><br/>The door staff was very nice and quick to hail a cab or help with bags. The concierge seemed to be missing in action most of the time. The front desk staff was efficient but not particularly pleasant; I had to ask several times about the details of my room package before I was given vouchers for breakfast; I requested a late checkout and was locked out of my room after noon (with no apologies for the mix-up). <br/><br/>Breakfast was surprisingly good for a hotel restaurant; we were able to order anything off of the menu. The service was very slow however. <br/><br/>Overall, it was about what I expected from a Westin. Nice (but generic) room, spotty service, and pretty good value. I'm not sure what makes this hotel &quot;grand,&quot; but it was nice. 
16960751	 Have stayed several times before-first time since the renovations.<br/>Rooms are very nice with the usual Westin amenities.Great tub and seperate shower.Nicely decorated.<br/>Flat panel Tv nice however there wasnt a great selection of channels and some of those had poor reception.Not a big deal since we didnt watch much tv.<br/>Door staff was very helpful and friendly.<br/>Great location for Dupont Circle,Foggy Bottom and Georgetown area.Not great if you are going to spend a lot of time around the White House-Capitol area,Verizon center,or convention center.<br/>Would stay here again. 
16881898	 I have stayed here several times dating back to 2003. The full renovation has been completed and is great. The room was very nice with new furnishings and flat panel television. The Heavenly bed was great as usual. The bathroom was extremely large with a full tub apart from the shower. There was even a closet for the toilet. All the furnishings, sheets, towels, soaps, etc very high quality. The only minor complaint was that the room was a bit small for two guest - but still a normal sized room for a DC hotel.<br/><br/>We had few encounters with the staff but always found them nice and professional. We did use the wake up calls twice with no problems and they were very pleasant on the phone. I asked for a late check out which they said was ok without hesitation. The room was extremely clean and the maid service was very prompt every day to clean the room. <br/><br/>The upscale location if fantastic especially for tourists. It is located within walking distance to Georgetown and DuPont Circle. The Metro stop is about three blocks away which can take you most anywhere. If you want a taxi, there were always about five parked outside waiting to go. We walked from the property to the Mall, Capital Hill (kind of far), and other sights without problems. There is a nice drugstore two blocks away and many coffee shops nearby. But you should head to Le Pain Quotidien on M Street in Georgetown for a great bakery breakfast and coffee.<br/><br/>Overall a great upscale property in a good location. 
16867437	 Stayed here for three nights in June 2008 at the Westin Grand. Booked 3 rooms for 3 nights on Priceline. This is a 4 star hotel in the Foggy Bottom/Georgetown area on Priceline. Price was nice. I was worried about the renovations being done and all the other complaints about noise, but except for the last morning we were there, there was minimal work noise and construction. Rooms were remodeled with a huge bathroom- separate shower and bath, private room for toilet. Armoire for clothes storage. Safe in room. Desk and leather chair, Huge flat screen TV. Minibar only, but if you call down and request a refrigerator, they will bring one up to the room for you. Service was prompt and friendly. There were a lot of events going during our stay in the lobby, but this did not detract too much from our stay. The Metro is a five minute walk from the hotel. Trader Joes is two blocks away to stock up on drinks and snacks. If the price is right, I will return. 
16780211	 I stayed here late September 2007 to attend a local event. Attempting to valet my car took 30 minutes because its located on a corner and cannot accommodate the check-in influx. The front desk staff was quite snotty when i asked if i could upgrade to the fitness room. <br/><br/>My room was one of the renovated ones and it was wonderful. Heavenly bed, leather chair and suede ottoman, a desk, CD player, heavyweight terry robes, 2 phones, sunken tub and separate shower. When i left that night the doorman was nice about hailing me a taxi to my destination. Upon return the lobby had quieted down, (there was a reception in the hotel restaurant and it was so loud i heard in in the elevator bank once I hit the 2nd floor) The marble in the lobby was extremely slippery so I suggest ladies take off your stilettos to walk to the elevator banks. <br/><br/>Room service was surprisingly more food then I ordered and it showed up 20 minutes earlier. Also nicer staff then the front desk. My room made up for the front desk staff and valet problems. 
16176332	 My husand and I were extremely concerned about this hotel based upon the recent reviews that we read on Trip Advisor. We were pleasantly surprised upon our arrival to find a beautiful hotel!!! The location was perfect, the staff was extremely professional and friendly, and there was no construction noise.<br/><br/>The Westin is within a few blocks of Georgetown, Dupont Circle and a Metro stop...what more can you ask for???<br/><br/>We will definitely stay at this Westin location the next time that we visit Washington DC!!! 
205462764	 I'm a pretty picky sleeper and I found the bed to be firm and un-dented by other guests. The room was tastefully appointed and all the typical accoutrements one would expect to find are there. The bathroom was well lit with good shower power and, overall, a nice experience. I'm a sucker for the apple at check-in. My only complaint is no free wifi in the rooms, however, if you use one of the newer wifi robin boxes, there are plenty of connections to choose from. 
205293704	 The location of this hotel is very good, though it should be noted that it’s not in Georgetown but in Foggy Bottom. It’s within a short walking distance to some fine restaurants (a few steps from the acclaimed Blue Duck Tavern, for example), public transportation and bike stations. 10 min walk to Whole Food, a short walk to Trader’s Joe, and 10-15 min walk to Georgetown.<br/><br/>Additionally, the bed was very comfortable and everything is very clean. <br/><br/>Aside from that, I’m not sure why it gets such rave reviews on this site. Let me recount some of the issues with this place. <br/><br/>- Our room was small, without much space to maneuver around the bed. The room had a single armchair and another chair next to a small desk, so closely together that I suspect that if they were both occupied they would bump into each other. <br/><br/>- The TV was set in an odd location, facing one side of the bed, not the center of the bed. Even after tilting it, we needed to watch it from a somewhat uncomfortable angle. Overall, it doesn’t seem that the room was well thought-out.<br/><br/>- The bathroom has only one main switch for all the lights in the bathroom: the toilet room, shower, tub, and all the lights around the sink and mirror and several others. That’s a heck of a lot of light! If you wake up in the middle of the night and want to use the john, you will have to either use it in the dark or face being hit with blasting lights. If you want to take a romantic bath, forget it, you will have to either light the bathroom with candles or suffer very bright lights. There is no option to turn on individual lights (e.g., only in the toilet room or only around the sink etc) or to dim the general switch. I found that very annoying to the point that it was hard for me to return to sleep after being awaken by so much light. I ended up using the bathroom in the middle of the night, in the dark, while keeping the door ajar to get some light from the bedroom. The hotel purports to be “energy efficient”, but I don’t see how turning out an entire cacophony of lights each time you want to take a leak is energy efficient. Would it have cost them so much more to supply the bathroom with several switches?<br/><br/>- The switches are hard to use. Might be part of their “energy efficiency” program, but these are the fussiest switches I’ve ever used (and I know a thing or two about switches, I’ve renovated dozens of apartments as part of my profession and dealt with many types of switches). You can’t just press them up or down, as you would do with a standard switch. You need to hit them in just the right spot and they’re quite erratic. Each switch has a small blue light on the lower right corner. Generally you need to hit the switch on that corner to get the lights on, but often that doesn’t work the first time you try. You need to find the exact spot that does the trick. Sometimes it’ll be in the center, sometimes in the upper part, other times some other spot. My girlfriend and I found ourselves fussing around the switches to get the lights on. I can’t recall any other time that I had to spend so much time on the simple act of turning on a light.<br/><br/>- Breakfast and internet aren’t included. Breakfast would have been appreciated, but it’s not a biggie. However, free internet should be a minimum in this day and age. I understand that the more expensive the hotel the less freebies it offers, but I think that internet is something so basic today that it should be included in the room fare.<br/><br/>- Internet is $12.95 + tax, but it runs only until midnight of the day before you leave. It doesn’t run until you check out. So say you stayed there from the 10th of the month till the 13th, your internet service will be cut off midnight of the 12th, not the 13th in the morning.<br/><br/>- Minor issues: one phone was broken, the first night several items were missing (remote control, soap), only one robe for a couple, the shower is cramped, refrigerator is available only at an additional fee, the common hallways are extremely (and unnecessarily) cold, the lobby plain. <br/><br/>Overall this is a decent, unremarkable hotel. Nothing fancy, but not bad. If I ever return to DC, I think I would search for better options than this one.<br/><br/>Tip: The hotel has a garage and charges $38/day for self-parking, and $45/day for valet service (valet allows you to take the car in and out all day, for self parking you are charged every time you exit). However, you can pay for a spot in that garage in advance, using Spot Hero or other similar parking sites/services, for only $16/day (self parking only). 
205222036	 STAY HERE !! And ask for Lana Kim for any special requests, or services. She is great!<br/><br/>We were in town for my friend's bachelorette party - we had 3 rooms booked, 2 traditional rooms and a 2-bedroom suite. The group arrived after our belongings, and room decor did--Lana had everything sent up AND set up in our room so it was there when we arrived. Our rooms were all on the same floor- near each other--and not only did she MAJORLY upgrade our suite - but sent up complimentary champagne. Upon check-in - they automatically put us down for a late check-out (the standard 12pm is great to begin with), and were so friendly and helpful. I highly recommend staying here - I like Westin a lot and have stayed at many in the past, so I know what to expect - but this was above and beyond. 
205197172	 My husband and I and another couple went to DC for just one day, arriving Saturday around noon and leaving Sunday at 6 pm. Lana Kim contacted me before our trip and with her help we were able to plan our weekend to get the most out of downtown and Georgetown. We arrived with a wonderful welcome gift (gold member) and everyone was so helpful. I was happy to meet Lana on Sunday as we checked out to thank her for all of her help and tell her how wonderful our trip was. I've already booked the same hotel for next April adding more friends! It was a great way to welcome Spring after such a difficult winter. 
204521304	 Lana took care of me and my husband on our wedding night. After I made her aware of us checking in very late, we were greeted with plush robes and a bottle of champagne! The next day we had a late checkout and started off our first day as husband and wife perfectly! We ordered room service and their breakfast was delicious! We don't live far and will be returning! 
204497013	 The hotel is very nice and I found the location pretty close to ideal. We walked in and around Georgetown and took a short cab ride to the Mall. Also, there's a Starbucks half a block away, so that made breakfast easy (there's also a restaurant). <br/><br/>What really stood out to me though was how those at the hotel (especially the concierge, Lana Kim) helped us out in a time of need. On our first day of a 3 day weekend, my girlfriend injured her foot. For 3 days, I wheeled her around DC in the Westin's wheelchair. Made the difference between not being able to do anything and having a nice weekend. In addition, when we got back to the room Lana had sent us a bottle of wine and a nice note. Such a simple gesture, but it really made my girlfriend feel a lot better. <br/><br/>Good hotel, great location and staff. 
132147829	 This is a good Westin experience, nice amenities, good service, large rooms, no real complaints.<br/>The price was great- $135 for a weekend in June.<br/>Location was good- 10 min walk to either Foggy Bottom or Dupont Circle metro stops (and Georgetown), in a nice, but non-descript neighborhood, which prob. helps keep the price manageable. Quick ride to the national mall/downtown area. Cabs always outside too.<br/>Service was excellent, though the club/new restaurant was still not open.<br/>Bathroom was clean and very large, with a shower with 2 great heads, and a soaking tub.<br/>The 'heavenly' bed was just that, with large rooms to boot. The need to keep the key in the wall to have electricity was odd, but fine.<br/>Recommended unless you really need to be w/in a block of the Metro or steps from the Federal Triangle/Metro Center area. 
132037814	 I had a room on the SPG floor so can't say for sure that all rooms done the same, but my room was updated, quiet, well appointed. Lighting was good. Shower was walk in with excellent water pressure. Room service fast. Check in was fast and the bellman kept my luggage secure between the time I checked out and left the city. There are comments for this hotel that the location is bad. I don't think people are being realistic about DC. No matter where you stay there is a lot of walking in order to see the sites. This hotel is on the fringe of Georgetown. DC runs several Circulator buses that are $1 fare and you can get the yellow line to main tourist area by walking 3 blocks to the stop. Walking into Georgetown shopping and restaurants is perhaps a 6 block hike. yes, you can stay closer to the sites but you will still be walking to those sites. Starbucks is across the street. 
131849187	 The Stay Ambassador at this hotel was fabulous and exceeded our expectations. The hotel staff was very helpful as well, especially the valet crew. The hotel is within walking distance of great restaurants and shops. Our family took advantage of all the amenities offered and was above par on all accounts. 
131822964	 We were amazed at the level of service received by Amadou (valet) and Ahrmad (bellman) at the Westin. We were traveling with our newborn son and they made everything so easy from unpacking and packing the car, to parking for both our car and my aunt's handicapped van to putting bottles of water in the car when we departed. Any time you were waiting in the lobby, you were given water bottles and these guys were just a pleasant, kind group of people overall. They made the trip extra easy and I look forward to staying there again when I return to DC. Great food too!! 
131794088	 We stayed last weekend and were so pleased with the cleanliness of the room and the helpfulness of the staff. <br/><br/>Staff: helped arrange a private car to pick us up, James offered much needed help with our bikes while at the zoo, and Jeffrey provided absolutely wonderful dinner reservations. <br/><br/>Our entire trip was made that much better by the staff. Excellent job! I travel frequently across the US and Europe, and a staff truly can turn a quick trip into a great memory. <br/><br/>Rooms: I am a bit of a germ freak, so even small things stand out to me. However, I didn't have any issue this trip. The glass was wiped, the bed spread was cleaned, the coffee maker was cleaned each morning as well. There was little to no street noise in the room at night. 
131602558	 My wife and I took a three night trip to DC strictly for pleasure. We decided on the Georgetown Westin and we're pleased that we did. Though the restaurant was closed for a complete renovation, it didn't really affect us. There are so many wonderful restaurants in nearby Georgetown and the area in and around DuPont Circle. Being a Gold SPG member, we were upgraded to a deluxe king room. There were no suite upgrades available. The room was very nice. Large airy. Tall windows. And the bathroom was quite stunning, large and functional. The room was at the back of the property overlooking the pool area, so there was no traffic noise from outside. The only drawback was, that there was nothing to see out the windows and every morning at around 7 am were awakened by the garbage truck emptying the dumpsters. The staff was very helpful. The weather was absolutely gorgeous, so we decided to stay an extra night. Mr. Howard at the front desk was very accommodating fitting us in. Though the computer showed that they were completely booked that night, he and the manager made some adjustments thereby allowing us to stay the extra night. As to location, it is pretty convenient to everything. You still have to walk a fair amount, so have comfortable shows. 4 blocks to the beginning of Georgetown, 3 blocks to the Foggy Bottom Metro station and about a 20 minute walk to DuPont Circle. Definitely a hotel to look at when staying in DC. 
166342580	 We stayed two nights with our family (including several adults and children) in two rooms at the hotel and enjoyed very much the easy check in and room standards the staff worked very hard to maintain. The check-in was handled professionally and very promptly. The rooms were impeccable (very clean and comfortable throughout our stay). The only drawback was the restaurant downstairs. If you have several hours ahead of you and NOTHING to do in vibrant DC, then you won't mind waiting several minutes to be seated (although the restaurant is almost empty), another few minutes before the waiter bothers to bring the menus, and at least 20 minutes to get cereal and milk. You will be lucky if they have cocoa for chocolate or brown sugar. Adults (coffee) have priority over children here. Eggs and pancakes also take at least 25 minutes. Don't bother following up or suggesting you are in a hurry, the staff is making you a favor by being there. The check will take at least 10 minutes when the restaurant has 2 other tables busy. 
166219081	 Outstanding service from front desk, doormen, and concierge. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. Hotel is in a great location, between two Metro stops, and on the edge of Georgetown with all its' great shops and restaurants. Large rooms, clean and well appointed. 
166067344	 I recently stayed at the Westin Georgetown for my anniversary this past weekend and it was a very pleasant experience from the time I walked in the door. James, the front desk attendant made me feel more then welcome to be staying at the Westin Georgetown. Although the room I reserved was not available for early check-in, I was given options on what I could do until that time. I was offered a different room, which I declined but I did accept the access to the pool area until my room was ready. Also to further accommodate me for my anniversary James offered me a upgrade to a suite, which I accepted. Lana(not sure her position) also made sure that a plate of fine chesses, fruit and a handwritten anniversary card was sent up to my room. Thank you James, Lana and the rest of the Westin Georgetown staff for making my anniversary a wonder experience. Russ Carter 
165658231	 Held my training meeting here. From the moment I booked I felt special. Received an email a week before I arrived asking how to serve me better . The doorman was very friendly and helpful as was the guy at the check in desk. This feels more like a 5 star hotel. Rooms are modern, clean and the beds are best anywhere.our meeting was excellent, everyone on catering staff was so helpful especially micheala. 
165379991	 I live in DC and came here for one night stay-cation to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. The concierge Sloan contacted me immediately after my reservation and asked what they could do to make the stay special, and she definitely delivered! Not only did she patiently tolerate my indecisiveness on what to do for him, she had great suggestions of her own. We had a fantastic room that seemed very big for a DC hotel and was very quiet. He absolutely loved the cookies and the note that was waiting for us when we arrived. I travel constantly for work around the world and my experience here was top notch, even when compared with other Westin hotels. 
165231387	 From the minute we pulled up to the Westin Georgetown, the staff treated us like family returning home. From my previous post about this hotel, you can see we really love it. This visit was just as amazing. Seemed like most of the staff remembered the girls from our last trip (almost a year ago), and even the front desk manager knew us by site. The Director of Rooms is fabulous and helped ensure we had everything we needed. Upon check-in the girls got the Westin Kids Club goodie bags and we used a Starwood upgrade for an incredible room. This is the perfect place for mixing work with play. It can be tough to bring the family along on a work trip, but this Westin makes it easy. We enjoyed the pool, workout facilities and in-house restaurant. We could walk to the Metro and hit Whole Foods for shopping for in room snacks. There's also a great German place for breakfast around the corner. As our oldest says, &quot;this place is the best of the best&quot;. Might have been because of the chocolate cake the management sent up for them! 
226492112	 I have stayed at Westins before and they are all 4-star (if not 5-star) experiences; this was a 3-star stay (and I'm being fairly generous since I'm taking a heavy bias towards the fact that overall you book a hotel to sleep well and the Westin &quot;heavenly bed&quot; will let you do just that). I love detailed reviews so here are some comments on our experience:<br/><br/>Location: Good location - a few blocks from the GWU/Foggy Bottom Metro station in one direction and a few blocks from the start of downtown Georgetown in the other. Good opportunity for food (casual and upscale) in the area. Head across the Washington Circle for less than a mile on Pennsylvania Ave and you run right into the White House. Location (to me) doesn't factor too much into this review as there are a LOT of other hotels in the same vicinity of the Westin (and we have stayed at them).<br/><br/>Hotel / Accommodations: The hotel was undergoing some renovation work in the lobby when we arrived (no noise) and that didn't bother us too badly; we get it, you need to keep your hotel updated to ensure quality stay. However, there was a leak (more like running water) in one of corridors right off the lobby that had a bucket and remained a steady stream for more than 3 days (not a good impression). The check-in counter was warm &amp; friendly and allowed us to check in really early (which we didn't expect, but it was a nice plus). We were given a room on the 7th floor (SPG preferred) and that's about where the &quot;nice&quot; part of our stay ended. The room (as others have mentioned) is small, but very clean (super important) and the shower has zero water pressure (other Westin's have the dual-head shower; which I admit I was expecting and disappointed not to see). The bed is fabulous and since we were really only going to use the room to sleep in, that was what gives the experience a 3-star. The walls are paper thin (I heard all the room's &quot;business&quot; above me during our stay) and the insulation to the outside left a lot to be desired from street noise (I live in Chicago and know that sirens can't be helped near hospitals, but I also know that when you stay at hotels downtown Chicago, you can't hear them on the 7th floor like they are right outside your door). The elevators smelled STRONLY of mold / mildew and while it is an energy efficient hotel, the humidity / heat from the 90+ degree days followed us everywhere except for our room. It only ended at our room because we kept one key in the &quot;holder&quot; at all times to keep the AC up to a good level (yes, I know it does not &quot;turn off&quot; the AC to remove the key, but it was way too low to be of any real &quot;use&quot; when we returned to our room just for a quick change and NEEDED relief from the heat). The pool is small and outdoor (not heated) - I was the only crazy person using it any time I went to get in; and one of the times I had to skim the pool since it had so many bugs, leaves / dirt and feathers (yes, feathers from birds). I know that it's an outdoor pool and that happens, but come on, this is 4-star; I didn't expect to have to skim the pool myself and neither did the other guests by the looks I received from those sunning themselves as I tried to clean it up for use.<br/><br/>Service: I'm shocked so many people said that the service at this hotel is fantastic. We had 1 time (no joke) where the concierge actually opened the door for us and said hello (oh, and that wasn't the time where we were running to get out of the pouring rain at 10pm). My husband went on a run almost every morning of our stay and not once did he get the cold towel &amp; water that people have noted; the weather was hot / humid and he came back soaked; it was noticeable that he probably could have used one or both of these amenities. None of the staff said hello to us in the hallways or otherwise outside of the check-in/out desk, which I find inconsistent with the service I have had at other Westin hotels (and other hotels in the area of Georgetown). We don't need anyone tripping over us, but for the prices that are being charged in the area (and based upon the exceptional service we had at other hotels in the area), I was terribly disappointed in the service and likened the stay to be on the order of lesser chains.<br/><br/>OVERALL: We had nothing to truly complain about to management at this establishment, but I was expecting more out of a Westin than what we received at this particular Starwood property. As I said, the beds are amazing and the room was clean so we had no trouble sleeping (especially after walking everywhere during the day) so for that, its an &quot;okay&quot; place to sleep. Otherwise, I highly recommend perusing the other properties in the vicinity and snagging a deal for those hotels and skipping the Westin. We LOVE DC and plan to return; we won't plan to return to the Westin Georgetown when we do. 
226313445	 Prime Georgetown location within walking distance to great shopping and restaurants. Rooms are great...spacious, comfortable and feel luxurious. The staff is beyond accommodating. <br/> Do not touch the contents of the fridge or snacks in the room unless you're ok with paying a ridiculous amount for them. <br/> Highly recommend using their valet service if you have a car which you are using while visiting...it's convenient, fast and reasonably priced. <br/> From the moment we booked our stay to the time we left The Westin provided a perfect home base for our DC stay. 
226274546	 I stayed here while on business in D.C. and thought it was a nice place. Very close to Georgetown and walking distance from a lot of restaurants and bars. The staff is very very nice. Everyone from the doorman and front desk to the room service were very friendly. They are the highlight. My bathroom was a little disappointing - some mold in the shower, toilet seat paint was peeling etc. But all else was absolutely amazing! I plan on staying here every time I am in town. 
226081995	 I spent two nights at this hotel when I was moving my daughter into her dorm at American University. The hotel was very well appointed with high quality, comfortable bedding, exquisite bathroom and nice amenities. The hotel was an easy 10 minute drive to AU and within walking distance of excellent restaurants. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The one downside was the lack of free WiFi in the rooms. 
225532774	 Spent 4 days at this hotel a few weeks ago and it was an okay stay. My boyfriend and I booked a &quot;Traditional Room&quot; 1 King Bed. The room was small.... Probably the smallest room I've ever stayed in in ALL of my travels. And as mostly all other reviews state, yes!, the bed is SUPER comfortable and the best feature in the room. The bathroom was a really nice size and I liked that the toilet was separate from the bathing area (tub and shower). The water pressure in this hotel is terrible! If you book here, my advice to you is to NOT use the rain type/style shower head but the attached hose to shower IF you like your water pressure a little bit harder - there is nothing that can be done about the bathroom sink water pressure, unfortunately. The room/hotel is clean and we always had fresh towels. You can rent a mini fridge for $10 (for your entire stay) and that's what we did. Our items were always cold and there were no issues with it. We used the option to order our breakfast the evening before, twice. The first time they arrived within the time that we marked on the card but the second time, they were late! and we had reservations to take a bus tour of DC. So, we had to rush thru our breakfast to make it on time and that wasn't good at all! The Saturday evening that we were there I ordered room service - a cheddar cheeseburger (BEWARE, they only have HOT food room service available until 11:30 p.m. - after that, they'll only bring cold cereal to your room - VERY EXPENSIVE cold cereal) and it was good. Cooked nicely but really expensive. The air conditioning worked very good which was great because we went there on a week that had high temperatures. The elevators always came very quickly but it was a bit annoying to have to use our room key to operate it every time we wanted to go up to our room. The gym had everything you'd need to get a nice workout. We absolutely LOVED the neighborhood/area this hotel is located in. Quite and VERY close to M Street - a shopaholics dream!!!! I swear to you, that they have EVERY SINGLE store you can possibly think of there!!! Bring LOTS of money and start out early. We started at the very end of M Street because we wanted to take pictures of and on the steps of where the Exorcist was filmed. Awesome!!!! You'll definitely need to take a cab to all of the museums, white house, capital, etc. I don't know why some reviewers are saying that it is walking distance. It's NOT true. While we were there, we did the &quot;DC It All Tour&quot; and it was really great! $80 a person and you definitely get to see it ALL!!! There is even a 1 hour boat tour of the Potomac River included in that price. Staff: They're ALL very nice. The gentlemen from concierge does not get in until 11 a.m. which I found really strange. We had to wait around the hotel for him to arrive in order to book our tour for the next day because no one else knew how to do that for us. Inconvenient. They have bikes that you can rent for FREE at the hotel instead of renting them somewhere else in the area and paying out of pocket. We were going to use them but never got the opportunity. I believe you just have to tell the doorman you're interested. One of the restaurants, The Caucus Room was VERY expensive and NOT worth it! We had a terrible meal our first evening there. Don't do it! We did not get to try the other restaurant but saw that BOTH of them were empty on all of Thursday, Friday and Saturday evenings. The courtyard was peaceful to sit in at night while my boyfriend smoked his cigar. All in all, we probably would not stay at this hotel again if we ever went back to Georgetown/DC area. I'd try a hotel that is a bit more upscale. This was too average for us. When my boyfriend booked it, the woman that helped him told him that this was a 5 star hotel. It is more of a 3 star hotel. 
225365168	 After walking from Metro Center and not feeling really comfortable where I was going I arrived at the hotel. It was a very humid morning and I guess I looked a bit frazzeled. The front desk staff, I wish I could remember their names immediately got me a cool bottle of water and got me into my room although it was 9 in the morning. I was so appreciative. They went above and beyond to help me that morning. Also Simone was always their with a smile whenever I needed her. Kudos to the staff at the Georgetown Westin. 
132487079	 For a Westin that charges so much better, they should be so much better! The hotel is very well located in Georgetown (actually West End), easy to get everywhere, easy access to the Metro and great to walk just about everywhere. The rooms are small and poorly fitted. No closets, just an armoire. Newly done bathrooms with terrible shower heads, a soaking tub (for one only) and very limited space. What's with the hotels these days...no towel racks! The room was so small that the chair hardly fit. The coffee maker was on the desk. I had to request turn down service and every request I had, I had to make each and every day. I asked for extra decaf coffee, extra towels and I had to call each day to remind them. Don't they note a guest's requests?? The WiFi charges are rediculous! For what you pay for a room, they have to nickel and dime you for everything...very annoying! Oh, and the towels are like sandpaper! Come on, this is a Westin, where is the service??? 
132477895	 Excellent service. Clean. Modern. Bellman, Ahmad went above and beyond to meet our needs. 
132393747	 Really enjoy this DC hotel. With lots to choose from in DC The Westin Georgetown always gets my business. <br/><br/>Rooms lovely, bathrooms large and well appointed, of course the beds are &quot;heavenly&quot;. But without a doubt what makes it so wonderful is the staff. Always smiling, helpful, and pleasant. A very special thanks to DEENNY at the front door. He greated me with a smile and a large Good Morning or Welcome Back. <br/><br/>Thanks DEENNY. 
132327386	 The front desk people were great very friendly . Deenny in Valet was very helpful . 
132258898	 We had a 2 night stay at the Westin and had a great experience. The location is perfect to walk into Georgetown, close to the metro and there is a Starbucks across the street (can't beat that) The doormen were all extremely friendly and helpful, asking if we needed taxis directions etc. We actually had an issue with our shower leaking and both Rebecca and Sloan at the front desk were extremely helpful getting us into a new room shortly after we discovered the issue. All in all this was an enjoyable stay, we would definitely choose this Westin for future trips and recommend to others. 
132241506	 I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. Everything fresh and immaculate. Loved the bathtub and comfy bed. After finding out our anniversary was that weekend, the manager send us a nice note with chocolate covered strawberries! Nice location - close to Georgetown and Dupont Circle. My minor complaint was tht Wi-Fi was not free. Otherwise, lovely hotel! 
74955687	 We have stayed at this Westin over the years and we still enjoy staying here. Great location in Georgetown with shopping, dining and sightseeing just around the corner. Rooms are in good shape and the staff is friendly. Erwin on the bellstaff has helped us each year for as long as I can remember. He remembers our name, is always helpful with directions etc. Our resverations were handled by Vik Nadim at the desk, he had nice rooms and perfect accomadations selected for us. 
74621524	 We've stayed at many Westins in the past and this one was by far the nicest room as it was completely renovated to current chic. Staff were helpful and courteous, especially the bell staff who went out of their way to assist us.<br/>However, in an age of mutliple wireless devices, we felt that for business travellers to pay per device for wireless when multiple devices required connection was chintzy. As were the continual reminders about the sensors for the minibar and snack counter (including from the check in staff and the room service staff). This turned us off completely.<br/><br/>Food in the restaurant and in room dining were at a high level as per expectation from a Westin.<br/><br/>Next time we'll book in at the Fairmont where we have always enjoyed the benefits of membership - including inclusive wireless worldwide. 
74311445	 Let me begin by stating that I travel for a living and am a loyal Starwood brand customer therefore I hold Platinum level status. When I asked about an upgraded room at check-in, I was flatly told that none was available and no other option or apology was offered. Customer service at this hotel definitely needs attention.<br/><br/>The room I received was nicely appointed but small for 2 people. Others have mentioned in reviews that the walls are thin and yes they are. I won't elaborate on what we heard in the room above us.<br/><br/>The automated minibar and beverage center make you feel like big brother is watching. The room was automatically charged for a bottle of wine because I picked it up to view the label and look at a few other items. I mentioned it at the front desk and a credit was politely made on my bill.<br/><br/>The hotel has a &quot;green energy management system&quot; in each room that is controlled by the room key. Although I applaud the concept, it has many bugs to be worked out.<br/><br/>The room had a nice flat screen, high definition TV but all the programming we looked at was all broadcast in low definition. The same channels that I get at home in high def. You would think staying at a high end hotel, it's all part of the amenities to have high def TV. Also the channel selection was very limited.<br/><br/>The hotel fitness room was very well equiped with commercial grade gym-quality equipment.<br/><br/>And finally, the bed was the greatest!! Attention to a few of the details mentioned above would make this a better hotel. 
73494296	 I live across the courtyard from the hotel. Recently (for no apparent reason) the hotel started leaving on bright pool lights at night. I feel for the guests with courtyard views. Those lights are bright. Probably super hard to get a good night's sleep now... 
72635635	 room was booked with starwood points, and an upgrade was offered to a premium room. Room was very spacious, two qs beds, several desks and sofas. very clean. outstanding bathroom. Service at reception was also very attentive, e.g. helped finding a medical center and made all arrangements for us. <br/>Was a bit sceptical after reading other users' comments but was very positively surprised!<br/><br/>On parking, a 20$ per day fee was quoted for the garage accessible through the hotel (independently owned). Turned out to be 20$ per calendar day, resuming counting hours at midnight. gets to 40$ for noon-to-noon parking. 
72497751	 I'm not sure what I was expecting exactly but I feel as though this hotel didn't quite deliver. The location is convenient and the hotel itself is nice but its not as nice as you'd expect a Westin to be. The rooms are small (the bathroom is actually quite large and nice) which makes your bed look bigger, haha. Nice effect but the extra space would be appreciated. The bed is comfortable and the tv is nice. Pool is super small and there is definitely not enough seating around (warm towels to dry yourself with is a nice touch though). There was some minor renovation being done to the front entrance during our stay so you didn't get the full effect of its architecture. Not much to say about the staff, there were nice, not overly so, just nice. Basically there feels as though there is something missing...but I can't quite put my finger on it. I'd stay here again but only if I could secure a fantastic deal. 
179346792	 My mom &amp; I purchased a the Westin Georgetown AAA Drive Vacation (call AAA's Auto Travel Dept. or visit AAA.COM, the Travel page, then &quot;Drive Vacations&quot;) for our annual girls' get-a-way. Maddy, at the front desk, was so helpful, patient and friendly. She gave us much needed info. and tips on getting around the city when we first arrived at the hotel. Very comforting ! The weather in late Sept. in DC was perfect ! Location of this hotel is convenient. Taxi cabs always out front and the Metro and so many good restaurants in Georgetown is just a short walk away (if you're an active person who likes to walk) about 10-15 mins. Our room was luxurious and roomy and CLEAN. The bedding and linens at this hotel was the best. The taxi drive from Reagan International Airport was about 15 mins. If you're not up for a 10-15 walk for dinner, we found a great restaurant right around the corner, Trattoria Nicola's at 1250 22nd Street NW with fabulous service and food and reasonable prices. Do not have to dress up. They have a website so check it out b4 your visit. Bread &amp; Chocolate (bakery and restaurant) is also right around the corner and is wonderful for breakfast. Must try ! The Old Trolley Tours are great to get acquainted with the city and you can hop on and off all day. The driver of the trolley is the tour guide with lots of info. and it's fun. Their moonlit tour isn't to be missed either ! The Big Bus company has tours also but the tour is a recording, the bus drivers are not friendly, the bus doesn't come on-time and it's very busy --- almost like a city bus. Old Town Trolley is much better. We tried them all when we visited. This area is very safe for walking even at night. This hotel was clean, very comfortable (and fancy !), and friendly. Service is great ! 
179341119	 Nice clean hotel but do agree they DO NOT cater to Starwood Platinum members at all.<br/>Never recognized. I would have stayed the weekend there but left. Went to a different starwood property.<br/>Nice location. The restaurants were decent, very nice staff at both. 
179273741	 This hotel is in walking distance from the main drag of Georgetown. It has a reasonable gym with high quality equipment - not much choice but at least one machine for every important muscle. (The outside pool is only open in summer.) The room is rather old-fashioned but crisp and clean. What I found disappointing is that the spg Platinum benefit of a &quot;free&quot; continental breakfast for 2 (!) is basically not honored - the hotel only gives a USD 20 credit towards breakfast via room service or in the hotel restaurant, which really buys just a glass of juice per person. Service was courteous but not out of the ordinary. Also, the room service menu is quite limited. 
179183308	 Stayed for a couple of nights on a business trip. Bedroom was small but bathroom had plenty of space which was nice. Check-in staff were extremely friendly and helpful, always gets a stay off to a good start, and in fact all staff I bumped into were very friendly.<br/><br/>I liked the location, not far from anything and yet quieter area. I would say that it is not exactly Georgetown even if it is close to it<br/><br/>Very solid hotel and I thoroughly recommend it both for business and family, family would be great as pleasant, close to key areas and nice and quiet 
178650165	 We enjoyed all sights of DC and Georgetown walking mostof the time. We used Metro Foggy Bottom station as end point. 10 minutes from hotel. Hotel staff helpful. Hotel bar fun one night.Drinks okay. Hotel as described.Great value Thursday to Sunday special. 
178454111	 Loved the location of the Westin Georgetown and the bell hops, valets, front desk &amp; cleaning staff were all pleasant and willing to help out during our stay. A special shout out to Lana Kim who is the Stay Ambassador and who was so helpful in the planning stages of our trip. She always responded quickly to my emails and then left a nice note &amp; cookies in our rooms when we arrived. I agree with another reviewer that some rooms are a good walk from the elevator (a plus to this is there is less foot traffic outside your door), so make sure to request closer room if that bothers you. The room itself was nice, except for the support beam in the middle of the room. This essentially rendered a good portion of our space useless and we couldn't fit a cot in our room for our child between the king bed, the desk, a chair and the support beam. Thankfully, we had a connecting room so the cot did fit in there being there wasn't a support beam. We did call the front desk once we saw the room and asked to be moved for more space but there were no other connecting rooms available at that time so we stayed where we were and it was fine. We were able to walk to Georgetown to eat and shop and loved the convenience of having a coffee maker &amp; Starbuck's coffee in the room as well as having a Starbuck's located right across the street. We would stay here again when traveling with our family in the DC area. 
143794385	 I completed a two night stay at this property and was pleased. The staff is a real high point here, they are very friendly and attentive to SPG status and amenities. Rooms are large and feature spacious bathrooms with separate vanity and walk-in shower. This is a solid option in DC and I look forward to return. 
143215605	 We spent a weekend at this hotel. All the staff was friendly and accomodating. The valets were especially kind, even when I asked to leave my car out front for an 15 extra min. They were so busy, yet he was still professional- a true test. Loved the room, bed - very comfty. Need to get rid of the desk and add a comfty chair. When I got out of the bed, I had to steer around the desk chair. There was just not enough room. The Front Desk told me the the dining room was open (remodeling) but, it wasn't. Shouldn't they know?? How do you get an upgrade? Is there a trick? 
142917964	 We enjoyed a brief weekend stay at this lovely hotel located in Foggy bottom near GW and within an easy walk to Georgetown. The room was a good size, the bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was huge with a large tub (wish I'd had time to use it) and a not so huge, but still nice shower. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We would definitely stay there again. 
142898071	 Great and safe location in the heart of G Town on the best street for shopping. Excellent service, clean, large comfortable rooms. Only down side are the thin walls but the room next to me was my friend so I just asked him to turn down his Tv. 
142821987	 Staff service excellent - at the level I expect for this type of hotel. Room nice, good size. Love the beds. Not sure why they chose for such a large soaking tub and smallish shower in the bathroom, but rain shower a nice touch. However, there were several small details that missed the mark - damaged light switch, toilet paper roll holder loose, and (strangely) two of the wall outlets and the temp control unit were all mounted at an angle - perhaps the electrician was having an off-kilter day. Nothing that affected the comfort of the room, but details that I don't expect to be missed at a westin. Lastly, and most annoyingly, they had installed the pressure-sensor mini bar (both the fridge and non-fridge items). These bother me as I feel they imply that the hotel can't trust me to not steal those precious $10 mini bottles of booze. 
142605985	 The Westin Georgetown is a fantastic Hotel in Washington. I have never been to a place were the staff was so courteous and was so extremely clean! The bed and room was very comfortable.<br/>It is very close to the Metro train station and close to all the DC attractions.. <br/>I highly recommend this hotel!<br/>A+++++++ 
148326612	 great property, low on features but excellent rooms, location and first rate amenities in room. <br/><br/>the square footage isn't extreme, but the decor and finish is all brand new. <br/><br/>good staff, humble but excellent. 
148176633	 Our room was very hot and the AC did nothing to cool it down. We had engineering check it and they said that there was nothing that they could do. <br/><br/>The front desk gave us 2 free drinks as compensation for one of the worst nights I've ever spent in a hotel. Gee. . . Thanks! 
148071624	 Deenny is always on top of the flow of the entry way to this bustling hotel with a too small driveway. However, due to his diligence and professional manner, the place is always a comfortable reception. 
148053937	 Modern and serene throughout. Exceptionally comfortable beds. Rooms are soothing tone-on-tone brown/bronze/light green décor with beautiful European furniture. Large, attractive baths with a remarkable lit-from-behind mirror (must be seen to be understood) that takes a good 10 years off your face. Note that the room’s light switches require only a very gentle tap to turn fixtures on and off. Friendly, efficient, and proactive staff throughout. <br/><br/>Super location on a quiet, “gold coast” corner across from the Fairmont and Park Hyatt Hotels and the Blue Duck Tavern. It’s an easy 2-3 block walk down M Street across a bridge to Georgetown but with none of the Georgetown traffic or noise. I think this area and the Westin would be perfect for corporate and grown up travelers but less so for tourists or families with children. The Capitol, Smithsonian, and White House, e.g., are not nearby. <br/><br/>The Caucus Room restaurant (in the Westin) is attractive and serves excellent coffee and tea, but other menu items were unremarkable to us. <br/><br/>Cab prices: Capitol/Union Station $12-15 with tip; Smithsonian/White House $10-12. Foggy Bottom Metro station is a few blocks away. No one in his right mind wants to drive around Washington, DC. If you bring your car, whatever the hotel charges for parking, and whatever the restrictions are, just factor it into your trip planning and be done with it. 
147643353	 My wife and I just spent a lovely holiday weekend in the Washington, DC area visting our children and grandchildren. WE stayed at the Westin Georgetown and hyad a great stay. We were upgraded to an executive suite with a nice seating area, the beds were extremely comfortable and it was quiet at night. Sloane Aurelia in Guest Services at the hotel was especially helpful. We would strongly recommend this hotel.<br/><br/>Hap Pareti<br/>Ft.Lauderdael, Fl. 
147641156	 I recently spent the weekend at Westin. Everyone was very friendly and helpful, especially Amadou and Erwing. The room was very clean, comfortable, and spacious. I would most definitely stay at the Westin Georgetown again! 
94525658	 I wanted to take the opportunity to acknowledge outstanding service during my stay by Amadou and Deenny. In their staffing roles, they were so service oriented, professional, pleasant and funny. 
94365540	 Even the Doorman---Haile-----is a fantastic customer service oriented employeee---always focused on client comfort and satisfaction. 
94173986	 We hosted a 2 day meeting event at this location and had a great experience with the convention, banquet and bell staff. Our participants enjoyed the fresh and tasty food and rooms, we enjoyed that all the meeting space was conveniently located on 1 level. And without the attentive assistance of Amadou and Erwing at the door our complicated arrivals and departures in bad weather would not have been such an easy process! Thanks and we look forward to using you again! 
93861770	 I stay at the Westin Georgetown all the time for travel. Great staff. Very friendly. They know me well and make an effort to make me feel welcome. Deenny, who works the front door, is especially kind and friendly. It's always great to see his smiling face. 
93851027	 great location .. 5 minute walk to heart of georgetown... $10 cab from train station... there is a cab stand right next to the hotel so it is easy to get a cab at any time at all ... $1 cab ride to adams morgan area with all the bars.. we walked to the major monuments/ sights but it was a bit far : however the metro station is a 2 minute walk away ... rooms looked like they were renovated yesterday and the bathrom is beautiful .. bed was great , shower was great , gym was perfect ... great stay ...u cant go wrong 
93840785	 Deenny always goes out of his way to offer a hearty and friendly welcome and always by name. Very welcoming and greatly appreciatted. 
37924488	 We stayed at the Westin Grand in DC for a sight-seeing vacation. Staying here was a great experience. The staff was friendly, the room was well laid out and clean, and the hotel's location was convenient. We typically enjoy Westin hotels, and this one was no exception. The room was especially nice with tons of counter space in the bathroom, the always comfortable heavenly bed, and an overall spacious layout. We used the Metro to get everywhere in the city, and the hotel is about a 7 minute walk from the nearest Metro station, which we found to be very convenient. There is also a drug store located right by the hotel just in case you need a last minute forgotten item or a small snack. We would definitely stay here again. 
36435303	 Stayed here for a family vacation with my wife and 10 yr. old daughter. The hotel is located conveniently about halfway between the Foggy Bottom metro stop and downtown Georgetown – about a four-block walk to each from the hotel. Both walks are very safe and easy.<br/><br/>We arrived about an hour and a half before the official check in time but had no problems getting into our room. We were placed in a second floor room that was on a corner and had large windows facing outside on both sides. We were generally very satisfied and pleased with the hotel.<br/><br/>Good points: Helpful, courteous staff. Clean lobby. Large room. Comfortable beds with first-rate linens, although the Westin mattresses are a little too soft for our tastes but I realize that’s a personal preference. Great location. Free wi-fi in the lobby but around $10.00 a day in the rooms. However, our second floor room was easily able to pick up the lobby wifi signal, so we essentially enjoyed free wifi the whole time. The fitness center was clean and adequately stocked with equipment. <br/><br/>Bad points: The pool is very small and there is not enough pool furniture to assure everyone has a spot. However, the pool wasn’t heavily used so it wasn’t a huge deal. We also felt that the pool was way too cold – surprising given that it was very warm in DC during our late July stay. Both beds in our room were only double in size, not queen. It would also have been a nice touch to have bathrobes stocked in the rooms.<br/><br/>All-in all, we would definitely stay at the Westin Grand again and generally very much enjoyed our time there. Don't hesitate to contact me with any questions. 
35992786	 Our family has stayed here for several years. Each time we return we are warmly welcome. There is no request that they will not try to accommodate. We have stayed with the Westin Grand's staff during joyous occasions and tough times. They work hard to make the stay extra special. The front desk is there for you, the front door can not do enough to make things smooth, and the concierge bends over backwards to figure out about what it is you are asking. The hotel itself is in a great, safe neighborhood that allows you easy access to Georgetown with a variety of restaurants and shopping or to walk the other way to the White House, Washington Mall, GWU or the Kennedy Center. Perfect place to stay in DC. 
35699162	 We stayed at the Westin Grand for one night, while visiting a friend in DC. The hotel is conveniently located between Dupont Circle and Georgetown and is close to a metro stop. The neighborhood is safe and quiet for a city. There are a few excellent restaurants nearby. We ate at Eric Ripert's Westend Bistro, which is on M street, a block away from the hotel. In the morning we walked over to Bread &amp; Chocolate for breakfast-- it is a lovely little cafe about a block and a half away from the hotel.<br/><br/>The hotel is in excellent, renovated condition. I thought the rate of $179 for a king room was a good rate. The room was very large, as was the bathroom (especially for a city hotel). Valet parking was less than $30, which is a good deal in a major city. The room had large windows and was quite cheerful. I never heard any noise in the room or in the halls. The bed was quite comfortable, with a down blanket and soft egyptian cotton sheets. There is internet service for a fee, but the first hour is free, which was all that I needed, so I was happy with that.<br/><br/>The lobby is bright and modern. The valet, concierge, and check-in desk were all extremely polite and helpful. <br/><br/>I would certainly return to this hotel. I would put it above the Marriott or Hilton, but below the Sofitel or Ritz Carlton. 
35417219	 Let me start with the good- the rooms were recently renovated and beautiful. the courtyard and lobby were both very nice as well. The pool lounge area and the gym were new and clean, but the pool was not nice at all- it was very small and dirty, although it is outdoor which was a plus. Also, for some strange reason, we found small towels scattered throughout the hallway. but when we returned, they were no longer there. Service was unbelievably slow- it took over an hour to get a fridge delivered to our room, and then the next day we found that they had delivered an additional fridge to our room for no reason- very odd. the service are not particuraly friendly or welcoming either. This hotel has a lot of potential, but unfortunatley it does not compete with the other area hotels that I have stayed at(Park Hyatt, Fairmont) due to the service. 
35036473	 This hotel is in a very nice location close to the Foggy Bottom metro stop which is two stops from Washington centre. It is also about 5 minutes walk from Georgetown which is a lovely small town with a completely different character to that of its far larger neighbour. Its main street is almost quaint but very lively with a great variety of original shops, bars and restaurants.<br/><br/>As soon as we parked at the front of the hotel we were met by accommodating friendly staff (a contrast to the head porter on the street front of the Westin in Philadelphia that we had just left). The check in staff were likewise, which immediately made us feel at home. The hotel room was very bright, clean and well spec'd. Where we had questions the staff (Sergy is likely to be a rising star) were always informative and very friendly with it. All in all a very good stay and I would certainly go back though the bar could &quot;brighten up&quot; a bit. 
20949533	 The hotel is centrally located, a kilometer away from Georgetown and the IMF. Rooms are large and clean. However, for the price paid one would expect to find a sewing kit, cotton buds, a shower cup, a nail file and -for sure- a pair of slippers. Additionally, for this price they should provide free internet connection in the rooms - to be fair, however, there is a complimentary business center and free internet access in the lobby area. Breakfast is decent, but nothing to write home about - one cannot have french toast every morning - there should be more choices. Staff is absolutely friendly. Would stay there again. 
20534951	 This hotel caters nicely for the business traveller. The leisure traveller will also expect this hotel to be very good as well. <br/><br/>As for the hotel itself, it is very pleasant. It is clean and the staff is friendly. Concierge is happy to advise on tour options, and you can even buy tickets at the hotel for various excursions. I cannot comment on the food at the hotel since I did not eat there. The rooms are very comfortable. Heavenly beds are, well, heavenly. Internet connection is fast and consistent. The location of the hotel is on M Street. This is excellent for a short stroll (10 minutes) into the heart of Georgetown where you have plenty of shopping and dinning options. It is about 20-30 minutes to Lincoln Memorial by foot. <br/><br/>Overall, I recommend this hotel for the business and leisure traveller. It is comfortable, in a good location, and characteristic of Westin hotels. 
20314650	 Stayed at the Westin Grand last week with my Girlfriend. It was a GREAT experience! As soon as we arrived, the bell man took our luggage while we checked in. The lobby was very upscale with beautiful architecture. There's a nice restaurant near the lobby and OH the rooms! Very nice and big with a King sized heavely bed. Egyptian cotton sheets and tons of pillows. You'll have no problem sleeping in this bed! Nice view of the street outside and the bathroom had a nice seperate tub and shower set up.<br/><br/>Location was good. Lots of Hotels nearby but you'll have to do some walking to get to restaurants in Georgetown or Dupont Circle. The closest Metro stop is just a few blocks away. We used it to get to our monument tours.<br/><br/>The only thing I didn't like was that they charge $10 per day for internet access. There's no cheaper option. Also be careful not to remove the snacks from the tray in the hotel room as the sensors will charge you if any weight is lifted off the tray.<br/><br/>Other then that, the place was great. Very friendly staff. The Bell Man in the lobby kept us company while waiting for a cab. Then, to our surprise, a Limo arrived to pick us up! He said it costs the same as a cab so why not? That was cool!<br/><br/>Highly recommended! 
20210032	 My experience was only ok. I don’t know why that was: I’m only a SPG Gold, I booked using points and cash, or because I was woman traveling alone. Whatever the reason, I ended up in a tiny, pie wedge of a room with only a shower and no tub. I also had read that there were issues with people being charged incorrectly for the mini-bar. To prevent this, I called the front desk and asked if they could remove the stock because I would not be using it. I was flatly told no, they couldn’t do that. I then made the mistake of looking in the refrigerator to see if there was any space. I did not touch a thing but the bottles in the door shifted when I opened it. I again called the front desk and told them what happened afraid I’d be charged. They said not to worry. When I asked about a refrigerator they said they would have one brought up. They did, but it never worked. I could not get the internet to recognize my name so they forwarded my call to technical support, who were able to get it resolved. However, when checking out, I had a $2.00 telephone charge to my room. They removed it when I said I would have used my cell for free if I’d known there was going to be a charge. Upon returning home I find $35.00 had been charged to my credit card for the mini-bar. When I called to complain they said they would remove the charge. Although none of these were major issues, I was really disappointed by my overall experience. I guess my expectations were just too high. 
19316824	 We stayed here from 8/17 - 8/23/08. We were initially given a handicap-access room which we didn't need. This would not have been an issue except that the design of the bathtub/shower combo was not intended for someone who plans to leave the shower head on the wall and shower standing.....trust me....water ended up all over the floor. I requested a room change the next day and was moved to another room....no addiitonal problems after that. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location is great...only 4 blocks from the Foggy Bottom Metro Station. For a quick, cheap breakfast try the Uptowner Cafe which is less than a block away on 24th. <br/><br/>As usual, the best thing about staying at a Westin is the heavenly bed..... 
19265450	 You often see reviews that say you get what you pay for when you are looking at &quot;budget&quot; hotels. Well this one is the same but for the exact opposite reasons. First start at the lobby I walked in the evening that I arrived to see white candles burning around the entire lobby. This was such a nice touch, and the decor was unreal. After I checked in I sat down for a while just to take it in. Once in the room I found one of the most comfortable rooms that I have ever stayed in. The bedding was like that you see in very high end store and oh so nice to sleep in. It had a sitting tub and a separate dual head shower. The toilet was separate as well but slightly small. Very nice work desk that did have an adapter so you could use the LCD TV as an output devise for your computer or camera, game unit etc. <br/>The only down side to the hotel was the price. However, I booked via travelocity and found that my nightly rate was some 1/3 lower than published rates so that was a plus too. However from the mini car or the electronically monitored snack tray to the restaurants the pricing were way too high. Dinner was around 30 to 50 dollars each. 3 oz. of almonds in the room was like 8 dollars, and parking was a whopping 28 dollars a night. Besides all that and since i was on business and my expenses were covered anyway I lobed this place. I would love to stay here again on my next trip to DC. 
192280752	 I used to live in DC and entertained a lot so I had to use a lot of hotels in the DC area. For the price, I do not think you can beat the Westin - Georgetown. The staff were very nice, the property was very clean and designed very well. <br/><br/>This property is within a close walking distance to Georgetown which is nice so you don't have to deal with a lot of traffic and hassle. The rooms are spacious and again the staff were great. <br/><br/>As well the two restaurants are nice and nothing like typical hotel bars/restaurants. I would highly suggest this property when making your decision...take it from a previous DC guy. 
192104373	 We stayed in July 2013 and everything was great. The doorman from Mali was so helpful and made our stay really personable and nice. My SPG Gold status was recognized and we were upgraded. Location ideal for going about town. Close to Georgetown but not in the thick of it, resulting in not getting stuck in traffic. We will definetely be back. 
191720460	 Excellent hotel, very good location, the staff is very friendly and always available to help. The hotel rooms and shared space were always clean. In room service was excellent, excellent food and very fast delivery 
191203816	 So amsal, melvin, and the manager Mr. Navin are wonderful. The other staff have big shoes to fill. They always had smiles and to be honest for a first time stay was very impressed. Phone operator Mrs Essy was nice too. Nice hotel. Not Georgetown though its a good location but still 4 blocks from the start of Georgetown. A bit misleading 
190782285	 just steps from Georgetown, but in a much quieter 24th street, this splendid hotel has all you need at a very good value (at least the online Westin rate for us was amazing, and even the phone reservation folks could not find nor match), room was impeccable, large, quiet and very well decorated. the folks at the concierge and bellboys really put them over the top, friendly and always trying to help. bravi! 
190544253	 The purpose of my stay was a discussion meeting for 10-15 people and the conference facilities were very well suited for this. Although these are located in the basement, the decor and lighting does not make you feel this. As a result it is very quiet and no street noise is interfering. Everything worked well and the breaks and meals were healthy and delicious. My bedroom was modern, comfortable and there was iHome for plug in.<br/>In summary: comfortable, pleasant ...it rained all day and we did a lot of good work! 
157589029	 Perfect place to stay in Georgetown. You really can't beat the location. We were greeted by very friendly staff that helped us with our tons of bags since we had our twin infants with us. We had a king room and it was a good size for D.C. The staff quickly brought up two rollaway cribs without a lot of hassle. We also enjoyed the lounge downstairs for a late dinner/snack. I am looking forward to staying here again this Spring. 
157261068	 I must say that this hotel ruined a very SPECIAL weekend for me and my new bride. Sloane Aureli was very kind and receptive and I appreciate the champagne and strawberries. Thats where the good parts end. The front desk staff was not very friendly at all. I had to ask to make a green choice, it was not offered. I asked for other parking options and was directed 10 blocks in one direction or 8 blocks in the other. Fact is there is at least 3 parking garages in a 3 block radius of the hotel. I was told upon check in that I had a &quot;Courtyard view, but you can't see the courtyard from your room!!!&quot; Thats like having an ocean view and not seeing the ocean. When I asked about a store to purchase wine, I was directed 8 blocks to a store that was already closed. Another front desk person was so excited about a pizza place to recommend me to, and the pizza was AWFUL!!!! I understand that you didn't make the pizza, but your front desk should know where good places to recommend are located. It's almost like your front desk doesn't know the area. There was no mention of my wedding to me or my bride, even after several emails and calls to be sure it was in my reservation. Worst customer service I have ever experienced at a hotel. To top it all off, we had a COMPLIMENTARY stay for the weekend and a $700 hold was put on our credit card. I understand $75 for incidentals, but the other money was now not available for us to enjoy your lovely city. We had plans to buy souveniers for familly members and could not. Thanks for ruining what should have been a great vacation and honeymoon weekend. 
157172341	 We stayed at the Westin Georgetown Washington DC and enjoyed our stay, although this Westin is not as grand as many of the others. It is well located for Georgetown but is quite a distance from sights such as the US Capitol Building, Smithsonian and White House. Georgetown is a charming place to visit. Our room was small, much smaller than the room I had at the Hyatt up the road for business 6 months prior. The staff at the Westin were very helpful, particularly the reception/concierge staff who assisted us from everything from directions, umbrellas and taxis. 
157096350	 Just stayed again and it reminded me of why it is one of my top choices when I am in DC visiting my college girls. Rooms are in very good condition and clean. Love the location, close to Georgetown and shopping. Rooms are very nice, clean and the staff really is wonderful. I needed a remote control for the TV, called the main desk, and it arrived within 5 minutes with a smile. Whats not to love. 
156935721	 The lobby of this hotel is not impressive, but don't judge it by the first impression. The rooms are large and very up-to-date and very clean. The beds are extremely comfortable. Although located at a busy intersection, the rooms are surprisingly quiet. The Foggy Bottom metro stop is a few blocks away, and from there the city are suburbs are within reach. Plan to eat elsewhere, as the restaurants here are very pricey and nothing too special. AND, the hotel charges for wifi, really inexcusable in this day and age! Otherwise, you can't go wrong if you choose this hotel next time you are in Washington. 
156818340	 Last minute stay here on a wednesday night, booked through priceline b/c we wanted to extend our stay in DC one night- got a great deal (102$/night) for a really nice hotel in a great location! Stayed with my 3 boys (ages 6-11), 10 minute walk to the Foggy bottom metro station- but for 5 of us- cheaper to take a cab to the Mall area than purchase 5 separate metro fare cards. 
88370699	 We recently stayed at your hotel and would like to commend Amadou. All your employees were very nice and helpful, but Amadou really stood out with his ready smile and eagerness to help with everything. All businesses should have employees like Amadou. 
88350131	 We had a great experience at this hotel! Check-in and check-out were smooth and the is staff is professional, informative and friendly. The room was spacious, clean and cozy. Our King room featured a pool/courtyard view; the heavenly bed was very comfy; the over-sized tub was a wonderful surprise and a welcome luxury after walking the national monuments and museums for 10 hours. We were two blocks from Foggy Bottom metro station and walking distance to the restaurants at Dupont Circle. At check-out, our car battery was dead; Amadou helped us &quot;jump&quot; our car battery, he was very kind.<br/><br/>I would stay here again; critically speaking, I was surprised that the parking and internet fees were additional ($28.00 -self parking, $40.00-valet, $9.95 internet (per night)). 
88303845	 My daughter Francesca and I, Oscar Vicente Scavone, very much enjoyed our stay at the Westin Grand. Our room very spacious and comfrotable, and we were very well taken care of by the hotel staff, particularly Jen, Amadou, Erwin, and Deen. We were attended by these people with courtesy and kindness. 
88116631	 Amadou at the Westin Grand talked to every cab driver in the line at the Westin and recovered my lost suitcase. He called me the next day at home to pick up the bag. Very thoughtful service and caring staff. 
87996607	 My mom and I stayed at Westin Grand using my SPG points and the staff and accomodations were great. Locations is close to metro and Georgetown. Staff especially Deeeny was very warm and helpful and I believe Kevin in the front desk was also great. I definetly stay here again next time I'm in DC. 
87918616	 Deenny, the concerge at the Westin Grand in Washington DC was excellent. His suggestions were spot on. He took care of everything, no matter what I asked. Great Job. 
133142881	 You will be talen care of-- not just checked in, but looked out for! We had a rough trip marred by a terribly destructive thunderstorm and Kwame (and the support staff) took excellent care of us! It alleviated so much stress and we were able to find a room at a tough time AND get 5-star service, respectful &amp; courteous treatment at Westin. This was remarkable given the stress on all local DC area hotels-- all were booked full of displaced homeowners and tenants and travelers. And despite all the challenges, we were very well taken care of. Kwame (front desk/weekend) even stayed past his overnight shift duties to try to ensure that we had a place to stay when we were displaced from our original hotel! And he assisted our business group planner when our meetings were going to be hampered by inclement weather. He was remarkable and dedicated, helpful and concerned for all the guests' wellbeing. Even from the moment I walked into the hotel and one of the guests was crying from an unrelated incident (I guess they had a bad evening out), he was consoling her! Amazingly thoughtful. Who knew a business trip would uncover a hidden gem of Georgetown. And of course, our rooms were amazing, clean, comfortable and due to my inadvertent &quot;loss of my cell phone&quot; back on the other coast, the hotel provided me an evening pf complimentary internet so i could complete some work on my ipad. Thanks, Westin Team! (spearheaded by one amazingly hardworking man!) 
133137811	 I was very close to giving this 3 stars versus 4 stars. The front desk is friendly but not particularly helpful. I think I know more about DC after three visits then they do. The valet and doormen are fantastic. They are really great. The hotel is very well maintained in the general area. The rooms are well kept. The beds are starting to become a little less heavenly then your typical Westin. <br/><br/>The food choices are minimal and I think it is a little bit of a stretch to call this Georgetown. You are more in Uptown. The valet parking is $45. Nonetheless we had a good experience. 
133094695	 2 blocks to Georgetown shopping in one direction, a further few blocks walk to the harbor, 10 minute walk to Foggy Bottom metro, Wholefoods, and restaurants. 30 minute easy walk to white house or Lincoln Memorial, where you can pick up the trolley buses.<br/>Hotel was clean, comfortable and spacious with pool, gym, and they even provided an extra fridge to store our drinks and groceries. 
132926961	 The Westin in Georgetown was fantastic for multiple reasons. One reason was that the hotel was located approximately ten minutes (maybe even less) from the metro station which is the best way of transportation in DC. Additionally, the eateries around the hotel were upper-class with great food. It is worth nothing that there were many affordable ones as well. In terms of service, the concierge and the individuals on the Lobby floor were friendly and accommodating. They always greeted and welcomed everyone that came and tried to be as welcoming as possible. <br/><br/>While there were a lot of positives there were a few negatives such as the smell of mildew. It was over powering when you first entered the room, but quickly dissipated. Additionally, the air conditioning within the room did not go below the 70s even on days when it was 100 out. Therefore the nights were uncomfortable and hard to adjust to. Another negative was that the breakfast is grossly over-priced and the total bill was an absolute surprise when it arrived. (About 80 dollars for 3 people to eat)<br/><br/>Overall, I recommend this hotel to anyone that is looking for a great time in DC. 
132850210	 My family and I were at the Westin for our daughter's wedding. We were extremely pleased with everything. Our room was very comfortable - plenty of room, clean, lots of storage. Everyone we encountered was very pleasant and willing to help. Eileen had worked with our daughter on wedding arrangements and she made sure that our every need was met before and during the wedding festivities. John and his banquet crew set up the area and did an excellent job serving the meal and attending to people during the cocktail hour. Denny and his crew of bellmen were also great. They were all very willing to assist us with loading and unloading and were very friendly. The front desk people were also very friendly and helpful. We were very happy with our stay and would highly recommend this hotel. 
132690888	 I enjoyed my stay at this hotel - Haile, the doorman, was a special treat! 
114906781	 Deeny and Amodou go out of their way to make you feel welcome. They keep the front of the hotel moving. The folks @ the front desk are super friendly and helpful as well. Rooms are nice size and clean. Beds are comfortable. 
114888985	 This really is a pleasant place to stay. Just a few minutes walk from Georgetown's restaurants and boutiques, and also only a few metro stops from central DC, it was a lovely hotel to spend a few nights at. <br/><br/>The rooms are immaculately clean and the beds are extremely comfortable. The usual amenities are there, and the bathroom is very luxurious. <br/><br/>There is a nice, neat outdoor pool, where I spent a pleasant hour or too, and the staff are extremely friendly and helpful. The doormen were great and the front desk supervisor Yarnell gave us some great advice and made us feel really welcomed. <br/><br/>Parking is around $28 per day.<br/><br/>The only thing that annoyed me about this hotel was the fact that you have to pay for wifi or to use the internet at all. In this day and age, you expect wifi to be included and not to have to go through the rigmarole of paying extra. <br/><br/>Overall though, we had a wonderful experience and would definitely stay here again. 
114888896	 Checked into hotel &amp; was greeted by Victor(concierge and bell hop). He was perfectly cordial, courteous and went out of his way to make us comfortable as he gave us a brief tour on the way up the the room. Victor sets the tone for the guests initial mood as well as when the guests first enter their room. He showed us the accommodations, light adjustments, ac control and even explained the conservation green movement within the hotel which was to be commended as well. <br/><br/>Kevin checked us in initially at the desk with efficiency, a smile and patience. Kevin also sets the tone to the guest's initial impression of the hotel and the guest's expectations. We had one request, a small oscillating fan, which was delivered by Siho and a smile. <br/><br/>Room service was excellent<br/><br/>And Amsale completed our requests that eventing as we went down to the front desk and she accommodated with a smile. <br/><br/>A great staff with efficiency and a smile- truly felt ritz Carlton-esque and we say thank you to Victor, Kevin and Amsale! Great job and what a wonderful stay! 
114804776	 I frequently visited Washington DC on business and stayed this trip at the Westin Georgetown. Excellent experience all around. Quality, well-maintained rooms, adequate exercise facility, very good location and best of all, enjoyable, competent and friendly staff. The hotel is relatively small, and Haile, the attendant, knew us after the first day. Where else can you say that? The hotel is only about a 10 minute walk from the Foggy Bottom subway station; and excellent restaurants are right across the street. Try the mango martini at the Thai Kitchen across the street. Also, a very safe neighborhood at night. 
114717428	 We stayed here on a couples trip over Memorial Day Weekend. Comfortable, modern room. Good food in the restaurant and lots of restaurants nearby. Swimming pool is tiny, maybe 30 feet by 15 feet - not at all like it appears in the photos. Self-parking is not owned by the hotel and you have to pay for it separately, no in-out privileges. Friendly staff know their jobs, seem genuinely interested in helping you have an enjoyable stay. Good location but not around the corner from the Smithsonian, other DC attractions. Easy walk to Georgetown shops and restaurants. I would recommend this hotel and would stay there again. 
114715334	 Doormen are very helpful, particularly Deennig. Quick to help with taxi, boxes, luggage, and cold bottled water and towel after a hard run. 
198451376	 We had a really nice stay at this hotel. The hotel is not right in the middle of the main shops and restaurants of Georgetown but it is nearby. The bed was incredible and the bathroom is huge. We had a nice dinner at the Latin restaurant Boveda. Overall a great stay and would select it again. 
198292014	 I tried a few hotel in Washington and kept coming back at the Westin.<br/>The hotel has good rooms, descent service, recognize SPG membership, and offers a great Latino bar downstairs with some ambiance and sometimes salsa lessons.<br/>Great location too. 
198148527	 The Georgetown neighborhood boasts any number of high end hotels. The Westin is a standout among them. The rooms are spacious with very comfortable beds. The bathrooms have been recently updated. Fitness room is well equipped. Meeting facilities are good. Catered lunch was healthful and tasty. Rooms are equipped with European style master switches that automatically kill the power when one leaves the room. 
197982263	 I spent two nights here on business and loved the convenient location of the property and the helpful staff. However, the walls here seemed unusually thin. The guest next store to me had a habit of taking all of his calls on speaker phone, and I could hear every word of his conversation clearly. I also noticed that people walking by in the hall or the ding of the elevator could be heard very clearly (despite me being a few rooms away from the elevator). I was a little annoyed by all of the noise, but overall the property was clean and updated with friendly service. 
197981796	 Being located next to Park Hyatt and Fairmont, one can suffice there is stiff competition from what would be viewed as more luxury properties. However, once you have the opportunity to experience the Westin, you will forget about the others. The guestrooms at the hotel are large, spacious and well appointed. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the surrounding areas. It is in a quieter part of DC which allows for the guests to get away. This is my new property of choice and I look forward to returning. 
197703611	 This hotel truly lives up to the Westin name. Customer service was great and my special requests were taken care of prior to my arrival, even though due to the last minute nature of my stay I wasn't able to give much notice. <br/>Check in was friendly and easy and the lobby is lovely and has the &quot;Westin&quot; smell. Beautiful! <br/>The room was tucked away in a quiet corner on the 6th floor and had a nice view. Though the room wasn't as large as most Westins that I have stayed in, it had everything I needed and it was very comfortable. The bathroom, however, was gigantic and had a separate bath and shower. The water pressure was great. <br/>The room and bath were incredibly clean. I would certainly stay in this hotel again. 
99418136	 Amadou and Deenny at the door were full of smiles, direction and advice. They completely personalized my visit to this hotel, and did it with a smile. That makes a big difference. 
99181179	 I have never been to a Westin hotel. I had thep leasure of staying when i was in DC on business. From the moment i walked into the hotel til the next monring when i left i had an amazing time. The customer service was top notch and the room was perfect and completely relaxful and peaceful. Everyone that worked there was so helpful and professional. The amenities were also top of the line. <br/><br/>If i had to change anything it would be the mattress. It was a little hard for me, but the bedding made up for it!! Would defintely stay at another Westin! 
97332942	 My husband and I were in D.C. to watch the Avett Brothers concert at the DAR constitution Hall. We booked at the Westin Georgetown which is just a few minutes away by car from the concert venue. We originally planned to check-in around 11 pm but we underestimated the time. By the time we got in the car, it was already 12 midnight and so I called the hotel to make sure we still have our room. The person who answered the call is very courteous and made me feel that everything is being taken cared of. He gave me a very good first impression - I felt comfortable after talking to him. <br/>Everyone that work there are GENUINELY friendly - we were welcomed with a genuine smile! From the doorman who welcomed us in, the Front Desk who checked us in and set-up the wake-up call and the staff at the restaurant are all GREAT! <br/>Amazing experience! The hotel is clean, and the King size room and the bathroom (which has a separate tub and stand-up shower) are just BEAUTIFUL and VERY CLEAN! Definitely LOVED our stay! 
97326856	 First two rooms had a pronounced musty/mildew smell -- sort of a shower curtain funk combined with an old library book that hadn't been opened for years smell. The third room was better but still not great. Based upon some reviews here on trip advisor, as well as the fact that another guest was complaining of the same thing while we were at the front desk, it seems inconceivable that management had not been aware of this as an issue for quite some time. Front desk was accommodating in moving us, but by then (two hours and three rooms later), our opinion about this hotel was pretty much formed -- would not recommend and will not be back.<br/><br/>Of note, upon initial complaint, we were told (as was the other guest) to turn on the a/c for am hour to circulate the air. We did this for two hours, which apart from being unhelpful, also didn't seem to be a reasonable expectation for a guest to have to 'air out' a supposedly 'four star' hotel room upon arrival. 
97154229	 I booked this with Priceline and payed $105 a night. I cant find one complaint really the Internet costs are a bit high but its a tiny issue.<br/><br/>Staff excellent from the doorman to the concierge guy.<br/><br/>I wont get into detail just back up all the other reviews really. 
96150906	 Lots of hotels have great rooms and facilities. The Westin Grand (I see they are now the Westin Georgetown) has these. What many hotel do not have are people with the warmth, attention and sense of humor that keep you going back again and again even when other locations are cheaper or more convenient. They don't all have Kwame's and Yarnell's.<br/>I'll admit to checking out other Starwoods and Marriott properties in the D.C. area but I've yet to stay in any more than once because despite an occasionally better view (W Washington D.C.) or more convenient location (Westin City Center) they don't have someone who makes you feel ok about asking for a 7am wake up call when you checked in 5am or who offers to make sure you don't end up with tickets or who goes the extra mile to help you correct a typo replicated in 30 docs 10 minutes before you distribute them to a roomful of partners.<br/>They don't have a Kwame or a Yarnell.<br/>Ohhh, and as far as D.C. hotels go, the standard rooms are HUGE!!! You'll definitely look like you're splurging when you take that special someone out on the town. 
114527474	 All staff have come to know us and our requirements. Amadou and Erwing always looking for ways to help. 
114074460	 Great location for the monuments and Georgetown. Requested a quiet room and got it. Beds wonderful, hotel very clean, reception staff very friendly and efficient. 
113767614	 Great location combine with a beautiful hotel and -- most importantly -- and outstanding staff to make this our pick for the best Westin Hotel in the District. From the moment we got there until the moment we left, we felt like the people at this Westin were more than professional, they were warm. And best of all, the service team at the breakfast buffet kept our three-year-old nephew sufficiently preocupied so that we could enjoy a little nutrition ourselves. <br/><br/>Thanks to everyone at the Westin Georgetown. You're a white-glove team and we appreciated everything you did for us. 
113344646	 The beds, room layout , reception, customer service , and most of all the location 
113079101	 The Westin Georgetown is great for families. Large rooms and an outdoor swimming pool, key in Washington, DC's intense summer heat. The staff is very helpful and Amadou Erwing at the door is wonderful with children. 
112600235	 Service was outstanding. Deenny was very friendly and proactive.I would have preferred if their were more restrooms in the conference areas. 
222183655	 In the past I have stayed at nearby hotels and enjoy the area outside of Georgetown. Needing a weekend away, I noticed the Westin through SPG Hot Escapes was offering weekend nights for $111/night and went ahead and booked 2 nights. We rode the metro to the Foggy Bottom station and it was a short walk from there, not a problem at all with rolling luggage even when you are rolling 2 so the other can take pictures ;-). Despite getting there before noon, we were able to receive our room which was a big help to get ready before heading out to explore DC. The Westin Georgetown is a Make a Green Choice hotel through SPG so you get 500 points a night you decline housekeeping excluding check out days (so minimum 2 night stay needed). <br/><br/>Our room was on the 7th floor - the SPG floor - and was facing the interior courtyard / pool area. The first thing you have to do (and probably the room's biggest flaw) is you have to insert your room key to activate lights / AC controls. This would not be so bad had our room had separate doorway / bathroom lights. This may not be the same for all rooms but for ours if you wanted to use the bathroom at night, it had to include the lights outside the bathroom by the door which would then light up the entire bedroom area. Other than that, the room itself was clean and large as the design runs wide like an L instead of your traditional straight back rooms which allowed more window space looking out. Loved the Heavenly beds, one of my favorite beds in the industry. Bathroom was clean with separate bathtub and shower options.<br/><br/>The gym offering was good with different cardio machines, weights up to 50lbs, and a couple of different strength machines and pull up bar. The pool area is very small and probably only looks inviting if you want to cool down after a hot day walking around DC. Since the walkway area around the pool is VERY narrow, a couple of families is all it takes to keep you from wanting to go down. Take a chilled towel from the gym instead.<br/><br/>Now for Georgetown itself - it's a short walk from the hotel to get to where the shops and restaurants begin. However, if you walk the entire Georgetown area up and down and head back to the hotel it is a lot of walking so plan your footwear accordingly. We never had any concerns walking to and from the hotel at different hours of night either to Georgetown or to the metro station area as there is an active nightlife and lots of people are out on the weekend.<br/><br/>For the price we enjoyed our stay although I don't think anything really stood out that would make us race to the hotel again if prices were the normal $200+. The hotel has a top notch staff and our floor was eerily quiet the entire time despite wedding festivities going on in the hotel that weekend which were pluses. 
222094151	 This hotel is really really nice. The room we got was spacious and very comfortable, with lovely beds. The pool was quiet and welcoming. Easy walking distance to Georgetown and GWU-Foggy Bottom subway station, and a do-able walk to the Mall. 
222093568	 Just spent a week at a conference for work at the Westin and I would recommend it to anyone who really needs a worry free place to relax after a long day. Ms. Maheder was incredibly helpful when I arrived, and apologized because my room wasn't ready even though I arrived early. She recommended an excellent restaurant and had a great room ready when I returned. I received equally competent and gracious service as I was checking out five days later from Ms. BoBae. She did not let the crush of people trying to checkout at the same time rattle her, she was cheerful, and did everything necessary to quickly get me on my way. What a wonderful way to begin and end a very taxing trip! 
222088221	 Stayed here for business and while I usually love Westin's this was most disappointing, The room was a very funky shape which meant lots of unusable space but then cramped in other areas. Lights didn't work well and the lighting the bathroom was very bad. A too small shower meant banging my knee caps trying to get out. the water took forever to heat up. But what I HATE about staying in a &quot;nice&quot; hotel is the huge charges for things that are given away free other places: $40 for internet for 3 days. $6 to print 2 pages from the business center. Such a rip off. come on Westin! really? 
222046620	 1.Doormen- quick, very friendly, efficient. <br/>2.Check In- quick, very friendly, efficient. <br/>3.Accomodations- pristinely clean, very comfortably appointed.<br/>4.Amenities- comfortable robe, Starbucks Coffee, thicker towels, nicely scented toiletries <br/>5.Location- perfect for walking everywhere in Georgetown. <br/>... only wish I had brought my swimsuit! 
221888063	 I love this hotel. My daughter is a student at George Washington University and as a loyal Starwood Member of 18 years, I chose my favorite Starwood brand which fortunately happened to be very close to GWU. The service at the Westin Georgetown has been amazing. When I request something sent to my room, it happens very quickly. The Bathrooms are very clean and spacious. The rooms are quiet and immaculately clean. All requests have been cheerfully carried out by the friendly and accommodating staff. I'd like to single out one person in particular. Simone at the front desk is amazing. No matter what I ask, she magically makes it happen for me. I've never had such treatment in any class of hotel that is better than the Westin Georgetown. Oh, I almost forgot, the downstairs restaurant has amazing Latin inspired food and beverages. Give this hotel a try and I'm sure you won't be disappointed. 
118284868	 Stayed here back in July. Very nice Westin. Great location as well in Georgetown. I was on business, but would also have worked well for pleasure. Will stay here again. Did not try the restaurant, but the bar off the lobby was pleasant. 
118248476	 I enjoyed my stay very much! All of the staff was very pleasant and very helpful, but I was particularly impressed with Deenny. He always greeted me on my return to the hotel as if I was a long lost friend and gave me excellent instructions on what train to take on the Metro to and from the Capitol. The Metro is pretty simple to use if you know what train to take and Deenny made sure I did! <br/><br/>Ray Walker<br/>arayw@aol.com<br/> 
118185373	 This hotel is pretty expensive. It is also located next to a rather busy street (M street). And for the price I paid, I did not expect to be awake most of the night due to traffic noise. Clearly, the hotel should do more to soundproof their windows. Our stay was a part of a road trip which included a lot of cities, and this hotel was the winner when it came to being noisy. <br/><br/>Doors slamming loudly when open/shut was also a problem. As usual its hard to understand why hotels of this class do not install door mechanism to prevent this.<br/><br/>Everything else was okay - your average &quot;westin&quot; standard. Location good, but not great. The walks to Dupont Circle or Georgetown got pretty tiresome after some time. 
118130161	 The Westin Georgetown is in a very convenient location, not in Georgetown, but on the edge. It has easy access to the metro station. The staff is very friendly, and accomodates your needs. The room was large and very clean. We have stayed there several times in the past few months, and have not been disappointed. It remains consistent. 
118094989	 This hotel is not in Georgetown. It's about five blocks from away. Not a big deal. Walking distance to Foggy Bottom Metro Station or an inexpensive taxi ride to monuments. Would not consider it &quot;close&quot; walking distance to White House although we did it. Very friendly staff. Cool drink in lobby was a refreshing bonus. Had connecting rooms which were huge with a huge bathroom as well. Many hotels in the area but fairly quiet at night. Starbucks next block was nice. Hotel appeared to be recently renovated. Small pool, small exercise room, very small convenience &quot;store&quot;. 
118054442	 Location of the hotel is great 5 min walk to georgetown. Our room was very big and very clean! The door man and front desk service was not of a 4 star hotel. 
115136341	 The bellhops at this hotel were very friendly and tried their hardest to make you laugh as soon as you get out of your car. The staff was multi-cultural and very nice.There was a man named Amadou from Mali and another from Nicaragua who were very quick to help us with our bags. The Concierge, George, is great at recommending the best restaurants and can get you reservations on the spot! <br/><br/>The room was very clean and the bed was comfortable. There were lots of pillows on the bed and even the mattress on the roll-away bed was think and comfy. The bathroom was HUGE with a 2-headed shower and jacuzzi tub. We didn't use the swimming pool, but it was full all weekend! They put a bowl of fresh fruit on the front desk every morning which made for a good on the go snack.<br/><br/>Be aware that the elevators require you to place your room key into a slot in order to operate it, so if you go in one without the key holder, you CAN get stuck in it.....as I did! Luckily my husband was right behind me! The walls are a little thin...we could hear our neighbors perfectly every morning. 
115081898	 The staff was wonderful...helpful, kind and professional. One individual in particular must be mentioned: a Doorman by the name of Haile. This man was beyond courteous, helpful, friendly, professional and kind. He MADE the trip for my 80 year old mother who was initially leery of traveling to DC from IL. She kind of &quot;came alive&quot; whenever she spent time with Haile! You truly have an individual worthy of much praise and recognition!! 
115069646	 The location of the hotel had provided easy excess to most of the sightseeing spots and good restaurants. The hotel itself was new, clean and very modern. Most importantly, the hotel workers and staff were very helpful in every way. Especially, a staff named Amadou. He was very attentive, courteous and kind. He always greeted us with a big smile and talked to my son(who is 9)in the morning outside the parking area of the hotel. He cared about how our day went and gave us tips about where to go and how to get there. Overall, we had a wonderful time in Washington, D.C. and we loved the Westin in Washington D.C.. We would definitely visit again! Thank you. 
115051200	 As a result of this visit, our family became starwood preferred member and will gladly seek out the services of this hotel again. 
115030561	 Decided on a quick 2 day vacation and big city hotels are a hit or a miss. But the personal attention of the staff, check was super easy quick and friendly, along with the most friendly and polite conceirge that I have ever met made this trip relaxing and memorable. I asked for a high floor and quiet room and we were placed on the 7 floor. If you prefer quieter ask for the view facing the courtyard. <br/><br/>The hotel had the &quot;Westin Fresh air&quot; quality, amazing bathroom; (am a clean bathroom freak) and this was by far the best. The hotel is right 5 minutes walk from Georgetown therefore convenient to restaurants, and for u runners the Rock creek trail is 5 minutes away so no concrete pounding for too long. Metro is ideally located if u wish to take that to the DC monuments. We walked down to the Lincoln memorial about a mile or 2 away. <br/><br/>Georgetown Ethiopian food Das and the Neyla Morrocan food recommended and are a short walk away. <br/><br/>The staff at the hotel are extremely friendly.Would definitely recommend this hotel as an upscale, neat and trendy. 
115013395	 Commendable that the power is only on when the room key is in the slot on the wall, but ... with no air circulation and windows screwed on shut, upon entering the room you get hit with a wall of stale air. Requested another one, marginally better if at all. Ordered belgian waffles with whipped cream and maple syrup for breakfast, came with a piece of butter instead. 
127384295	 Had a great trip. The associates Amadou and Deenny both exceeded my expectations. 
127362725	 I cover Northern Virginia for my work territory and am constantly traveling to the Washington DC area. I insist on staying at the Westin Georgetown because of the exceptional service of the staff- in particular the welcome staff that greets you when you first pull up. Solomon, Degef, Amadou, Deezy and the rest of the staff there are extremely pleasant to work with and keep me wanting to stay at this hotel. it is the best experience that I have ever had at a hotel and I would recommend it to anyone! 
127327646	 I spent two nights here and was impressed by the quality of the hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful with all queries directed at them. The hotel also has parking($34/night) which was convenient and easily accesible. <br/><br/>My only issue was the long wait for my sandwiches ordered from room service. Coupled with that my sandwich( a ham and mustard combo) did not have the accompanying mustard! A call to reception proved unhelpful and after a long 10 minute wait for the mustard I had to go to reception at 1 am to get it myself! At $17 a sandwich the service could have been better there.<br/>Despite this I would definitely stay here again and would recommend the hotel every time. 
127267155	 This hotel is consistent: clean, updated rooms, ridiculously priced mini-bar, and pretty good service. For the area I have found it ot be the best combinaton of cleanliness and price - the rest are either exorbitantly expesnive or decidedly unclean. 
127159598	 I stay in DC often for work travel. The Westin Georgetown is very convenient, clean, and quiet. However, the main reason I stay is becuase the staff is fantastic. They greet you by name, are attentive to the details that make the stay enjoyable, and handle special requests with ease. Deenny and Haile are great. 
127086203	 Ahmad was extremely informative, friendly, kind and knowledgable! He is one of the nicest people I have ever met. The Westin has a gem when it comes to Ahmad! 
33622539	 We usually stay in B&amp;Bs, but because we were traveling with other adult family members and visiting another family member who lives nearby, we decided to stay in this hotel. We were happy with our selection for its clean, sparkling appearance and comfy beds - though our room was very small - and the other room was very large just a few doors away, even though we were both SPG members. Oh well, we enjoyed it anyhow - and would recommend it to others. We found the location to be convenient and we seemed to walk for miles on each of the 4 days we were there. From the hotel we were able to walk to The White House, the Lincoln Memorial and Vietnam, Korean and WWI/II Memorials, Dupont Circle, Georgetown - all of which were fairly long walks, but very enjoyable - and you can stop along the way for refreshments and various sights along the way. 
33509813	 Myself, husband and 2 sons spent 4 nights here using Starwood Points. I actually booked 2 rooms and I was glad I did - the rooms are on the small side but very nicely appointed and comfortable. It's about a 10 min walk to the metro, but not bad. I enjoyed walking through the residential areas and even got to know certain houses as we passed them each day. Not too many restaurant selections. Took a cab to Buca Di Beppo a few times which we really enjoyed. Staff was very helpful and accomodating. Loved the refreshing fruit water in the lobby after a long day of sightseeing! Overall very nice hote. 
32986217	 My wife and I spent 4 nights at the hotel. I'm a SPG Gold member - so a room upgrade was worked in. First off, we checked in after spending two nights at a sister property (The Westin Washington DC City Center) - just blocks apart, yet two completely different comfort and atmospheric levels. The Grand is spectacular! Location is premiere...close to a metro station...close to Georgetown, we walked there several times over our four days. The hotel itself is inviting. The Lobby is open and bright,...bottomless spa water on ice was fantastic... our room (we were on an SPG member floor) was a nice size. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom amenities were awesome. We requested a fridge for the room - they were quick to get it up to us. The gym was adequate...the pool was small, but I still spent some time out there (with weather permitting). The folks at the front desk were friendly and prompt to help with questions. I feel the need to point this our - especially when you talk about service. The scheduled wine tasting being promoted on one of the nights we were there was cancelled. Without knowing this, I made my way to the bar (which is cool) and asked about the tasking. I was told it was cancelled, however, the bar manager still hooked me up free of charge. It didn't have to be done, but it obviously made an impression on me - I'm writing about it! Things to look out for would be the ridiculous internet service that runs through the television in the room - I'd recommend going to the business center just off of the lobby - or utilizing their free wifi service available within the lobby. Also, the restaurant for breakfast is really nothing to brag about. In my opinion, it's over priced and not that satisfying...walk the 15 steps to the Starbucks down the street. Something else to point out...there was a prom in the downstairs ballroom during the friday night of our stay. There were no problems...noise was kept to a minimum and remained undercontrol. The Westin Grand is just across the street from the much-talked-about Fairmont - which was one of our options when booking the trip, but handsdown...we will mark the Grand as our place to stay while in DC. 
32924082	 Spent the weekend with a friend who is local to the area. We both found the Hotel to be at a great location (very close to Georgetown &amp; GW University). We had a Junior Suite which was perfect! What I believe sets this 4 star Hotel above other's, THE SERVICE! The Front Desk (especially Jerome) were exceptionally accommodating. The Valet staff and even the Engineer were great to deal with. My friend and I plan to come back and highly recommend this Hotel 
32829938	 Spent the weekend in this hotel. The service was excellent and the rooms were great. My kids had a double beds with a large bathroom , we had king room with large bathroom. The shower was great, the room service was very quick. Great Location. 
32440928	 Our daughter's wedding ceremony and reception was recently held at the Westin Grand. In addition, wedding guests booked approximately 40 rooms at the hotel over the weekend of the wedding. We also stayed at the hotel for 2 nights. The service and hospitality provided by the hotel was extraordinary. The staff was attentive to every last detail and went out of their way to be friendly and helpful, both with respect to the wedding and our and our guests' hotel stays. Our overnight guests had nothing but complements for the hotel, the rooms, and the staff. The banquet planning staff room reservations staff at the hotel was very easy to work with, helpful, friendly, attentive and accomodating. All of our many room special requests were cheerfully accomodated. The food at the reception was excellent, timely served and well prepared. It drew a number of complements. We highly recomment the hotel, both as a location for a large event and as a place to stay in downtown DC that is convenient to both Georgetown and downtown DC. 
126054409	 Great 2 day trip to DC. The hotel staff was extremely gracious and we will choose this hotel again if ever we vacation again in DC. Not sure why this hotel only received 3 stars on google reviews at the time of our trip 
126046613	 Erwing provided excellent service with attention to our every need. Most remarkably, Erwing remembered us on our recent visit on March 10, 2012. Our last visit during which Erwing also provided outstanding service was in November, 2011. Please give our thanks and commendation to Erwing.<br/><br/>Best regards, <br/><br/>The Norris's 
126043152	 I stayed (2) days at the Westin in Georgetown, DC on a short trip with a good friend. The hotel was beautiful, well-stocked and clean. Our bellmen Erwing, Ahmad and his Supervisor Amadou were attentive, kind, and friendly. Overall an A+! 
126026189	 The hotel itself is wonderful, with excellent service, nice rooms and a pleasant, safe location. There was no street noise, even on the 4th floor. And the spacious room had a comfortable King bed and huge marble bathroom. This is easily one of the nicest Westins I have been to.<br/><br/>The gym is large and well-equipped for a hotel, and other common areas seem nice as well. There is also easy access to running/biking paths along the river and canal, and to the Capital Crescent Trail, which is worth a visit in nice weather.<br/><br/>It is worth noting that this hotel is not actually in Georgetown, but rather the West End/Foggy Bottom -- about a 10-minute walk from where the Georgetown attractions begin and at least 20 minutes from where the university begins. And it's a 7-minute walk to the nearest Metro station (Foggy Bottom). So for tourists looking either to be in Georgetown the whole time, or to move around by Metro, it may not be perfect. But if the weather is nice and you're happy to walk, as we were, it's a great choice. There is also a taxi stand at the hotel, and even if there are none waiting, the staff works to get one very quickly.<br/><br/>We were very happy with the hotel overall, although it helped that we got a good rate since it's not cheap. 
125960995	 We had a wonderful overnight experience at the Georgetown Westin Hotel. The room was beautiful and the hotel was gorgeous. What was most impressive was the entire staff, namely Ahmad and Jeffrey. Ahmad was very informative and thorough in his overview of the amenities of the hotel. What a warm welcome with which to be received! We had never been to Georgetown before, and we were delighted that Jeffrey guided us with many selections in which to dine. He made our reservation with ease. His experience and knowledge in the field and in the Washington area was apparent. Our anniversary dinner and brunch the next day were excellent. We appreciate how professional and impressive these two staff members were, along with all of the other fine people we met at The Westin Georgetown. We look forward to our return. 
125958358	 Excellent Westin hotel within 10 mins walk of shops and restaurants of Georgetown which is a real plus because of the variety you can find there. About 10 mins walk to Trolley HOHO bus which has live commentary not recorded. About 20 mins walk to White House.<br/><br/>Hotel staff helpful and friendly. Very good breakfast. 
172660659	 Great experience from check-in to check-out. Very friendly and helpful staff. I was only in town for one night to celebrate my b-day in D.C. traveling solo. The gentleman that checked me in was VERY helpful at guiding me towards day things happening &amp; nightlife suited for my age/social scene. This location is about 5-6 blocks from Foggy Bottom metro. Pleasant walk, but only if you are light with luggage, otherwise take a cab its only 6 bucks from station. All in all PERFECT location location location....using metro and cabs I literally was able to walk the smithsonian museums, the national mall, Shop in Georgetown, grab cocktails on K street, then party on U street..and wake to brunch at hotel restaurant before flying out within 24hours. Rooms are large, modern decor. Adore the large bathroom separate shower/tub and toilet closet. Onsite restaurant good food $$$, worth the ambiance and scenery, Its indoor/outdoor. Hotel also has a upper deck pool attached to workout facility. Its very small, yet sexy/cozy. I wouldn't want to be there if a family were in the pool, just not enough space. Perfect for 2-3 couples tho. Will stay again, totally worth the money! 
172299213	 My parents and brother came to visit for vacation last month. Over the span of 6 days we stayed in 5 hotels and the Westin Georgetown was the nicest and most accommodating by leaps and bounds. We arrived 2 hours ahead of check-in time, the young lady at the front desk was extremely friendly and let us check-in early. Even with a sold out house, when we walked into the room it was very clean, top to bottom with no signs that housekeeping had rushed through their work. After dropping our bags in our room and freshening up we walked around Georgetown for a couple of hours and when we returned their was a beautiful fruit and cheese plate with a welcome note in our room. As a former hospitality manager, I have a bad habit of constantly looking for areas of service that could be improved upon, but I honestly could not find anything about this hotel that wasn't top notch. Great Job! 
172206110	 The last time we stayed at the Westin I wasn't that impressed but on this visit I felt more welcomed-more helpful people with friendly attitudes.<br/>We had a great room--clean and felt not so used--clean and relaxing.<br/>I had coffee &amp; breakfast and the food was very good--<br/>Will definitely be back. 
171904259	 The hotel was as nice as any, but the staff was remarkable. Erwing greeted us and got us settled into the room. He was always available in the lobby to give directions and help brighten our day with a smile. 
171793914	 We have stayed at The Westin Georgetown before, and always enjoyed it. I would have always given it 5 stars. But our most recent stay there was even more perfect than usual, and so much of it comes from not only a wonderfully located, beautifully-furnished hotel, but from a truly extraordinary staff. The staff, in fact, is a real treasure among the very best of Starwood's very best hotels, which is saying something.<br/><br/>A week before our check-in, we received an email from Lana Kim, from the hotel's concierge staff, and one of The Westin Georgetown's &quot;Stay Ambassadors.&quot; Many times, at other hotels, one gets these sort of emails in advance, but when you try to actually reply and make some advance plans or reservations, the reply back is either slow, or non-existent.<br/><br/>Not so with Lana, and with The Westin Georgetown. Lana replied almost immediately, and was immensely helpful in arranging a number of things for us, and helping us make the most of our stay, and ensuring our comfort during the stay. She was exceptionally helpful, and we found all of the staff in this hotel to be of the same caliber. <br/><br/>Our flight was quite late arriving in Washington D.C., so we did not arrive at the hotel until almost 2 a.m., but nevertheless we were enthusiastically welcomed by Graford, who was manning the night desk shift, and who greeted us by name. He was very gracious. Even though we had already used our Starwood Platinum Suite Upgrade to upgrade to a junior suite, he informed us that for the last two nights of our stay, we would be upgraded to the hotel's royal suite (also called Hospitality Suite), which was the largest suite in the hotel. (Something they did not have to do, and so it was not only a great unexpected pleasure, but represented the staff really going more than the extra mile.)<br/><br/>The hotel is large enough to offer everything one could want, but small enough to still feel &quot;boutique-ish,&quot; and for guests to feel very well-cared-for. The location is fantastic -- a very quick walk to Georgetown shops and restaurants, or in the other direction, DuPont Circle restaurants. And during our entire stay, the wonderful Lana Kim continued to check in with us to see if she could make additional reservations for us, or do anything further to assist. <br/><br/>Our original junior suite was wonderful on its own merits, and quite roomy and well-designed. The bathroom was huge and wonderfully appointed. But the move to the royal suite was over the top -- huge, stylishly furnished and appointed, and incredibly luxurious. Large living room, two bathrooms, kitchen, dining table for 8, a lovely entrance foyer, a smaller secondary living room leading to the bedroom, and lots of closer space. We really did not want to leave, which is a sign that a hotel and its staff are exceptional.<br/><br/>All in all, a great hotel with an extraordinarily great staff. As somebody who spends at least half of every month in hotels, if not more, I have really learned to really appreciate a staff like is found at The Westin Georgetown. No matter how luxurious a hotel is, in the end, it is always the people who really make the difference. And this was really proved true at The Westin Georgetown, from the email that arrived a week before check-in, to the very sincere chat, ending with &quot;please come back soon,&quot; from the bell staff and doorman upon departure. Perfect. If only all travel experiences were like this. So . . . Thank you, Westin Georgetown! From George Daugherty, San Francisco. 
171626518	 It was a great hotel with a great location for exploring Georgetown and the sights of Washington DC. It was a short walk to Georgetown. The staff was really helpful with recommendations for how to best see DC in a short period of time. :) 
95522498	 I stayed here three nights in February 2011. I hadn't been to DC in 20 years and needed recommendations - from running routes, restaurants, and directions to the White House, to movie theaters and help printing a boarding pass. The doorman Haile, was much more than helpful. He sought me out to find ways to help. He gave me advice on all of the above, and steered me clear of tourist traps that are overpriced and over-rated. And when he saw me returning from a run, he not only got the door for me, but chased me down to the elevator so he could give me a towel and a sports drink. Haile really went beyond the fundamentals of his job. The Grand is a nice hotel with great service. Thanks Haile! 
95505374	 Latest stay was in February 2011, but have stayed at this hotel many previous times. Hotel staff is extremely courteous and accommodating. Front door staff, especially Amadou and Deenny, outstanding with welcome and luggage handling. 
95343091	 There has been a good chunk of time between my previous review of this hotel and this current one and there have been renovations in that time to the hotel. The grand entryway is quite stunning when you pull up to the hotel entrance and the smiling doorman is like the cherry on top. We were warmly greeted by the front desk and given our room keys to a king studio suite. This lovely room with its corner windows overlooking the courtyard is quite spacious! The seating area has a large couch, table and two armchairs with a flat screen tv on the wall above. Our king size bed with its heavenly linens was definitely comfortable and dare I say &quot;heavenly.&quot; The suite bathroom is quite large as well with a separate area for shower, tub and toilet. The double shower head in the shower is an interesting feature and the white tea bath amenities smell delicious! One night we took advantage of room service and were pleasantly surprised with a super quick delivery and gracious service. (the pizza is super yummy!) Even though our stay was short I felt as though our hotel room was a home away from home when returning from the outside world. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone looking for great service and comfort. 
95298620	 From the front desk to the conference room everyone was courteous, attentive and professional. The doormen in particular (Amadou and Deenny) get a five star rating. They were friendly and attentive. The assisted me in getting a taxi and putting my bags in the car. This was truly an example of service with a smile. 
95083258	 We recently called the Westin when our electricity (and heat!) went off during a snow storm. They went over and above, allowing us to check in at 930 in the morning (well before their standard check in time). They were friendly and helpful- important as we were traveling with a newborn, a preschooler, and our dog. They helpfully provided us a refrigerator, in addition to the in room bar, for the baby's milk and a crib. They were also extremely understanding when our 2 year-old locked the in room safe and we had no idea the combination or if anything was inside. Employees such as Amadou and Erwing entertained our normally shy two year old as we waited for the car and loaded/unloaded all of our baggage. 
95049981	 The Westin Grand charges $28 to self park in it's garage. No bargain even by DC standards. I was checking out a 7:00AM Saturday morning and there is no one manning the toll booth and the automatic credit-feature wasn't working. Great. I have back up down the ramp and return to the lobby. I was less than pleased. But a very friendly and helpful Westin Grand associate, Amadou, waived the parking fee and immediately came to my assistance and got the garage toll gate and door open. He turned a potentially ugly experience into one that I felt necessary to comend. 
194621818	 This hotel was in a great location. The town of Georgetown is beautiful with great shops and restaurants. Only a $10 cab ride to the White House. Valet parking is about $40 a night and your best option. Staff was very welcoming and the hotel itself is very nice. Would definitley stay here again! 
194580226	 Very professional staff and service from arrival to departure. Great location. I couldn't ask for a better place. I love this hotel. Thank you Haile for greeting my family and helping us with out luggage. 
193802481	 I stayed at the Westin for a conference recently and the staff could not have been more pleasant. They were eager to help with every aspect of our stay from making dinner reservations for a tired crew after a day or presentations to helping with travel arrangements. Amadou and Denny were particularly helpful on the day of our departure. Look forward to returning next year! 
193559747	 Hotel was great! From the time of booking with Megan in sales til I checked in at the from desk with the night auditor &quot;G&quot; the service and hospitality wS great. I arrived late an was welcomed by a valet and seemed like thy were ready for my arrival. I work in the industry, so my standards are high but on every turn the service met my standards. Rooms are well maintained, and cleaned well! Front entrance is a little challenging as there is not a clear entrance but the service level makes up for any confusion at the entrance. I highly recommend this hotel for a weekend getaway or a dull week trip to DC!! 
192661122	 Rooms are clean and comfortable. Hotel facilities are great but it is more geared towards business stays. It is in a great location, generally quiet but sound proofing cannot handle the frequent emergency vehicules with sirens. 
192495738	 Washington really is a business city. The hotel certainly is, but has a nice touch. I believe a nice part of the people staying here are leisure travelers. Just a 10 minute walk in one direction takes you to one of the nicer places outside business hours and landmark spots of the city, Georgetown.<br/><br/>Staff was pleasant, room was big and clean. Room service was quick and mini-bar not to overly expensive. and received a nicely upgrade, even while I already opted for a paid upgrade.<br/><br/>Only downsides. There is no buffet breakfast, only a-la-carte but still way to much for breakfast I found (eggs and waffles w/ coffee for $29). They also overcharged me $40 and it took 2 months and 7 e-mails to SPG to get it back! 
217117579	 In terms of the facilities, this Westin is one of the better Westin brand hotels I have been to. The staff is great as well and I enjoyed my time here. The in-house bistro style restaurant is also very good. There's a small outdoor courtyard area, I enjoyed smoking my cigars there. Pro tip - when leaving the hotel via car, do not go through Georgetown to get back to the freeways, it's a really bad bottleneck. Instead, head south from the hotel. 
216700390	 The Westin was delightful after a long drive-clean, comfortable, &amp; luxurious. I'm not sure why several reviews found the rooms unclean but ours was spotless. Front dest efficient, pool area is small but no one else was using it, and the beds were like a dream. Many restaurants were within a 5 minute walk in a upbeat neighborhood. We especially liked the Sunday late check out-3pm. Wish we could have stayed until then! 
216662075	 I like the Westin hotel chain because the beds are always comfortable and I have come to expect a certain standard of service and quality from them. This hotel did not disappoint. The rooms were comfortable and the staff was quite helpful. In fact, I had requested a quiet room because we were traveling with a baby, and while the hotel had initially saved us a room facing their internal courtyard (traditionally the quietest rooms) the woman who checked us in realized that there was to be a wedding in the courtyard the next evening and promptly switched us to a city facing room. Also, if you like to explore on foot, this hotel is extremely well located. You can walk to the National Mall, the White House, and the heart of Georgetown within 15 minutes. Tip - for a convenient and delicious breakfast, try Bread &amp; Chocolate, just 1.5 blocks from the hotel. Their nutella pancake (more like a crepe) is to die for! 
216413211	 This was a nice hotel. Only issue is we had to readjust the plug into the tv because it wasn't working correctly. Other than that, they have a nice little courtyard for hanging out and a narrow little pool that looked refreshing. They have valet parking and it had a great bathroom. Lots of room, rain shower, separated toilet area. If you want to stay in this area, it's a nice choice. 
215829150	 It's a very safe place to live in DC, also gives you a good deal. But never say it's perfect until you see things on your bed. There're are two stains on the comforter and the sheet. The house keeper change those to clean ones. That's the end of the story living with Westin. 
215798212	 The first room I was given was on floor 2 miles away from the elevator and without a view. It had a strange musty/moldy odor. Had to trudge all the way back down stairs to ask for another room. This time I got a room on Floor 5 w/ street view. Odor not as strong here but I suspect that b/c the ac is set at minimum level when guests exit the room, it may be a contributing factor to strange lingering odor. One of the reasons I chose this hotel was b/c of the swimming pool. The pool could fit maybe 8 people comfortably..., 2 if you want to do laps...a bit of a joke for a hotel of this size. Apart from this &amp; the fee for internet service (which I thought was a stretch especially today) the hotel met my expectations. Didn't eat at the restaurant as there are plenty of better cafes &amp; restaurants within walking distance of hotel. Probably wouldn't stay here again. Plenty of better ones in the area. 
239864004	 To be honest this hotel was a bit on the tired side. Cramped shower...but the staff was fabulous especially Rachel who helped out with first aid materials. A great location too. Room service was fast and efficient. They were also prompt to answer a special request for a shower cap. An average property but great people. 
239726317	 We had the best hotel experience ever!! As soon as we arrived we were greeted by the hotel staff, everyone was personable and very attentive. Our suite was amazing!! Granted, it was the hospitality suite, but everything was very spacious and clean! Our kids did not want to leave the hotel at all. The hotel provided us with a black car for everywhere we went. Did not matter what time we returned home or started the day. The concierge made reservations for us at a restaurant and even had the staff at the restaurant provide us with extra desserts on them! <br/><br/>Again, everything was clean and the service was amazing. Highly recommend this hotel! 
239573986	 LIKED: Good location, lots of nice restaurants and services. Rooms are large clean and modern. They have both a bathtub and a shower. Generous towels. Friendly staff and reasonable rates. Internet is fast, works well, simple to use. Shoe shine service at a reasonable price. Gym suit and New Balance shoes available for a nominal fee. Beautiful view from ample windows if you get the right room..<br/><br/>DISLIKED: Expensive WiFi. $45 parking fee. $100 dollar fine if you insert your own beverage into their fridge. They do offer an optional extra fridge. <br/>. 
239566294	 This hotel is located the somewhat quiet side of Washington know as the West End, and just a short pleasant walk into the Georgetown area. It is often frequented by business types(domestic and international)and has nice rooms, good exercise room, okay pub/bar and restaurant. But what I know brings myself and many colleagues back is the staff, especially the front desk headed up my manager Vikram Navin. Perhaps even more important is the impact on someone checking in or returning from a day on the road that a doorman like HAILE. Always a caring smile and a warm hello, makes sure the valets care of you, escorts you to the desk and makes sure you get attended to asap. People like Haile in the afternoon/ Dennie in the morning and Vik's whole staff make this a place that warrants return professionals loyalty. 
239079735	 Just got back from a long weekend here with the family to see the sights of DC. Clean, well managed Westin within walking distance to downtown. We had a corner room and this area is quiet at night. Great Westin beds (as expected) with a large bathroom. Nice, helpful staff. We parked the car in the adjacent garage for $38/night &amp; walked or took a cab for our day trips. The location is key- perfect to access Georgetown at night for shopping &amp; restaurants. Easy stroll into the heart of either GW or Georgetown campus. Walking to downtown is a heartier walk but completely doable (we walked to the White House/National Mall in less than 1/2 hr down Pennsylvania Avenue and the Lincoln Memorial was a straight walk down 23rd street-20 minutes). Nice bagel shop and a Starbucks across the street. Great stay! 
238306968	 Average hotel. Downstairs breakfast area overpriced. Room was not spacious, unlike the bed. Closet is almost useless. Shower seems good for persons with disabilities. But not too modern. Mirror area could be improved-hangers could be added. 
70051126	 I cannot praise this hotel enough.<br/>We stayed for four nights and loved every minute.<br/>The staff were so friendly, and the hotel was relaxing and catered for our every need.<br/>We will definitely be coming back! 
69569848	 Our stay was pleasant from start to finish. It was a weekend that was very much needed for our family and was worth the money. Valet parking was very helpful when we came in and hotel concierge and front desk were very friendly. Our hotel room was very clean and the beds were indeed &quot;heavenly&quot;. A hotel that treats their guests like family. 
69359097	 This hotel is beautiful. The staff was friendly and willing to assist us any way they could. Yarnell Johnson, in particular was a pleasurable hostess. 
69163065	 Really enjoyed our stay here. Restaurant Dusk had a wide assortment of dishes. One hiccup in an otherwise perfect stay. Room service brought our breakfast at 0745 instead of the requested 0900. Front desk staff very friendly. $28 for self-parking in the garage beneath the hotel. No in and out. Valet also available with in and out. 
68246072	 I recently stayed at the Westin Grand with a friend of mine for a few nights and we loved every minute there! The staff was very friendly and attentive. Concierge Jeffrey was very knowleadgeable about the city and suggested a few great restaurants to dine in. We also needed a last minute rental car and Jeffrey made arrangements without any delay. The room was spacious and clean. One night we had a dinner at the hotel restaurant and the food was amazing, especially, mini crab burgers! The staff was exceptional and went out of their way to accomodate our requests. 
68078425	 My wife and I spent five wonderful days using this hotel as our base while touring DC. It is a block or two from the Metro and any stop in DC is only minutes away. We toured the White House, Capitol, Arlington National Cemetary and just about every museum in the District. It was a pleasure to return to the hotel each evening. There were always cold drinks available as a courtesy in the lobby to refresh us before we went to our room. The staff including Jeffrey the Concierge and Yarnell the Front Desk Supervisor provided the finest service of any hotel we have stayed at in years. This hotel is where you want to stay when you visit DC. 
134617716	 The location, the service, the room and the bed were excellent. Before I arrived, I asked Aureli Sloane, the hotel ambassador to provide an extra something for my husband for his birthday. When we arrived we were pleasantly surprised with cupcakes and a card signed by the staff. We went up to our room on the Starwood Preferred guest floor and opened into a spacious, clean ad modern room with a great view of M street. The location is in walking distance of a CVS and Walgreens as well as plenty of restaurants. Parking was easy and pricy (as expected). One of the highlights of the evening was the large, deep soaking tub. My husband and I both fit and had a relaxing bath....oh the romance :) I paid a discounted rate through the Westin website. It's on a quieter end of D.C. The pool was very small, so we didn't bother. Although they do have a great gym. All in all a great stay. One tiny complaint, there was a strange knocking sound. 
134531136	 Great hotel close to M Street. Would have given five stars, except the AC unit in my room made a weird thumping noise and I found it difficult to fall asleep because of the noise. Would defintely stay here again. 
134479492	 We live in DC and have stayed here twice when the power at our house has gone out for extended periods of time; once in the winter before last, then again last week after the huge storm. The staff are super attentive and the rooms are very nice--large, well-designed, and quiet. They are renovating their restaurants, so room service was 20% off and was excellent! The new restaurant will be another location of the fabulous Caucus Room, which we think is the best steak in town. The location can't be beat, either. The crowning touch was that they let us check out early when our power suddenly was restored sooner than predicted and they refunded our Starwood points. So not only are they a great hotel for visitors to DC, but they are a good neighbor to those of us who live here. 
134388466	 Nice, clean, well run hotel. Prior to our arrival my wife received an email from Sloane who identified herself as the hotel ambassador. We were not familiar with this program but it turned out to work out quite well. She had lovely rooms waiting for us and made it a point to say hi to my wife and I upon arrival. The rest of the staff we encountered were just as friendly. 
134304253	 It's dc type of hotel . It's not high as the area will not allow it. We had a bit of a problem with the front desk girl on sat night the 7th of July . We were due to have free Internet . She was not nice and then when I show her , my confirmation she said &quot;we will give it to you even if we don't give free Internet to 3rd party &quot; well, didn't like her much. Smiling .<br/>Great area ! 40 dollars for parking !!!watch it . Nice apple basket touch in the lobby . 
134277575	 Very nice hotel with very spacious modern rooms. The heavenly bed is hard to beat. 
117557068	 The Westin was such a great hotel. Everything was so clean, the rooms were small but very nice. The bathroom was as big if not bigger than the room and was very soothing. All of the staff was very polite and cordial.<br/><br/>The only complaint I had was we went on a Saturday night and twice tried to visit the hotel bar, within the bar hours, and neither time was the bar open. There were plenty of places around to go so it wasn't a huge issue but we were just trying to stay close. 
117491960	 I checked into the hotel during a hurricane b/c power in my house always goes out in big storms. The good: the hotel was very quiet and the rooms were clean. The bad: in-hotel dining is extremely limited and very mediocre; the staff at the Westin literally seem to not care about doing a good job at all. <br/><br/>Dining: I sat at the bar the night I stayed at the hotel; staff was harried and food just okay. Realize they may have been short-staffed, though, given weather conditions. The next morning I ordered in-room breakfast; it was very good and very fast.<br/><br/>Going green: Westin really appears to be trying to &quot;be green,&quot; but really it just makes the hotel look extremely cheap. No &quot;Heavenly towels&quot; - instead towels provided are small and scratchy. Everywhere I looked I was lectured about saving water and electricity - in the shower, on the tv, upon entering the room, and on the night stand. IT'S ANNOYING, STARWOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Stop lecturing your guests everywhere they look!!!!!!!!!!<br/><br/>The gym: I worked out in their gym the morning following the hurricane. The gym is very stuffy and not well ventilated at all. The equipment is in good condition and towels were available. During the time I was there, several maintenace folks came by to &quot;check&quot; on the gym. Rather than picking towels up off of the floor, or replacing the totally empty water cooler, they did nothing; they just walked in and out. When I called to have the water cooler replaced, within 15 minutes, an employee came by, replaced the water cooler and then proceeded to put USED courtesy cups that other guests had not thrown away BACK into the cup dispenser. I was horrified and grossed out. After my workout, I brought this to the attention of the front desk. Rather than ask my name/room, etc., he just said &quot;we'll take care of it.&quot; I was so grossed out that I ended up checking out of the hotel, a day early. <br/><br/>I checked out around 4 pm, when the hotel was dead. Rather than ask me why I was checking out early, etc., the woman who checked me out just handed me the bill and sent me on my way. Weird.<br/><br/>This hotel is a LONG way from being four stars. While the property is clean, it is very dated and decorated in poor taste. All of the staff, from the valet, to the front desk people, seem totally unprofessional. To say nothing of employees' effort to re-use water cups. So unprofessional. So dangerous. 
117459466	 We have stayed here numerous times and are always happy with the overall quality of the hotel. A bit of updating appears to have been done recently, which only adds to the experience.<br/><br/>Only downsides - paying for internet and $40 for valet (but it is The District).<br/><br/>The workout room is good and the location is perfect for going out on M street and Wisconsin avenue. 
117319660	 The hotel is spotless and near the center.<br/>So it would have been a perfect hotel if you sould,nt have to pay for the internet. That's a bad policy. 
117245972	 I've stayed here a few times over the last 2 years and I agree with most of the positive reviews, this is a real nice hotel. Let me tell you some things worth knowing.<br/><br/>The property used to be called Westin Grand and recently changed to Westin Georgetown. But the hotel is in the West End neighborhood, not Georgetown. To be sure, it borders on Georgetown and Foggy Bottom but you need to do some walking to get to the heart of either neighborhood.<br/><br/>West End is a VERY upscale residential neighborhood and this property is surrounded by many expensive condos, townhouses and other luxury brand hotels (Fairmont, Park Hyatt, Four Seasons, etc.) It's a very quiet neighborhood, especially at night, with a few restaurant choices (other than the hotels themselves) but not a lot.<br/><br/>I've stayed here on both weeknights and weekends, and the hotel bar has rarely been busy. I prefer a bar to be busy...not empty, and not overflowing with humanity. I'm sure it has its busy days, but if you like drinkin' alone you're gonna love this place. Oh, and the drink prices are just criminal...for a glass of very pedestrian wine and a bottle of beer I paid $30 (including tax &amp; tip).<br/><br/>The valet parking rate is a usurious $48 per night. 
117153995	 The hotel is about 4 blocks from Foggy Bottom Station and an $18 cab ride from DCA. It's close to good Thai, Ethopian and Mexican Restaurants (West on M Street is restaurant row), and around the block, there's a Trader Joe's. The bathroom was almost as large as the bedroom with a nice tub and walk-in shower. It was quiet and secure with a room key to operate the elevator. For enviornmental reasons, I liked that a key is inserted to access electricity in the room. There is no free wi-fi, but the library next door was gracious about letting me use their &quot;express&quot; computer to get on-line. The room is equipped with a snack bar/wet bar that charges the room by motion sensors, and Starbucks is provided. The roof-top pool is unheated and shaded, but there was a small party inhabiting the area, so I decided to enjoy the tub in my room instead. 
80862111	 While everyone employed was extremely friendly and helpful, I especially want to put in a word for Deenny, one of your doormen. He is amazing...I'd go back to the Westin Grand just to see him! 
80841998	 As a business traveler, I stayed at the Westin Grand for three nights a week for three years (almost 500 nights total). Keeping that in mind, I can count the amount of negative experiences on one hand. I would need 1,000 hands to count the positive experiences. From the bellmen, to the front desk, to the cleaning staff, to the business managers.....everyone operated on the highest level of cutomer service possible. Everyone cared. Period.<br/><br/>Check-in was always smooth and efficient. The rooms were always clean. Noise level was minimal. I rarely had any issues with the TV or internet. Getting my car in the morning from the valet was always an easy process. Leaving my belongings over the weekend was simple and reliable. Getting advice from the front desk on places to eat/visit was always perfect. Location was phenomenal (walking distance to Georgetown, the National Mall, Dupont Circle, and many other places). Working out in the upgraded fitness room was a great experience - never too crowded or smelly. Checking out was always smooth. Operationally, it was an extremely well-oiled machine.<br/><br/>But where it stood out from other hotels that I've stayed in.....the people. As I mentioned above, everyone cared. It's really that simple, but it goes a long way. The focus on customer service was intense and most importantly, genuine. I felt like the staff members were family. This made the difference for me. You probably won't get to that level staying one or two nights, but if you look for it, you'll see what I'm talking about.<br/><br/>I cannot recommend this place highly enough. Thank you, Westin Grand, for everything. You will be missed. 
78104094	 Thanks for such a great experience. We have stayed before and will be down again in October for parents weekend and i really look foward to the stay. I have to say that Vik goes out of his way to make sure everything goes great and we are happy. So thanks, Vik for the great experience. 
77858881	 My husband and I celebrated our 15th anniversary at the Westin Grand. We had such a memorable time thanks to the staff and manager. They did everything possible to make our stay feel special (not to include the gift of chocolate covered strawberries and champagne). The location was close to Georgetown and a nice walk to the shops. We plan on staying here during all of our future stays in DC. 
77834707	 We enjoyed the hotel, the staff and loved the location. Wonderful place. Even while under construction. 
77567762	 I stayed at the Westin Grand for 6 nights in late August 2010. Upon checking into my room, I noticed that the bathroom floor near the bath tub was dirty and had a footprint in it. I figured the maid would take care of it and since I wasn't using the area near the bath tub, I wasn't too concerned. When I checked out 6 days later, the stain was still there and the floor wasn't mopped once while I was there. Very poor housekeeping standards and it makes me wonder what else wasn't cleaned. The room was average at best and on my last night there the air conditioning wasn't working very well. The entry to hotel is under construction, so I entered through a side door near the bar. All in all not an inviting hotel. There are better options in the area, including the Fairmont across the street. 
204311887	 My college friends and I planned a girls trip to DC. The Westin was a perfect location and the staff couldn't have been more accomidating. Simone White and Lana Kim were wonderful!!! They made sure we got the best room and got us reservations at an awesome resturant in Georgetown (Rialto). We could walk to Georgetown for shopping and dining and everyone had a great time. <br/>Thanks to the great staff at the Westin Georgetown we will definately be back! 
204164161	 Good to be back in my old neighborhood. As a Platinum member I came to the hotel on points for the night for a wedding across the street at the Fairmont. Lana was extremely helpful to the last detail of a complimentary bottle of wine to enjoy in the upgraded room. As someone who stays in Starwoods over 60 nights a year, it is always nice to get that higher-touch level of service, particularly on a leisure trip. The hotel is in a nice, clean area of DC and a close walk from DuPont Circle and Georgetown. Will come back and stay here again the next time I am in town. I put this in the middle range of Westin properties with good location and modern enough rooms but at the high end with service. 
203904032	 Haven't been here for many years (I think it used to be &quot;The Grand&quot;, then the Westin Grand). Very pleasantly surprised. This area of DC (the West End) has a number of high-end hotels, but this is one of the best. Staff very friendly, rooms are modern, bright and spacious. Great bathroom, comfortable bed, large flat-screen TV, great fitness center. Overall, really nice, would stay here again. 
203661745	 This hotel is located on M street about 0.7 miles from the Metro or a $20 cab ride from Reagan-if traffic is normal. The area is quiet and residential in character. There are several drug/convenience stores within a block.<br/><br/>The rooms are on the snug side. The bath has a separate tub and shower and a single vanity. There is an in room safe and a coffee maker with Starbucks coffee packs. There is also a small electronic refrigerator with items for sale but you are NOT allowed to keep personal beverages in it -or you will be charged $100. Rooms are clean and modern. There were two power strips in the room so plenty of sockets for all your electronics. There is a charge for in-room WiFi - so use your phone as a hotspot.<br/><br/>The Gym features Life Fitness equipment. There were the usual treadmills/ellipticals/bicycles, a few individual weight machines and a multi-gym. There are free weights up to 50 lbs and two benchs. There are towels and water in the center. There were two thin floor mats and a collection of yoga and medicine balls as well. Weights and treadmills are in separate areas.<br/><br/>USA today is available near the elevators.<br/><br/>Conference food was above average.<br/><br/>Service was what you would expect from this class of hotel. 
203638085	 It's not easy to find a good hotel with a reasonable price in Washington DC. This one is certainly very good. The prices are OK for business, but a little steep for tourists. The rooms are ample in size and nicely appointed--particularly the bathroom, which has s separate shower and tub. The location is convenient if you have business in the Georgetown area. The staff is particularly accommodating, pleasant and efficient. 
203370840	 Location was great, it is on M street which is walking distance from Georgwtown and the metro station. Room was spacious, big enough for all my things. The best part of my stay was the staff. They were very helpful especially Lana. She provided my friends with a long list of recommendations for food and entertainment. I would recommend this location. 
117012238	 As a Washingtonian, SPG elite member, and world traveler, I decided to finally pay attention and dedicate a week of my time by staying at a select few of the SPG hotels here in DC and the surrounding areas (the burbs) in order to help tourists/businessmen, etc that aren't familiar with our wonderful city.<br/>The Westin Georgetown is in a great location! Convenient to the hip/trendy boutiques of M Street as well as convenient to wonderful cafes, restaurants, bars, and spas/salons.<br/>As an SPG elite, check-in went very smoothly. The woman helping me at the desk was very friendly. My first impression of the lobby was dark. It's a dim lit ambiance. <br/>My guestroom, a Deluxe King, room 636, is fairly large! Your standard Westin layout. The bathroom is really big with excellent lighting! There's no view from the window, but to be completely honest, it feels much more private.<br/>Now, to my complaints. The room is very dusty, in fact, pieces of hair were still on the cordless phone on the bed stand as well as on the radio and light (and trust me, I'm FAR from a neat freak!)<br/>When I FIRST got to the room I went to the bathroom and saw that the toilet seat clearly is worn and needs to be replaced. Also, the toilet seat was wet, there was a hair on the toilet seat as well. Even though for all the dust, the wet toilet with hair on toilet seat, and obviously worn toilet seat, I didn't complain, I CLEANED it myself. Also, the toilet makes a LOUD noise every 10-15 MINUTES OR SO!! ITS ANNOYING! NEED TO CHECK PLUMBING!!<br/>I usually don't complain to the front desk unless something really gets to me. For complaints like this, I ALWAYS call SPG CORPORATE as CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM!! <br/>As for room service. I ordered a roasted turkey sandwich on toasted whole grain. I'm on a special diet and talked to the very friendly and accommodating woman from Service Express on the phone to make specific adjustments etc... to the sandwich. She personally talked to the chef to make sure everything was done correctly, and she even called me back to ask if I wanted french fries. Since I didn't, she sent me up a salad. Later on, she even called back to check up on me asking how it was, if it was done correctly etc... and complimenting me on my will power lol. Every staff member that I've encountered in the hotel has been very friendly.<br/>All in all, this is a good hotel for those tourists or businessmen wishing to be in the Georgetown or George Washington University area. 
117003207	 We stayed for 2 nights and showed up at 12;30PM and they got us right into a room. That was important even though they say check in is 3:00pm. The room was clean and comfortable with great beds and a large bathroom with the separate shower. <br/><br/>There is the metro a few blocks away that will take you anywhere by the hospital. I recommend trying the food in the dining room right inside the doors of the hospital by the metro for a great and affordable lunch. Also there is a 24hr CVS just a block away from the hotel. Very convenient. We also were able to use the computer in the business center for no charge, just ask the front desk and they will help.<br/><br/>We were able to store our luggage upon checkout in the lobby, but I did email them several times before arriving asking if they had that service and never got a reply. My only disappointment.<br/><br/>All in all a real oasis that my 11 yr old said was the best place she has stayed at. 
116986723	 Although the oustide of the hotel looks nice, the rooms we were given were small and awkward witha slanted hallway and difficult to deal with doors. The new &quot;green&quot; system which shuts off the air and power when you are not in the room left the rooms very musty smelling every time we came back, and took to long to cool off in the summer heat. The beds were fine. The bar Dusk had a nice atmosphere, but the breaskfast buffert looked like it came from a much lower chain hotel. For the price, I would stay somewhere else next time. The gym was tiny and the equipment was sub par. No hot tub and only a small outdoor pool, suitable only for little kids in the summer months. 
116947270	 Average hotel, ok level of service. Big rooms and bathrooms. But the hotel needs to be renovated rather soon. It looks a bit old fashioned and in fact it is strange they didn't do anything the last five years.<br/><br/>On the other side it had a great gym, the location is perfect for Georgetown. And the bed was relly nice. 
116858186	 I stayed at this Westin hotel between July 28 and August 2, 2011. The hotel is a short walk (5 minutes) from the local subway station at Foggy Bottom.<br/><br/>The room was a standard with two double beds. It was excellently appointed, the beds were extremely comfortable and a good nightrs sleep was had by all every night.<br/><br/>The bathroom was of a high standard with a superb double headed shower. <br/><br/>While we were there the temperatures were over 100 degrees every day so we were glad of very efficient air conditioning.<br/><br/>The hotel has a roof terrace pool, not that big but a definate bonus.<br/><br/>Location wise the hotel is again a short walk (10 minutes) from the hustle and bistle of Georgetown itself with its diverse array of shops and restaurants. We had breakfast and dinner in Georgetown every day, as the meal tarriff in the hotel was a little hefty, especially breakfast.<br/><br/>All the major attractions are within a subway or bus ride away witht the centre of DC being about a 15-20 minute bus ride. The public transport system is efficient and of a good standard.<br/><br/>We travelled to DC by air and landed at Dulles Airport which is a fair way out. There is no direct subway link to DC from Dulles. That left us with a cab (expensive) or the bus service the Washington Flyer. Beware however that this bus service does not go into DC but links with the subway at West Falls Church but is a reasonable $15 each. <br/><br/>Regan Airport is just outside the city and is linked by the subway.<br/><br/>DC itself is spectacular, all the national buildings and monuments are free to enter the highlights being the Library of Congress accessed after the Capitol tour, and the Supreme Court. To get a feel we took a Segway Tour from Capitol Segway, $95 each for about 2 hours but well worth it.<br/><br/>The only minor criticism I had with the Westin was the cost of laundry, $4.50 to wash a pair of undies, $16 to wash a shirt! Easier to find a local laundry round about $10 for a bag of washing weighing around 8lbs.<br/><br/>All in all I would not hesitate to recommend the Westin Georgetown. 
116732148	 My wife and I spent our 10 year wedding anniversary there over the weekend and the hotel staff went out of their way to make it a weekend we will cherish for the rest of our lives. They were polite, pleasant and didn't wait for us to approach them for questions or require help. The entire staff deserves a huge service award. We will definitely be staying with them again soon. 
162333638	 This hotel is located on M Street and is about a 10 minute walk to one end of Georgetown; however, most of the shops and restaurants that are really popular are toward the other end of M Street. In peak times the walk from this hotel to Pizzeria Paradiso or Georgetown Cupcake, for example, takes up to 25 minutes. Still, there are not many hotels in Georgetown so it makes this a good option. The hotel staff are friendly, rooms very large and clean, and the beds super comfortable. We went on Memorial Day weekend and the pool was open for the season. The pool is on the mezzanine level and smaller that you may imagine. There is a business center with computers and wifi access, but there is a charge. A 15 minute session will cost you $5.95. Internet charges are ridiculous and really should be included in the rate you pay for the hotel stay. The hotel bar has a decent happy hour deal with the exception of the wine - $7 for house wine doesn't seem like a bargain. Don't bother going outside of happy hour as it is overpriced. We got this hotel for a steal through priceline. I would stay here again for a similar rate, but not the regular price. The closest metro is Foggy Bottom. 
162150206	 The hotel itself was fine. Typical for Westin. Great location near Georgetown and close enough to Dupont Circle to walk. Overall, it was fine. Nothing extraordinary. This was a good choice but it didn't leave us with the feeling that we received over the top service. It simply was good. 
162139189	 We stay in March during spring break for 3 days. The location is too far to walk for many DC attractions. Our room was small but nicely appointed. The AC was not working but it was repaired immediately after contacting the desk. The bathroom was luxurious and almost the same size as the room. The hotel held a nice complementary Meet and Greet Tuesday night and served delicious appetizers. The manager also send a cake to our room because it was my son's birthday that day. The door man was also very kind. Marriott wasn't very far, so the next morning, we walked there for their buffet since our hotel doesn't offer one. It worked out wonderfully. The hotel is also close to a Trader Joe's, so it gave us a cheaper dining option. We would stay again if only it's closer to the museums. 
162136153	 The hotel is in a great location. That is the plus. The rooms are really small and although the have a balcony, the balcony was locked!!!! I was told for liability reasons!!!! The swimming pool is really small and although located outdoors, it is not heated. The valet seems to have enough people but service is very inattentive and slow. Wireless internet is very slow even if you purchase the so called &quot;premium service&quot;. All in all it seems that the hotel takes advantage of the location but services definitely don't match the price. 
161278530	 Chose The Westin for its Georgetown location. Staff was helpful and friendly. The hallways are rather long, it was a long trek to our rooms but very quiet. Enjoyed a good tapas meal at Boveda downstairs with a delicious flan/dulce du leche ice cream dessert. Was a 2 block walk to the metro station at George Washington Medical Center, very convenient. 
160911564	 My wife and I stayed here during a weekend in April. We were fortunate to have beautiful weather and the hotel was conveniently located within walking distance to downtown Georgetown, which was beautiful and had a plethora of dining options. The hotel and rooms were clean, however there was definitely a musty smell to the rooms that I could not get rid of even when cranking the AC up. It really didnt bother me that much. Overall, a good value stay if you are looking to be right near downtown Georgetown. 
63436538	 westin grand ,excellent hotel to stay ,clean excellent service .every one was very nice to you front office person ms. yarnell johnson and mr.vikram navin keep up the good work. 
62183986	 Ahmad, the bell man, and the doormen and front desk director, Vikram Navim, were wonderful. They upgraded us when there was availability, steered us in the right direction when we expressed interest in finding a store, restaurant, etc... and brought complimentary milk and cookies for our 3 little girls in the evening. We had a fantastic stay in DC and it had much to do with the hotel and it's hospitable, friendly staff! 
62035115	 Stayed for about a week in March. Not very convenient for business or sightseeing, but cab rides were reasonable and you're a few blocks from the metro. Comfortable bedding, clean bathroom, good housekeeping service. Sundry shop in lobby. Front desk staff was polite and helpful. Bar was pretty sad, even by business hotel standards.<br/>Get an interior courtyard room for better sleep quality UNLESS there is a party, then deal with the street noise and ask for the highest floor possible. 
61266922	 Not grand as the name suggests but clean, comfortable and convenient. Starbucks, CVS, Walgreens all next door. Both Georgetown and Dupont Circle are within walking distance, which means lots of dining options available. Clean room and bathroom, which had separate bath and shower. Westin’s heavenly bed and shower are truly divine! The best shower I have used all my life! They were quite stingy in replenishing the bathroom amenities though. They provided me with a fridge on request. Some staff were very polite and helpful while some can do with a little training on customer service. <br/><br/>Tips: 1) If you are part of Starwood Preferred Guest program, then make sure you tell them at the check-in to get the points. I was a new member and there was a break in my stay and I ended up not getting points for first two nights. Apparently they couldn't find proof of my first two nights stay (even after I sent them copy of the hotel bill).<br/><br/>2) Do not to touch the snacks or open the mini bar, unless you plan on consuming! If you happen to touch them inadvertently, inform them right away and they will take it off your bill. 
61250200	 I just wanted to comment on the professionalism of one of the employees and how helpful she was in helping me check into my room a little earlier than usual. The lady's name was Yarnell Johnson and she was absolutely wonderful to me and my wife. I appreciate her well-mannered handling of everything we asked of her. She is an attribute to your hotel. 
61182106	 We checked into the hotel before noon, and were so happy our room was ready. We did have to change rooms, as our first room was particularly small. The second room was bigger, but the rooms are not very large. However, they are clean, modern and have very comfortable beds and pillows. Bathroom was up to date and had really good water pressure.<br/>The front desk staff during the day was very helpful and friendly. Since there was no concierge, they knew what to recommend. Yarnell Johnson, the front desk supervisor was extremely accomodating. We needed a late check out and she was more than helpful and very pleasant!!! Jeremy was also friendly and accomodating to our needs.<br/><br/>The only downside is the breakfast menu is very expensive and limited. However, we found numerous places nearby to eat. 
230760630	 This hotel has a wonderful location, and nice welcoming lobby. The rooms are spacious, comfortable and clean. Staff is friendly. So, why no excellent rating? Well, from a hotel of this class, I think one would not expect:<br/>- no shower gel in the bathroom (only shampoo; was fixed on day 2);<br/>- some form of night lighting (pitch dark at night, so you are prone to bumping into something as you look for light switches and/or the toilet);<br/>- a very low range clock radio, which has bad sound and is unable to get any station clearly.<br/>The good news: these are easy fixes.<br/>Is that not the service we reviewers provide to those aiming to host us to perfection?<br/>Have a nice day. 
229458130	 Stayed here in early September and was pleasantly surprised at the great service and location. The bed was so comfortable and the bathroom very spacious (I'm from NYC so my &quot;spacious&quot; and your spacious may be different!). There was a wedding going on so the pool wasn't available but we were out and about in DC so it didn't matter. Their manager, Gabrielle Ressa, gave some great dining recommendations and stayed in touch throughout the stay. 
228490515	 My family and I stayed in this hotel and we loved it. The service was fabulous. The pool is just a perfect size for children. The location of the hotel is also great. Close to Foggy Bottom metro and Farragut North &amp; West.. There's a SBUX nearby and great food options. I would stay there again next time I'm in DC. 
227794534	 We wanted to be able to walk to Georgetown and this was the hotel for us. Very comfortable, luxurious enough, the rooms are small, but that’s how it is in D.C. We were able to get out and walk around very comfortably anytime of the day or night. The neighborhood was very safe, clean and nice. 
227673177	 Stayed here for a weekend in DC. Hotel was clean, quiet and in a super convenient location. I really liked the tub and the bed. Staff was very nice and were quite helpful. Parking is convenient (albeit expensive) and the gym was PERFECT! The only thing that prevented this from being a 5 star rating was the HVAC system…it never seemed to get cool enough and ran constantly (even when we &quot;tricked the system&quot; by leaving in a key card). 
226655509	 Spent a few days in August. Lobby is under constructio. This happens and really didn't affect anything but in order to make up for any small inconvenience we were offered a few drinks in the bar. Kim, the front desk attendent was very help[ful. Returning to the hotel on a very hot afternoon, Kim asked if we would like some cold water. Not a big thing, but it is the little things that make a stay. Room was clean and the bed comfortable. Big negative is the in room refrig. It is stocked and if you remove anything or rearrange to put a personal item in the frig, you will be charged. Silly way to make a few extra bucks. A frig is available at an additional cost. 
201790330	 Hotel is within walking distance to Georgetown and the Foggy Bottom Metro Station so convenient to get around. But the real treat is the staff who went out of their way to accommodate us. When our family got caught in a downpour on the mall, they got our wet clothes in their dryer right away. They helped with restaurants, things to do, umbrellas, all of the little touches that made our stay pleasant. Jeff the Concierge was especially helpful. Thank you Westin Georgetown! 
201694772	 Good Hotel in walking distance to the historic part of Georgetown, also easy to get to from Washington DCA airport. The room I was assigned to a Starwood preferred room was spacious and had a great walk in shower. The Hotel bar was just okay. I would stay at this location again. 
201656958	 Just back from a 3 night stay at this property and overall a very nice stay. The staff really went above and beyond helping in any way they could. The bell hops, concierge, doormen and check in staff were all top notch and always doing their best to make our kids smile. <br/><br/><br/>The property is conveniently located with easy walks to Georgetown shopping and restaurants. The metro was only 5-10 min away and we also walked to the White House (about 15 min). <br/><br/><br/>If you are traveling with a family you may want to book a larger room. Unfortunately we didn't do this (used reward points so wasn't option) and we were definitely challenged for space. Room was clean and well stocked , bed was comfortable and crib was provided for our youngest. Only suggestion for the room might be addition of small refrigerator. <br/><br/>We didn't try the restaurants on the property but they looked nice. <br/><br/>Parking is expensive but I checked around and it is on par with the rest of the area. Nothing they can do on this one. <br/><br/>Overall a very nice stay we would definitely stay again. 
201608449	 My family choose Westin Georgetown because its walk-distance to Georgetown. I had a wonderful time there with Westin. The rooms are nice and the stay ambassador Lana Kim was very nice to us, even before we arrived at the hotel. Overall, I highly recommend this hotel if you plan to stay in Washington. 
201104842	 We stayed here for 6 days, a mix of business and vacation to enjoy the spring season. Can't say enough about the pleasant staff - Maddy at the front desk went out of her way to give directions, hints of good restaurants, interesting, off-the-beaten-path sights, and just to see how the days were going. The hotel is good location for Georgetown (it's not quite in it, but just east of rock creek) and relatively convenient (4 blocks) to the metro. Only downside was a mediocre breakfast at the hotel; but several convenient, good cafés near by took care of that problem for the rest of the days. I'd definitely stay here again. 
200811170	 We have stayed at this hotel several times over the past couple of years. We love the location with a quick walk to Georgetown and the rooms are nice. While we were there for a four week stay, we approached the front desk for assistance a couple of times and both times the staff didn't follow up as promised. Despite my SPG Platinum status, there weren't any larger rooms available and ultimately, I decided to move to another property to get more space. Unfortunately, only on the day of my check out did they tell me that with my status, I was entitled to breakfast in my room up to a certain amount - wondering why I wasn't informed earlier in my stay?? With a good location, I'll likely stay there again, but have lower expectations regarding service. 
145931665	 We chose this hotel to stay in during parents weekend at George Washington University. It was only a few minutes walk to the campus, and we were also just a short walk into Georgetown. Although the hotel does have parking for about $35 per night, we were able to find a spot BOTH nights on the street nearby. The hotel is very pretty, clean and is located near all the other finer hotels on every corner. The front desk and concierge service were very good. We did have a problem in our room with the air conditioner. The first night we did not use it but the second night it was so loud, it kept waking us up. I did let the front desk know but they did not offer us any compensation. We did call up for a cot as my kids dont like to share a double bed and the cot came almost immediately. The bathroom was very spacious with a private toilet area so more than one person could use it at a time. We did not eat in the hotel at all so I can not comment on that. Over all it was a nice stay. We got an excellent rate per night booking it many months in advance directly with the hotel so it was refundable if needed. I would defintiely come back to this location again. 
145927972	 My family and I spent a wonderful weekend at the Westin Georgetown. We were impressed with the hotel and the friendly and attentive service by the entire staff - like Amadou and Haile, who always greeted us with a smile every time! The front desk staff was very helpful with our requests. They sure made us feel welcomed! 
145918362	 My family and I really enjoyed our stay. The staff was very friendly and took great care of us. Amadou and Deenny were great and really went above and beyond. My kids had a great time and we never felt out of place. Especially my son, DJ. 
145774159	 I stayed in the Westin Georgetown for one night in connection with my company's holiday party. The front desk staff and concierge could not have been more welcoming and friendly. At $129 (the negotiated room rate for our party) I felt the value was good for the location. The room was nice, but didn't have some things that are important to me - thus the average rating. I missed having a refrigerator. There was a small chair but I would have liked a more significant chair or sofa to relax in. The room was very dark. I realize they are working hard to be &quot;green&quot; but I could hardly read with the lighting as it was. The bathroom was great with a soaking tub and rainfall shower (separate). Though it may not work for a family as there was no curtain on the tub and the stall had a glass door - so no privacy if someone else is using the sink or passing through to the toilet. My BIG issue was the valet parking. We checked out at noon, which I understand is a busy time. However, after I handed over my ticket and waited a bit one of the valets came over with two keys and paperwork and asked me if one of the cars was mine (it wasn't). I told him what kind of car I had. A few minutes later the experience was repeated by another valet. Finally someone asked me what kind of car I was waiting for, I told him, and 10 minutes later it was brought to me. Bottom line -- I could easily have slipped out in someone else's much nicer vehicle if I'd been so inclined - SCARY. If you do stay here and drive in, be aware that the hotel is VERY hard to spot. The small driveway cuts across the corner of M St and 24th and it's awfully easy to miss. 
145700492	 Good value for your money, great location, clean comfortable rooms, good overall hotel. Washington is a great walking and transit friendly city, and the hotel location accommodated both means of transportation very well. We didn't need a car and never used a cab once and saw all the important sites and easily made our way to and from Reagan National. 
145423094	 This was a beautiful hotel, conveniently located and the staff was marvelous! We were treated wonderfully and our room was lovely and so comfortable. The whole experience at the hotel made for a wonderful weeken. The ambassador and the concierge were excellent. We were made to feel very special by everyone. I highly recommend it and look forward to returning for another visit. 
237899459	 The stay was Phenomenal!!!!!! Gabrielle Ressa gave me exceptional service this weekend but there was another lady at the front desk that gave me Perfect service as well! I cannot remember her name but Gabrielle would definitely know her name because they both worked together and helped me surprise my girl for her birthday! They definitely deserve a raise! If you get a chance let Gabrielle know that Stephen Foster gave them this review! Ask her about the lady at the front desk as well; I just forgot her name but I definitely enjoyed myself!!! Thank YOU! 
237898175	 This well situated hotel (10 minute walk from Georgetown and GWU) is good not great. We were warmly greeted at reception as SPG members and assigned a 3rd floor &quot;corner&quot; room (#350) . What we were not told was that this was the absolute last room down three very long, ridiculously cold, corridors from the elevator and has a really strange layout. Having stayed in this hotel a few times before, I know this is not the usual room set up. Ours had a tiny closet located so close to the bed that the closet doors were unable to fully open because there was inadequate space to accommodate the night stand and bed. The large (long) bathroom had no towel rack near the sink as there is no place to put one and a weird little window at the end. To be fair, the room while an odd layout, was quiet and comfortable, just poorly laid out, as if they had squeezed in one last room in the floor plan. Hotel hallways are not heated and this particular weekend were unbearably cold. The restaurant café where breakfast was served was staffed by really pleasant, but incredibly inept waiters. Its not that hard! Based on a few prior better stays here and a location I like, I'll allow them another try, but would refuse this particular room next time. 
237775947	 Spent 2 days here and really liked it. The rooms were spacious and quiet; the bathroom was very large with plenty of storage space; the A/C was cool and quiet, and the bed very comfortable. The location is superb for visitors - close to the mall and Foggy Bottom Metro as well as Georgetown and GWU. We did not eat at the hotel so I cannot comment on the food although the drinks were pricey: $14+. Two minor complaints (hence the 4-star rating) - they charge for wifi/internet service ?? and the room has an automated charge gizmo which charges you for even touching the mini bar bottles. They fixed the charges at check-out but it was annoying. I would plan on staying here again in the near future because of the room and location. 
237496373	 For some reason this hotel used to be known as the Westin Grand but no longer was called that name. Good location at Georgetown. Staff was very friendly and courteous. I had a gigantic standard room - probably the largest I've stayed at in DC and across all Westin Chains - the bathroom was just enormous! Ordered late night in-room service and food was terrific. I also enjoyed the modern and minimalist design. Had to leave early the next day so I did not get to enjoy the hotel facilities such as the restaurants and the fitness center. Good hotel nevertheless! 
237238967	 We chose this hotel as a good central base within walking distance of all the main tourist attractions and were not disappointed. The rooms were comfortable, clean and quiet. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. We had one day of bad weather and considered Room Service. The food was of a good range but a touch pricey. However, when I also saw a delivery charge and an 18% service charge I put my coat on and went out.<br/>Why do most american hotels charge for wi-fi when there is a Starbucks near-by that gives it for free.<br/>Hope to return to Washington and would use this hotel again. 
236564208	 My friend and I spent one night at the Westin Georgetown. My parents were married at the Westin many years ago, and I was excited to see it. We got a good rate because the hotel was under construction. It didn't bother us because we didn't spend much time in the lobby where the construction was, but I could see how some people might have been bothered by it. The room was ready when we arrived (1-2pm). We had a very nice room. The bed was very comfortable and the shower/ bathroom was great too. We used the fitness room twice in the two days we were there, and we were the only ones in there both times! It was a great facility. We would have used the pool if it weren't raining. Overall, the Westin was great. The location is perfect for getting into Georgetown, Foggy Bottom or DuPont. If I ever need a little getaway, I will definitely stay at the Westin again! 
127833903	 I spent a weekend in February 2012 at the hotel and had a great time! <br/><br/>The Pros: James at the front desk was/is an amazing help...after 4 1/2 hours of driving, his friendly face and helpful spirit at the front desk was much appreciated. The location is incredible if you're interested in being close enough to the heart of Georgetown to partake in the fun, yet far enough away to escape to a different vibe. It's about a 5-10 minute walk to the Metro (subway) station for a trip to the museums and other sites and a 15-20 minute walk to the action in Georgetown. We took a cab for about $8. There's a drug store (CVS maybe?) about a block away, so easy access to stock up on snacks and drinks.<br/><br/>The Cons: The immediate area is a bit challenging in terms of restaurants (especially breakfast). The close-by options are a bit limited so you have to be prepared to either eat on-site or walk a bit. The lobby is beautiful, but I'm not sure that the rooms are necessarily up to the Westin standard. The bathroom was HUGE and very amazing...the actual room...about average. <br/><br/>Thanks Westin for a great weekend trip! 
127750715	 Westin Georgetown is in a great location. Close to the Foggy Bottom metro and a short walk to Georgetown proper and Dupont circle. Rooms were spacious and comfortable and bathroom with separate tub and shower were fantastic. One of the nicer bathrooms I've had a hotel recently. As a Starwoods Privileges member had great customer service. Was staying with a pet and they got him treats and also provided cupcakes for my friend since it was his birthday. Highly recommend this hotel. 
127679490	 We stayed at the Westin for two nights. Check in was fast and we were upgraded to a king room for no extra cost. The staff were very friendly and helpful.<br/><br/>The suite was nice, large plasma television, king bed, wardrobe and deskspace, The bathroom was amazing. There was a double shower head that you could adjust the pressure on and separate bath tub. <br/><br/>The king size bed was very comfortable with goose down quilt and pillows, with first class linen.<br/><br/>We found the location convenient and quiet, if you are prepared to walk it isnt that far from the monuments and other points of interest. <br/><br/>If i had to say something negative, it would have to be the cost of having wi-fi in your room, plus the cost of the drinks in the mini bar. However, there are liquor stores near by so not a hassle to bring your own. <br/><br/>We would stay here again if we were to visit DC again. 
127662444	 The hotel is located at 2300 block and M Street - A very exclusive neighborhood. A chines restrurant at the corner of 2300 and M Street called Mai Hwa is very good. Senator lautenberg from NJ is a regular at that place. Next door is a seafood place. The place is a little small in size. You need patience to get a seat and it is worth the wait. The hotel is one of the best at Westin chain in ambiance. If you have time, stop by Whole Foods at Foggy Bottom metro station It is quie a sight. I think they do more business at their hot food section at dinner time than the Whole Food market in my town for the whole day for the whole store 
127536895	 The location is great. Walking distance to Georgetown and the Foggy Bottom stop. Plus minutes in a cab to all the museums and monuments. The people at the Westin were also terrific. In preparation for my trip I was contacted by the concierge Sloane. She was very helpful with dinner recommendations and reservations. The rest of the staff was also very accommodating. I left my sunglasses in a cab and when I returned told the doorman, Deenny, about my situation and he offered to track down the cabbie. Within an hour the cabbie had returned with my sunglasses and Deenny called my cell to let me know. I'll definitely stay there again. 
127485733	 Whenever I am in the DC area I prefer to stay at this hotel. The customer service is consistently good and some of the employees have been there for a while and go above and beyond their duties to make sure my stay is special. The last time I was there in Feb 2012, Erwin and Ahmad the bellman were exceptional. It is also in a great location...walking distance to Georgetown. 
156620810	 I stayed at the Westin Georgetown for three nights on starwood points the week of March 26th and enjoyed my stay at the hotel. I felt I was treated royally on my late evening arrival by both the doorman and the front desk staff. The doorman, who asked my name, remembered me by name for the rest of my stay. I liked the separate stall shower so I didn't have to climb over the side of the tub and the room was spacious and clean. From this location, I was easily able to walk to my son's apartment in Georgetown, as well as all the tourist sites in DC. 
156448145	 I stayed for 5 nights and 6 days at the Westin Georgetown, so I feel like I had a good chance to experience a variety of aspects of the property. I was traveling with my husband during his business trip, and we used a number of amenities for both the business traveler and those coming in for leisure. <br/><br/>Room: the rooms are a good size for DC, and despite some saying the street-side is noisy, there is not really any noise after 9pm and before 9am. You get the usual day-time traffic, but again - so long as you aren't looking to sleep in until 11am, you should be fine. The real gem of the room is the bathroom - the tub is expansive, the vanity is sizable, and the separate toilet is a nice touch. One suggestion Westin - if you ever consider upgrading the doors in the bathrooms, please do. Putting the toilet in a separate room is great, but if the door is slatted wood, the element of privacy is removed entirely. <br/><br/>Floors: We stayed on the 6th floor (an SPG preferred guest floor). Despite being away from the elevators, the floor is just noisy. The walls are a bit thin, and the doors are heavy, so you hear everything (neighbors playing music at night, conversations, etc). Be prepared to turn on your white noise machine if you want peace and quiet. <br/><br/>Service: I had varying aspects of service. Sometimes housekeeping would miss our room entirely, even though I was out of the room by 9:30 or 10 most mornings. One day, they knocked and were surprised I answered - they had us checking out (despite the fact I was staying another 3 nights). Despite calling down for this change to be noted, we still had spotty maid service. The dining menu leaves a bit to be desired, as the &quot;late night&quot; choices don't really offer much in terms of healthful fare. <br/><br/>Misc: The wifi was TERRIBLE! We were able to expense wifi for the business trip, but if I would have paid 15.00 a day for wifi I would have been upset at the service. We went an entire day without service in the room, and for some that would be an extreme problem in an attempt to get anything productive done. FIX THIS PRONTO WESTIN! Please! <br/><br/>One bright note is that I went out on a run, and upon returning I went to the elevators. While waiting, a bellman came to find me with a cold towel and a bottle of water. I thought this was a great touch, and on par with some higher end properties I've stayed at in the past. Great job on that Westin! <br/><br/>The bars in house leave a bit to be desired. The thought is there, and the food is good, but overall atmosphere is lacking compared to other hotel bars in the area. <br/><br/>If you are looking to be proximal to Georgetown, but not in the thick of M street, this is a good pick. Be prepared to walk a bit to the metro, but overall, if this is the area you need, you'll find it a good option. I would say don't pay more than 300 a night - for anything more you can go elsewhere and get something better. 
156407814	 From the moment I made a reservations, I received an email from the Concierge, Sloane<br/>Aureli, who was a great resource in advance of our arrival to help plan a package/room decor for a special occasion. She and the other concierge personnel were extremely helpful in assessing different tour companies and planning our days and events. Everyone from the front desk to the bell staff was as exceptional and it made the stay feel very intimate. <br/><br/>The location, 4 blocks from the hub of Georgetown, was GREAT in that we could walk easily to the shops and restaurants. For those who have kids at GWU, it is THE perfect place as it is 1 block from the campus and a few blocks from the Metro. 
156394950	 We recently came down to DC from Westchester NY for the NCAA Sweet 16. We had two rooms and spent four nights. We would like to point out Sloane and James at the front desk for providing attentive service that was above and beyond. Rooms are clean and maintained and all staff on property were always polite, smiling and sincere..especially the nice Doorman from Mali.<br/>Thank you see you next time. 
155803277	 Up until yesterday I was a very loyal Starwood gold member. I always have tweeted positively and have left glowing reviews on Tripadvisor, the Europa and Regina hotel in Venice and the Park Lane in London last march for example. My family is touring colleges these last 2 weeks in March and had booked Starwood properties in Syracuse, Washington DC and Philadelphia. We checked in yesterday at the Westin Georgetown and was very upset with the room they gave us, which they claimed was an upgrade. When I called to book I was assured there would be ample room for an extra bed for my son. There was absolutely no extra space to place the roll out bed except next to the king which meant the person sleeping on the right would have to either roll over the person on the left or onto the roll out bed or pull down all the bedding to get up. We booked the room with points for 2 nights (24,000). I am usually friendly but was growing more frustrated with the response from front desk people. They claimed they could do nothing, I tweeted for help and called SPG direct. After phone calls and tweets I told SPG that I was canceling my personal and business SPG amex cards, canceling all future reservations. We left the hotel and the front desk did not even offer to help us find a room in the other Washington DC areas properties. I am so upset at the way the front desk handled themselves, they truly didn't care that I was very distressed. I was appalled and disappointed but did not yell nor was disrespectful. I made clear they were losing a loyal SPG member and the only thing they said was sorry and watched us walk out of the hotel knowing we will never use our credit cards nor stay at another property. I was truly hurt because I have always felt Starwood takes care of it's members. We had to get back in our car after driving 5 hours and look for a hotel. Luckily I looked on Tripadvisor and found the Georgetown Suites. We have a lovely one bedroom with a fold out couch. I was contacted via twitter by a very nice woman who asked if it was possible find a solution but by that time I had already found the Georgetown Suites. The only way that I could get any attention to this problem was to tweet negatively. The Westin Georgetown couldn't have cared less. 
155752361	 I spent 3 nights here recently and had no complaints. Don't go here expecting complete lavishness, but do expect a comfortable stay. The staff (doormen, front desk) were friendly and polite, but not cloyingly so. My room was actually a room for handicapped guests (I booked through a discount website, so I guess that's what they had), but that just meant things were easy to reach and the bathroom was more spacious with accommodations in the shower/tub for folks who might need to lower the shower head or not lower themselves into the bottom of the tub.I appreciated the 2 complimentary bottles of water for coffee or tea. The bed was very comfortable, the room was clean, and even though I was near the elevators, they were not loud. (In terms of noise, though, be aware that George Washington University Hospital is nearby - at the Foggy Bottom Metro station - and ambulances come past with sirens on at least a few times a day.)<br/><br/>The lobby is pretty small, so you won't necessarily want to hang here with friends, but Boveda, one of their two restaurants, has a hip &quot;Latin speakeasy&quot; vibe and the ceviche was DELICIOUS. (Speaking of food, go around the corner to Bread &amp; Chocolate and get the Red Flannel Turkey Hash - it's a great way to start your day!) Probably the best thing about this hotel - especially for people who like to walk - is the location. It is pretty much equidistant between Georgetown, Foggy Bottom, and DuPont Circle. There's a path for jogging in nearby Rock Creek Park, and you can walk to the waterfront to watch the geese and ducks. There's lots of restaurants nearby, good people-watching to be done, and a Metro station in two of those three neighborhoods.<br/><br/>Overall, I had a good experience. 
221137583	 If you are visiting DC and want a convenient, comfortable, and restful hotel experience, go to the Westin in Georgetown. The location is accessible to both Georgetown and the Mall, the staff is very helpful and friendly, and the rooms are quiet and comfortable. Other than the expensive, slow internet room connection, we were happy with our experience at the Westin in every way. Highly recommended!<br/>Judy 
221090355	 This hotel is breath of fresh air. My roommate and I desperately needed a break from our small, hot NYC apartment - so we decided to book a “Westin Weekend” at the Westin Georgetown, Washington DC. Our stay was amazing! The hotel is located in a quiet neighborhood in between Georgetown and DuPont Circle, surrounded by foreign Embassies and missions. While a very quiet part of town, it’s about a 15 minute walk to the nearest Metro station. Georgetown and Durpont Circle areas are both about a 12 minute walk and there you can find enough bars, restaurants and shopping to keep you happy. The staff at The Westin was friendly and didn’t waste our time checking us in or out. The room itself was clean, bright, and huge! The rooms are so large and well insulated we didnt hear any noise and selt very well throughout the night! The bathroom was very large and featured a standing glass rainfall shower, separate bathtub, huge oversized mirrors and sink. The design of the room stayed true to Westin’s traditional yet modern style with an overall feeling of peaceful, understated luxury. This hotel is truly amazing and I want to thank Westin for a fantastic weekend in DC! 
220983778	 We checked in for a two night stay. We had a deluxe room. The location of the hotel is wonderful. If you have to park a vehicle, go to www.spothero.com and you get to park at the hotel for a fraction of the price.<br/><br/>Our room was facing More Street. All night, you could hear sirens go by. The bathroom in our room had white streaks down the walls and the wall that the toilet sat against was very dirty. The faux suede chair in the room had stains on the arms and the back. <br/><br/>I doubt that we would ever return to this hotel. 
220701744	 My wife were there in July/August, 2014. The hotel staff upgraded our room due to being SPG member, a nice touch. The hotel is clean in a fairly good location. Close to downtown Georgetown, but a bit of a walk to the Capitol and National Mall. Staff was friendly and helpful. Still waiting for one of the several deposits to drop off my credit card. Hopefully, that will happen soon and I won't have to follow up. <br/><br/>The room was nice. It had a balcony but no way to open the french doors; apparently a safety concern. Although understandable, it was a bit disappointing. They gave us the option to earn SPG points by canceling our housekeeping. Each day we could choose one or the other; a nice option. <br/><br/>There were snacks on the dresser next to the TV. However, they were at a very high cost. One day, I turned the TV and the edge of the TV bumped one of the containers next to it. I had to call the front desk because if anything is even slightly moved from the snack tray, you buy it... They did take care of it for me but the tray gets in the way of the TV and was a bit of a pain.<br/><br/>The service, staff and food in the breakfast cafe left something to be desired. The prices were high. (Although they were generally high for everything, everywhere in DC, they weren't compatible with the service (slow) and the quality of the food). The staff was very slow both times we ate there and each time, there were no more than 2 or 3 other tables occupied. <br/> <br/>We chose this hotel because we had SPG points we used for some of the nights. That helped offset the total cost. <br/><br/>Overall, it was a good hotel and we would probably stay there again. 
220156934	 From the moment we checked in, to the need to extent our stay due to flight cancellations, to the moment we checked out, this hotel was superb. The bellman, the concierge, the desk staff, the pool facilities, the housekeeping staff, everything was above and beyond our expectations, and delivered with a smile. Not only would I recommend this hotel again, i hope I can visit it again too. thank you to all the staff, and management, you have set the bar high. 
219706620	 My wife and I stayed at the Westin for a weekend in D.C. in August of 2014. Overall, our stay was great. The hotel is clean and the staff is helpful. Room was nice - very comfortable King Bed, nice view as well as a huge bathroom. It was our first time in D.C. and the concierge recommended some great restaurants as well as a few tourist things to check out. The bar and restaurant are pretty good overall. The location is excellent as you can take a 10 minute walk in to the Georgetown area of D.C. Overall, a very good stay. We will most likely use this as our &quot;go to&quot; hotel when we're in D.C. 
181259208	 We just returned from a school trip to DC, with 88 middle-school students. The staff at the Westin was incredible. Amadou, Deenny and Abdel went out of their way to make our stay smooth and successful. This is a perfect hotel in DC to take a group large or small. The location is great and the service, OUTSTANDING. We will definitely take our school groups to the Westin Georgetown in the future. 
180840665	 The Westin Georgetown is easily the nicest Westin property in which I've stayed. <br/><br/>The hotel features spacious rooms with high-end fixtures and spa bathrooms. <br/><br/>The hotel is conveniently located within walking distance of DuPont circle and shopping in Georgetown. <br/><br/>Service at the hotel was very good, in spite of it being a very busy weekend at the property. <br/><br/>My only complaint - and I do mean only - is that our room service was not delivered as promised. After being told we could expect to have our food within 20 minutes, I was disappointed to learn our meal had not even been started to be prepared 40 minutes after ordering. This was a small blemish on an otherwise excellent stay. <br/><br/>I would not stay any where else in DC. 
180197968	 Great customer service from the front desk, bellhops, valet, and staff, especially from Amadou, James, and Erwing. Overall, the hotel was nice. My only concern was staying on the top floor, but unable to open the windows for fresh air (vs. Air Conditioning). Location is also decent (just be mindful of the tricky corner on trying to pull into the valet section of the hotel). 
179867368	 I arrived late night and the people were extra friendly. The staff were helpful in every way. The hotel is located about a 20 min walk from the reflecting pond. I asked for a late check out and they granted my request without additional charge. The rooms were clean and top notch. I will be staying at this hotel for my next DC visit. 
179673030	 Hotel is located in Georgetown , an attractive center, full of restaurants and shopping. Rooms are quite descent. We paid as five stars hotel. However they charged USD 45 per day, for parking and also charged for Internet , which is not acceptable. 
179600346	 My husband and I recently celebrated our anniversary at this hotel. We had a fantastic weekend. Our room was immaculate, the bed was extremely comfortable, and the hotel is in a great location in Georgetown. The &quot;Stay Manager&quot; Lana Kim went the extra mile to make us feel special. We hope to return every anniversary from now on! 
18620377	 As I start all my reviews, a 5 is hard to get. It's reserved for those that exceed expectations. I've been to many Westin hotels and this one is up there on my list of favorites.<br/><br/>The location:<br/>The Foggy Bottom location was great. The walk to the metro is approx 15 mins, a little more than I'd like, but not bad. (not because I'm lazy, but because you already spend the whole day walking to everything anyway). From there, its a short trip to the monuments and buildings. Just a short walk away from the hotel is shops galore. There are plenty of great places to eat nearby as well.<br/><br/>The service:<br/>I booked the hotel with my starwood points so that helped. Overall, the front desk and concierge were helpful in assisting us. They helped us find a great breakfast place around the corner (Chocolate and something..).<br/><br/>The room:<br/>A lot of the review pre-Apr 2008 talk about the dated decor and such, but not anymore! This room was beautiful. I couldn't find a single flaw (could have had dual sinks, but no biggy). The rooms are gorgeously decorated, and the bathrooms are impeccable. After doing some work on my house and knowing costs of remodeling bathrooms, these guys definitely shelled out the big bucks. For a hotel room in DC, this is a very large-sized room. The room itself was probably one of the best Westin rooms I've ever stayed in. <br/><br/>Overall:<br/>I'd stay here again, but only because of Starwood points - too pricey for paying cash. If you had to pay by cash, I wouldn't recommend spending more than $400ish to stay here for a night. All in all, this was a good hotel with a beautiful room. I wish valet was cheaper (since there is no street parking to be found), but this is DC, so it should be expected. 
18432305	 Finally used our Westin points; well worth it. We had a larger corner room (2 queens, 2 love seats, coffee table) looking down on the pool area. A great size for a family of four with a lot of luggage. The pool was a nice relief after a day of college touring and sightseeing. The room, the location (a 30 minute walk to the Lincoln Memorial) perfect; and the staff very friendly and helpful. Valet parking $30. seems like a deal after paying $47. in San Francisco. The Westin has never disappointed us. 
18400216	 The hotel is nicely situated a few blocks from the Foggy Bottom/GWU Metro station &amp; located in a nice, safe area. Our party consisted of myself, husband and our 11 year old son. When we first entered the lobby there were many guests waiting in suits so we felt a little under dressed in our traveling clothes of shorts &amp; polos, but immediately felt welcomed by the front desk.<br/><br/>We booked the room through Priceline &amp; paid $99 per night, plus $28 a night for valet parking. The parking garage directly under the hotel is closed until sometime in August and the nearest overnight &amp; weekend parking was a few blocks down on 24th street. We still felt we got a bargain! The front desk didn't treat us any differently that other guests and our room had a nice view of 24th street. The one thing that I really enjoyed about the room was the soundproofing. We never heard noises from the hall or other rooms and the only noise I ever heard was a loud horn from the street.<br/><br/>Our room was equipped with a king bed, they supplied a rollaway bed for no extra charge (and it was very comfortable), as well as a separate fridge from the mini-bar upon my request. The room was not as spacious as a suite, but the bathroom was very large &amp; came with a separate glass shower &amp; soaking tub. The toilet was in a separate room off the bath, with its own door so that was also a nice convenience.<br/><br/>Housekeeping was very through &amp; maintenance was quick to arrive---we needed help with some TV issues and they arrived quickly. Another time a light burned out in the toilet area &amp; they arrived within 5 minutes to change it out. We experienced a water leak from the side of the shower and when I mentioned it to the front desk they wanted to upgrade us to a larger room (2 queen beds). Unfortunately it would not have included the soaking tub so we turned it down, but it was a nice gesture. They (instead) picked up our valet parking tab for the 5 nights we stayed and moved us to the same type of room next door &amp; sent up 2 bellman to move our things for us.<br/><br/>The room came with a terrific flat screen TV that swiveled, 2 bedstands, a large armoire with iron &amp; ironing board, large safe, 2 side chairs, a desk area with desk chair and larger dresser-type area that held the mini bar (behind the door) and some drawer &amp; shelf space. They also supplied wine glasses, a corkscrew, ice bukcet &amp; tongs, tea &amp; coffee pods plus the pod coffee maker. An interesting note is that there is a &quot;weighted&quot; tray on top of the dresser area that holds jelly beans and other goodies, if they are removed you will be charged for them so be careful to put them back if you don't want to get hit for the cost of jelly beans ($7) plus service fee, etc..<br/><br/>The exercise facility is quite large with free weights, a number of treadmills, ellipticals and other weight equipment. The pool, however, is tiny and we didn't use it as we have one at home. We did not dine at the restaurants so I cannot comment on them. We did, however, get a bit of a surprise in regard to laundry (in general) in Washington. We had been traveling prior to this stay so we needed to launder some clothing &amp; found that this hotel ( and every other one in the area) did not have an in-house laundry area with washing machine for us to use. I had not asked ahead of time and had to travel about 2.5 miles to use one. Just an FYI if you are traveling &amp; need to do any laundry during your stay. Not a reflection on the hotel at all. They did have a laundry service to send our items off &amp; have them done for us, but since it costs $3.00 to launder 1 pair of socks, I did it myself!<br/><br/>The hotel stay was really terrific and we enjoyed our time at the Grand! 
17808405	 I stayed here during the 4th of July weekend. I booked the hotel via Priceline and got a great rate compared to what the room normally goes for. This has to be due to the lobby area still undergoing renovations. Upon check-in, there was a little mix-up with someone else with my last name reserved for that weekend. Payment was requested but I told them I had prepaid through Priceline and the problem was quickly resolved. I don't know if I received the other person's room or not, but I was placed on the Starwood Preferred Guest floor. The room looked great. I loved the Heavenly Bed, stand-alone Heavenly Shower, and the flat screen TV. I requested a refrigerator due to them only having a minibar and it was immediately brought up. At checkout there was a billing snafu (partly due to my fault). In checking out the room, I guess I had some of the snack items off the sensor tray too long, so I received a bill for $60+ for nuts, snacks, and a mini-bottle of wine. Once I explained that everything was in its right place, the charges were removed. I would definitely stay there again! 
17801254	 Only a snob would find things wrong with this hotel! We stayed for a full week and enjoyed every minute.<br/><br/>The hotel in itself is clean, contemporary, comfortable and very beautiful. Our room was large and the bed was extremely fluffy. <br/><br/>The service was excellent. Everytime we passed an employee (even in the elevator) they would greet us and ask if they could help us in any way.<br/><br/>The location was very good. Only a couple of blocks from the Foggy Bottom metro station. Also, a couple of blocks from Georgetown where there are tons of places to eat. CVS, Walgreens and Starbucks are within a block. I felt very safe walking in the area at all times of day. (Close to police station, fire station and hospital.)<br/><br/>I would strongly encourage travelers to check out the Westin Grand. 
17666683	 We booked this hotel through priceline for a girls getaway weekend in DC. The Westin Grand is a perfect mix of modern Westin style with the classic touches of a DC hotel. The Heavenly Bed and spa bath accessories were very luxurious and we loved the modern bathroom decor. The hotel has a small pool to relax and sunbathe overlooking the atrium of the hotel, as well as the fully-equipped Reebok exercise facility. Georgetown shops and restaurants are within 3 blocks, making this a great location to explore M street. The staff was very friendly and helpful. 
120602066	 Excellent location in Georgetown &amp; great service. Our room was small but clean &amp; comfortable. The bellman (Amadou &amp; Erwing) and restaurant staff were very pleasant &amp; courteous. 
120552077	 The room was terrific, and so was the service. There is a very pleasant bellman there named Ahmad who was incredibly helpful and courteous. Highly recommended!! 
120538983	 Hotel was located nicely for our visit. The staff was very good, especially Amadou and Erwing. The gym could have been better equipped but the bed was &quot;heavenly&quot;!!! Thought wifi should have been free. 
120478716	 The hotel was nice enough. The room was spacious and the bathroom was very nice.The only thing is it wasn't a very big hotel as the name might lead you to believe.The lobby was very small and the outdoor entrance was even smaller. They had started to remodel the entrance a couple of days before we left on July 8th, 2010. They had nice fresh fruit and nice cold water for the guests which was a welcome after a day of sightseeing. No concierge in sight. I like hotels on a grander scale. 
119939896	 The hotel was in great location, close to metro and walking distance to other areas. The hotel was clean and service was friendly. 
119690233	 We were cautious of this hotel since we got it for dirt cheap on Priceline. The hotel was in the perfect location. It was nice, the staff was friendly and the bathroom was amazing. If I had to choose one drawback it would be the upcharge for things like wifi but I think that is pretty standard. It is attached to a pay per park garage at $34 a night. Pretty great deal in D.C. We loved it and would stay again for sure. 
85414853	 Quality hotel, well maintained, good location, and better than average amenities. 
85287324	 I have stayed in this hotel for work off and on for the last year. <br/><br/>Fabulous staff:<br/>- Deenny (Bellman)- From the first week of my stay 12 months ago he has remembered me and always has a friendly smile and greeting for me. Every Friday, his friendly, &quot;See you on Monday&quot; makes me not dislike heading back on the road the next week. <br/><br/>- Yarnel (Front Desk) - From week one she has known me and has been so friendly. Always knowing my name and welcomes me to the hotel. She has been fantastic to work with. <br/><br/>Great Location: So close to Georgetown - easy to get around<br/><br/>Easy to fnd a cab: Even when raining, this hotel is able to get cabs and get me to work on time<br/><br/>I travel 100% of my time for work and this hotel has made me feel so welcome when I am away from home. 
85178749	 Could not have asked for more! Beautiful Westin hotel right in the heart of DC. The staff is top-notch - friendly, professional, knowledgable and always right there when you need them! 
85169875	 My experience everytime I stay at this hotel has been great which is why I will only stay at this property when I visit DC. From the door attendants welcoming me back after my long day to the helpful front desk attendants and lastly the amazing beds and bathtubs in each room make it a great place to rejuveniate for the next long day. <br/><br/>Yarnell Johnson at the front desk especially goes out of her way to help me get around the city and is always keeping me up to date of the new hip restaurants/places in the city. It's just great to have familiar places when I come back each time. 
84962982	 This Westin was a VERY pleasant surprise, and because of the combination of comfort, quiet, location, and value, I would seek it out as a place to stay. The rooms are the &quot;usual westin&quot; but everything was meticulously clean, carefully placed and folded, and easy to deal with - every day. Housekeeper got a big tip! It was also unusually quiet even though I was on a lower floor. All in all an excellent stay. 
84944063	 The hotel was beautiful, the location was impecable and the customer service was the best I have encountered in DC. I travel to DC quite a bit for work, but this time I was here for a vacation and decided to check out the Westin. The front desk staff was so friendly! Yarnell really stood out and helped us with fun things to do! I will definitely chose this hotel again! 
134039668	 This Westin is probably best suited to the business traveler. When we were there (late June 2012), they had no restaurants (under construction) and a pop-up bar in the lobby. It was the kind of bar you would expect if you hired a party rental company to set up a portable bar in your backyard. That said, the bartender was super cool and he was able to make whatever we ordered. The pool was the biggest disappointment. There is absolutely no view, and minimal sun, due to the location of the pool (surrounded by the towering hotel wings), and it's just a boring pool - a slender rectangle wtih no depth. My 9 year old could walk across the entire length without so much as going on tippy toes! Location is nice for walking Georgetown, but I'd suggest waiting until their construction is done. And plan to swim in a boring pool. 
133950493	 We stayed for two nights with our son and my parents in a connecting room. The front desk staff was helpful after a lengthy discussion of why I requested and hoped to get a connecting room. After seeing that I did indeed request it, I was given connecting rooms. However, the room my husband, baby and I were given had a giant column in the room, which left little space after the crib was added to the room. (watch out for room 248)<br/>The bed and pillows also were not that comfortable and the A/C on a day of 105 degree did not work too well either.<br/>On the plus side, the valet and bell hop service was excellent. Erwing and Amadou were so helpful throughout the entire weekend and thought of everything we needed even before we did.<br/>My son also enjoyed the outdoor pool in courtyard. 
133940821	 While it is well located within George Town and walking distance to many attractions.....Its clearly and old style hotel. There is no exec lounge and my room was so small the room service had to placed on my bed. I'm platinum status and still only had a tiny room overlooking a roof with a musty smell. They don't even deliver the newspapers to your door. You have to get them at the elevator bank.<br/><br/>The restaurants and bar are also closed for renovations. They have a wedding type bar set up in the lobby. So in the morning the tiny lobby smells of beer. 
133880062	 To put it in Washington political terms, staying at this particular Westin is like having a conversation with Sarah palin and then realizing that if you had crossed the street you could have instead talked to Condi Rice (Park Hyatt) or Hillary Clinton (Fairmont) both of whom are more interesting and way more accomplished than Sarah. The only thing that the Westin has going is the great location. Otherwise is just blah...! Tiny rooms, no resturant, slow valet. Wifi was adequate but the desk and chair were also small and not very conducive to do any work. One think that caught my attention was the layers of linens and blankets, which for the summer were absolutely unnecessary. Lastly, I asked for hypoallergenic pillows and the desk staff decided to give me a hypoallergenic room. This happens to be a shoebox of a room with a big door sign that reads something like &quot;Westin preferred guest&quot;. If this is how Westin treats their preferred guests, then forget it. I even asked for a chair because the room only had one. It took three calls to get one. Anyway, this property goes on my short &quot;never again&quot; list 
133858251	 If you are staying in the DC area on business, look no further than the Westin in Georgetown. Very convenient to the metro, a nice healthy walk to DC proper, and the rooms &amp; service really are top notch. As someone who works out regularly, I was blown away by finally experiencing a hotel fitness club with NEW equipment. Will stay here for all my future DC business trips. TWO BIG THUMBS UP!!! 
133808049	 My family stayed at the Westin Georgetown for 3 days at the end of June. It was a disappointing stay. <br/><br/>Most of the hotel hardware looked alright except for the noisy air-conditioning and the far-from heavenly pillows. Most importantly, the management and the service standards have a lot to be desired. <br/><br/>We took Amtrak from New York city to DC, and brought along a lot of fruits we bought near the Penn Station, bananas, red apples, pears, plums, apricots etc. We returned at the end of second day to the hotel and found that the room wasn't cleaned properly and all our fruits were removed. I reported that to the duty manager, Rebecca that evening only with a very impolite and disappointing response. She didn't apologize for the housekeeping standards but asked what specifically went wrong. She didn't want to believe that we brought in our own fruits and questioned if the fruits removed were VIP amenities provided by the hotel. As a matter of fact, as a SPG platinum member, I am experienced that in most Starwood hotels, VIP amenities such as fruits or a bottle of house wine are sometimes offered and brought into my room upon arrival. This time, the VIP fruits included a banana, which my son consumed on the first night, a green apple and an apricot. Both the VIP green apple and the apricot, together with our own fruits disappeared on the second day !!<br/><br/>Rebecca said she would look into the matter and revert to me. But I never heard from her since. She also indicated that she would arrange to 're-instate' the fruits. What fruits, I'm not sure and I didn't bother to ask. Anyway, no fruits were ever replaced or brought into our room in the following before our check out.<br/><br/>Fruits are no big deal. We're in Washington DC. We could easily get as many and as much varied fruits as we want. That isn't quite the point.<br/><br/>Strictly speaking, taking away fruits is without doubt an act of theft. <br/><br/>That the Westin Georgetown could have such a a bad mannered and irresponsible duty manager is very unsatisfactory, and as a frequent guest and a platinum member, I am very much shocked.<br/><br/>The Westin Georgetown experience was regrettably a sad glitch in our otherwise rather pleasant 2-week summer breakaway. 
125053317	 I stay in DC every week at one of the 2 Westins or the Capitol Hilton. The service at these three hotels is typically good. However, Haile Selassie, one of the doormen at the Westin Georgetown, actually remembers and greets me by name. What I found so unique, was that Haile did this on my second stay. He is professional and attentive. Thanks - Shawn McCollough 
125025876	 I stay in DC a few times a year for business, and this was the first time I took my family with me. It was the nicest hotel I have stayed in Downtown DC for the price $(135 conference rate). The bathroom is very elegant, and the tub is wonderful. The fruit infused water in the lobby is a nice touch. My 5 year old son loved the pool area. 
125008476	 Amazing Hotel, great staff and they know the importance of giving back to the community! 
124916106	 Spent only one very comfortable night at the Westin. Room very clean. Bed was sooo comfy. Nice large bathroom. Also appreciated how quiet the halls and all of hotel was. Definitely stay here again. 
124903463	 We had a wonderful one-night stay at the Westin Georgetown over President's Day weekend. The service was top-notch, the room was very comfortable and appeared to be brand new. We found the room to be super clean and the modern bathroom was fantastic. Our 3-year old loved the oversized bathtub! The front desk staff, especially James (I think that is his name) Vik Navin, the concierge (I think it is Steve) and Amadou and Erwing at the door were so helpful and nice. We were even supplied us with bottles of cold water for our drive home! I work at a five-diamond hotel property (not Starwood) and cannot think of one negative thing about this hotel. We will be back for sure and I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay near Georgetown. 
124776833	 After getting stuck in the elevator for 10 minutes, I was beginning to be concerned. However - the staff really came through and the engineers not only rescued us but escorted us up the next elevator and to our rooms with a smile. The operator who was on the phone with me was very nice and reassuring. The manager sent up a nice bottle of wine and cheese platter. After calming our nerves with the wine, we walked into Georgetown for a nice dinner.<br/><br/>The room was ok and pretty much average for an older hotel. It is a&quot;green&quot; hotel so you have to put your room key in the slot to get power. The trouble is that the thermostat then resets to 72 and the room was a bit stuffy on our return. The thermostat was difficult to operate and I spent a lot of time it seems pushing buttons. I finally used a second key to keep the heat where I wanted it while I was out. The lightbulbs in the lamps are the energy efficient CFLs and not quite bright enough...however...the bulbs in the bathroom are the newer LEDs. The result is that the toilet room has the very best light for reading of any hotel I have ever stayed at! I am not sure that is what they were going for but ok, I'll take it.<br/><br/>The doormen Erwing and Amadou, were wonderfully friendly and helpful - they were absolutely great.<br/><br/>Although a platinum, no upgrade.<br/><br/>The bar was pleasant and had some lighter fare food which was nice when we did not want a full on meal. The breakfast was fine but the $5.50 coffee seemed high when the OJ was only $5<br/><br/>If not for the great staff, I would rate average but they made the difference in our stay. 
34794919	 Jerome provided me with excellent service upon checkout and went above and beyond the call of customer service when I experienced a problem with my credit card upon checkout. The following day, Julie worked very diligently with me and my credit card company to resolve the problem created with my credit card company. The bed was the most comfortable bed I have slept in at any hotel. Our conference was a great success because of all the personal attention we received from the staff. 
34677607	 The Westin Grand was a nice hotel. The room was very clean and nicely appointed for a typical Westin. The bathroom was fine as well although it did not have the signature Westin shower head - that was a little dissapointing. It is farther from the Metro than we thought. Its a good 5-10 minute walk which isn't horrible in DC however the last 2 hotels we stayed at in DC the Metro was much closer. Its in a great neighborhood - Georgetown is not that far down M Street..<br/>The one complaint I do have is that The Concierge failed us miserably! We asked for the best Metro stop to get to the American History museum - the concierge didn't even know if the museum was part of the Smithsonian. She gave us the wrong directions to the closest Metro stop. It would have been easier to just give us a map and let us figure it out for ourselves. Also, my husband called the concierge prior to our arrival to have flowers delivered to our room for my birthday. The flowers never came. I expected more from a Westin. Would I return? Yes, it was nice but I think I'd consider other Starwood properties first. 
34670004	 Stayed at the Westin Grand for the 4th of July. The hotel is nice, although don't expect any kind of view! The beds are comfty and there's starbucks coffee in the room which is nice. Parking is $35 per day for valet service BUT you can choose self parking even though it does not state that on their website. Self parking is $28 per day, but there is also a lot behind the hotel on 23rd Street which is about half the cost, it's not covered, but it's a cheaper option. We stayed with our pup and had no issues. Check in went fine, but the agent at the check in desk was not particularly helpful and didn't leave a lasting impression of difference that the Westin is supposed to be known for. Overall, it was pretty cheap for DC, however I would choose another hotel a little closer to most sites as this one is a bit further. 
34625345	 My family was visiting D.C. last spring and wanted to stay in a location convenient to Georgetown and all the other tourist sites. The location of the Westin Grand was perfect. An easy walk to Georgetown and a short cab, bus or metro ride to anywhere in the area. Upon checking into the hotel my family of 3 was given a room with one king bed. I'd specifically requested a double when I made the reservation but there were no doubles available for that night. They gave us a roll-away. While we were out touring the next day, they moved us to a double room but were quick to pass the blame for the wrong room reservation on to the website that we used to book. They ignored my suggestion that they should work that out with the websites they use for booking and not make it the customer's problem. When they moved our luggage to the new room, they inadvertently gathered my sons beloved stuffed monkey up in the sheets and hauled him off with the dirty laundry. When we discovered he was missing we immediately went to the front desk and pleaded with them to help us search. The monkey had traveled virtually all over the world with us and we knew he had to be somewhere in the hotel. Although it was quite obvious how distraught we were, the front desk staff and night manager were completely unsympathetic to our concerns. We had to camp out in the lobby until after mid-night insisting that they pay attention to us. It was frustrating and very trying as we knew that if they sent the laundry out to be cleaned we may never get him back. We persisted until finally they contacted the head housekeeper who had put the stuffed animal in a closet for safe keeping to be returned to us the next day. We were extremely grateful to her but unfortunately we had to make a really big deal about it before the staff even began to make inquiries. They also failed to mention the huge construction renovation project that was going on during our stay. The jack hammers started early in the morning and they went on all day long into the late afternoon. Fortunately they didn't work on Sundays. So to sum up, they were confused about our reservation, the construction noise was deafening and they were complacent about our misplaced personal items. One should be able to expect more from an upscale hotel such as the Westin Grand. I would have moved to the Ritz Carlton if they had any rooms available. 
34290393	 Easily one of the nicest hotels that we have ever stayed in - everything was perfect !<br/>The room was spacious and luxurious - everything that you could possibly want - great TV, super huge comfortable bed, modern spacious bathroom with bath. Awesome.<br/><br/>The staff were friendly, unobtrusive and nothing was too much trouble - we had a faulty hairdryer (late at night) and it was replaced in a few moments - hassle free. No sycophantic toadying for tips.<br/><br/>Great food and dining (for all budgets) is a short walk down M street to the prestigious Georgetown or for further afield - the Foggy Bottom Metro station is only a 10 minute walk away. This in itself was a delight - I don't think I tired of saying &quot;Foggy Bottom&quot;. Hearing the train announcers say &quot;Foggy Bottom&quot; is also an unbridled pleasure. <br/><br/>For sightseeing - The Mall, White House and Capitol Hill are all in walking distance, if so way inclined.<br/><br/>We got a great deal on Hotels.com but standard prices are steep so shop around if you can.<br/><br/>Brilliant Hotel !!!!!!!!! 
33977717	 The good:<br/>-- Well located for Georgetown's main street (M St) and pretty-well for Foggy Bottom metro station (4 blocks, less than 10min walk). Lots of great food / shopping in Georgetown, and, very near all the Washington attractions.<br/>-- Fairly recently built, with nicely appointed rooms<br/>-- Great breakfast cafe and Starbucks right out the front door<br/>-- Friendly staff<br/><br/>This was a very good stay. Only things that don't make it a 5-star are the following: <br/><br/>(1) Doorman ordered our airport car to collect us at 4pm pickup for 6.45pm Sunday flight from Dulles -- it was 4th of July weekend so I could understand him booking it a bit early, but, it turned out to be way earlier than necessary for a domestic flight, leaving us at the airport 2hrs and 15min ahead of the flight. I should have had them call early afternoon on the Sunday to get a better sense for traffic, and adjust car accordingly, so part my fault; <br/><br/>(2) Concierge could have directed us better towards local bike rental options -- there were a few, and some with better bikes than others -- and it didn't feel like he knew the options available and prices. We ended up finding them ourselves. For a upper end chain, I should think they would have Georgetown services down cold. But the staff were otherwise very friendly and quite helpful.<br/><br/>All in all a very nice hotel to which we would return. 
124547489	 Prior to checking into the hotel, I had a few billing issues and called the hotel to address. Stella, in Group Sales, was fantastic and responsive - she made sure that I was comfortable with the billing situation, and followed up with me when I had additional questions.<br/><br/>The hotel itself is in a great location, especially if you plan on doing some shopping on M Street in Georgetown. It's only about a half mile walk from to many shops and restaurants. It's also very conveniently located to the Foggy Bottom-GWU Metro Stop - I would say perhaps a 7 minute leisurely walk. <br/><br/>The only complaint I had was the rather thin walls/doors. As a Platinum member, I was upgraded to a Studio King Suite. I was very pleased with the upgrade, and duly impressed by the size of the suite and the cleaniless of the bathroom. However, it became evident later in the evening that the walls/doors were quite thin - I could hear doors closed everytime a guest arrived or departed from any of the rooms near the vicinity of my room. At 1:30am in the morning, I was woken up by loud screaming, cursing and objects being thrown against the wall from the room next to mine. If you are a light sleeper, I would suggest bringing ear plugs or ask the front desk to assign you a room that isn't close to other occupied ones. 
124443880	 My husband and I stayed here as an early Valentine's celebration. The staff was very informative and accommodating.. especially Ahmad Bellman. He let us know about all of the hotel amenities and services with a friendly attitude, great sense of humor, and genuine kindness. We have stayed at The Westin before and each time it is continual great service. We have decided to use this hotel for all of our vacation stays from now on. The only suggestion I would make would be to not charge for Wi-fi or other amenities. I have been to other lower scale hotels that let you use wi-fi for free and also offer you little travel items you may have forgotten without charge. 
123801700	 We stayed here 2 nights in Jan 2012 while visiting relatives in DC. The location is excellent, it is very close to the metro and was a quick 1/2 hour trip from Dulles airport. It is also only about 2km from the memorials so we spent a half day walking to the Lincoln Memorial and on to the Smithsonian museums.<br/>The rooms themselves are excellent. We used points for the stay and they gave us a top floor double which was huge and extremely comfortable. It is very modern and clean, and the beds are extremely comfortable. To do provide a couple of computers in the business centre including a printer. They also provide 1 hour free wifi each day in the reception area. 
123527100	 I stayed here for two nights for a conference hosted in the hotel facilities. The conference details were very good with food and beverage service nonstop. Dusk provided a good stop for drinks at the end of the night; I didn't have any food there but the sliders looked good when another table ordered some. My room on the 8th (top) floor was incredibly spacious with a great bathroom featuring both a soaking tub and a shower stall. A great stay in a nice location! 
123262824	 Took the kids to DC this weekend 1/14-/16 and stayed here with points. First thing to note, this hotel is in the middle of town and as such has no parking lot. You have two choices pay 36.00 a day and you go get your car or pay 40.00 a day for valet service and they will get it for you as much as you want all day long. The hotel is very nice, has a nice lobby, big bar area and restaurant. The restaurant is very expensive so beware. I am from NJ and I know what expensive is trust me. The rooms have a flast panel hd tv and we had two full beds. I don't know why in the better starwood hotels you get full beds, but if I stay at a sheraton I get two queens or even king. The room has a nice bathroom with seperate toilet room. The show though is very small, hard to even turn around. We were on teh 7th floor which I think is reserved for starwood preferred guests as all the doors said that. the room has a media hub so you can plug in all your connected devices, you would not know this though unless you took the top off the thing to find it. You could also if you brought your own cables hook up a dvd player or laptop to the tv through the media hub, but who brings male to female laptop cable with them, the hotel did not have any. <br/><br/>The place was nice but for the points I would stay at a sheraton or four points and have a bigger bed. There also is no pool. <br/><br/>Oh and we went to DC cupcakes, they are good. One thing to note if your going to DC and seeing the monuments, there is no place to eat there unless you wander out about a mile or go eat some junky food in the museums. 
123217018	 From the moment of arrival until collapsing in the heavenly bed, the experience was exceptional. The bellmen, especially Erwing and Amadou, were wonderfully friendly and helpful, the front desk courteous, helpful and welcoming, room service perfect and housekeeping immaculate. We've come to expect such from Westin and, again, we were not disappointed! 
89843707	 I had a great experience staying at the Westin Grand Hotel in DC recently. The room was very comfortable and clean. I love the location too because it was moments away from many great restaurants. All the staff were so helpful, especially one of the front desk helpers who I believe is Kevin. He actually helped me organize and print out a Powerpoint presentation that I had prepared for a partner! Overall I would definitely stay at this hotel again if I were to come back to DC. 
89777445	 The staff here are fantastic. In particular the doormen! Deenny is the BEST. Also like Erwing and Haile. Katharine at front desk is wonderful too. Wonderful beds and rooms. Quiet rooms if over courtyard. Very convenient to Georgetown and to the Metro. 
89746090	 When traveling in DC, I always try to stay here -- the staff is phenomenal, especially Deenny - the &quot;face&quot; of the property. He always makes me feel like this is my home away from home - and I see him do the same for each guest. Kudos on such spectacular service! 
89733890	 Had a great stay at the Westin Grand. Everything was amazing. And the gentleman that worked at the door, Alain Kenow, was a true gentleman and very helpful with our bags and getting a taxi. I'll be coming back. 
89578145	 everyone from alby who made the reservation to deenny who greeted me every morning and hailed me cabs to jennifer at the front desk made sure my stay was wonderful. have already rebooked an extended stay next month when work takes me back to DC. thanks all. 
89572061	 The Westin Grand a/k/a the Westin Georgetown is the best hotel in DC - best staff in town with Jennifer at the front desk standing out with all the others! 
89172320	 We have stayed at this hotel many times before. The service and staff have always been outstanding.<br/>During our past trip, we were greeted as always by Amadou, the head of the bell staff . He is always smiling and is most accomodating to any requests we have. He and his entire staff really do treat us like family which means a lot to me , my wife and daughter. 
89109795	 I have been staying at the Westin Grand for over 12 years. They provide Consistent Quality Service. Deenny the Door Man, has been at the hotel since I started staying at the Hotel. He always has a smile, is courteous and helpful. 
88992790	 Great location, facility, and staff. At every turn I was treated warmly, and they seemed to welcome any question. At the front door was the superb Deenny. As I preferred to walk to my appointments, he made sure I knew the best way to get where I was going. His energy and humor were a great start to the work day. My employer hosted an evening reception at the hotel, and it was beautifully managed by Carolyn Horton. The space (M Street Grille), food, and service could not have been better. Another great staff that assisted was Ammalla. When I stopped into the grill early in the day, she was serving as host for the lunch crowd, yet she made sure to answer my questions about the evening. She was also working our event, and when I had a last minute request right before we started, she followed up and made it happen. 
88658229	 Our stay at DC's Westin Grand was a very pleasurable experience. The room decor was upscale and nicely appointed, the morning room service / meal was outstanding, and the hotel's location near Georgetown is tough to beat. Of notable mention were the prompt, attentive services we received in the lobby and valet parking by associates Erwing and Amadou... An excellent overall experience in hotel hospitality. 
88656153	 Was helped by the associate Ama Dou in the front lobby. He was very friendly, polite, and with a big smile. Thank you for helping make our stay so wonderful 
88480974	 the staff was great. amadou was very helpful. the rooms were clean and location was convenient 
185522406	 The Westin Georgetown is a lovely hotel, ideally situated for exploring the area....whether on foot, by taxi, or by metro. The room was clean and spacious, and the Heavenly bed was incredibly comfortable. My bathroom was large, clean and modern, with plenty of counter space for storing your toiletries. I was greatly appreciative of the two complimentary bottles of water, as well as the Starbucks coffee facilities in the room. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful, patiently answering my questions and providing detailed directions. I would definitely stay there again. 
185474657	 Mr Valdes not only took care of an early breakfast for me but above and beyond made sure I had a much needed pot of coffee. I know he didn't have to go to that added effort but I sure appreciated the Ritz like service at this Westin …..<br/>thanks Enrique 
185124127	 The manager emailed me a few days before my stay to see if there was anything she could do for me. I did have a few requests and each one was fulfilled by the time of check-in. The manager also left a complimentary nut plate. All the rooms are clean and comfortable. I stay here each year I visit DC and will continue to stay at this hotel. The staff goes above and beyond. 
185102161	 This is a very nice hotel with ample room space and friendly front desk. We had a good stay and this hotel is very near to all the attractions and restaurants. The metro station is just 2 blocks away. 
185083994	 I love DC, and all of its hotels. I don't love old and musty...<br/>The Westin was a wonderful hotel with lots of promise and excellence, but the old carpet smell on the floor I was on was very discernible. The carpet had to be too many years old, and there is little you can do at this point except replace it.<br/><br/>Room ws comfortable; food was very good; people were nice; location was great. REPLACE THE OLD CARPET SMELL AND WE COME BACK REGULARLY! 
184967508	 This was our second stay at this Westin...we enjoyed our first visit that much. This time, Lana Kim went above and beyond to help us enjoy our weekend. We loved the beautiful surprise that awaited us in our room and really appreciated her recommendations for jazz clubs. We look forward to our next runaway weekend with Westin. Thanks, Lana! 
145187662	 We've stayed in Westin's around the continent and we've yet to find a real problem with any Westin.<br/><br/>The Westin Hotel, Georgetown is a good hotel with quality service. The Restaurant is top notch (see other review) and my wife and I gladly had drinks, dinner and dessert with no hesitation. <br/><br/>The rooms are clean and there were no issues with housekeeping. We had a problem with the air conditioning. I think, and I could be wrong, but because of the policy in this hotel of not being able to open the windows, with the fact that their green policy shuts down the AC when not in the room, this can lead to a mustiness in the room. Add to fact that when they clean the bathrooms and then leave, you get humidity trapped in the room. We did have to change rooms because of the mustiness. The second room was better, but I had to leave the room key in the electricity activator to keep the mustiness at bay.<br/><br/>All things considered though, the hotel was worth the cost, conveniently located, and provided for a good vantage point for exploring the city. We drove in, and it was not difficult to reach the hotel. 
144950894	 We stayed here one weekend night in October and found this hotel has a lot going for it. We were upgraded without asking into one of their exercise rooms. It had weights an exercise bike and yoga equipment as well as exercise videos so you could have a nice workout in your own room. The room was oversized so even with all of the equipment there was plenty of room.<br/><br/>It had everything you would expect at a Westin, accomodating staff, clean updated facilities and a nice/bar restaurant in the basement. We had breakfast there and it was quite good and considering everything pretty reasonably priced too.<br/><br/>Now for the location, it is convenient approximately equal distance to Foggy Bottom, DuPont Circle and Georgetown. But in spite of being in the middle of everything or perhaps because of it, it is pretty dead in the area right around the hotel. We walked around looking for a nice neighborhood restaurant and didn't find one we liked until we had walked all the way to Dupont Circle. So if you're thinking you can stay here and just step out of the hotel for a quick meal and drink it's not going to happen.<br/><br/>Still a nice Westin and I would reccomend it 
144936042	 I booked this hotel by accident, I meant to book the Westin in the city. If like us you want a super-central location this probably isn't for you.<br/>However I'm happy we landed here although a fair old walk in to the mall we enjoyed seeing a side to Washington we hadn't discovered before and foggy bottom night life.<br/>The hotel itself has some great facilities and the service is excellent very friendly, the gym had good and plentiful equipment, great coffee shop across the road and wonderful bagel store around the corner.<br/>Excellent stay and wonderful value 
144816362	 My husband and I really enjoyed our stay at the Westin Georgetown. We stayed in a variety of places in the States and Europe during our recent trip away and this hotel was one of the better &quot;value for money&quot; places we stayed.<br/><br/>The rooms were clean and modern (comfy bed, great bathroom), and the staff we encountered were all friendly and helpful. The hotel was easy to get to: we flew into DCA then caught the Metro to Foggy Bottom and walked 5-10 minutes up the road to the hotel, which was an easy walk (with 2 large suitcases) and perhaps the only tricky part was crossing Washington Circle. We left DC on Amtrak and simply caught the bus from opposite Foggy Bottom Metro (there is another bus which picks you up closer I believe but it wasn't running when we left early in the morning). Easy!<br/><br/>The only downside for me about the hotel was the lack of free wi-fi.<br/><br/>Overall DC is a great city - the Smithsonian museums are all free and one of our highlights was biking around this fabulous city using the Capital Bikeshare bikes. As others have mentioned, this hotel isn't actually in Georgetown but Georgetown was so easy to get to using the bikeshare bikes (and definitely worth a visit). Another great find for us was Devon &amp; Blakely which was a place that had inexpensive, healthy and delicious food (soups and salads etc.), just down the street near Washington Circle. 
144706138	 My wife and I decided to spend the night in DC in the Georgetown area and what better place to stay than the Westin. A few things I liked about the hotel:<br/>1. Proximity to historic downtown: About a 5min walk to all the stores<br/>2. Dupont Circle: Its about a 10-15 min walk to the hotel and lots of places to eat around there<br/>3. Rooms: as all Westin hotels, excellent with the heavenly bed so comfy. Great night sleep.<br/>4. Service: Friendly staff, courteous desk staff too. <br/><br/>Only bad part: parking is $34/ night, very expensive so if you can avoid driving there or find another parking spot around do that.<br/><br/>Other than that, it was an awesome stay totally worth it and highly reccomended. 
144596163	 The Westin Georgetown was very clean and the staff were friendly enough. There were two things we did not like about our stay at the Westin. First, was the fact that you have to pay extra for the internet- really? That should be standard- even Starbucks has free WiFi. Second, the two restaurants on the property were being renovated and therefore, we had to find somewhere else to dine. We arrived late evening, so it was a bit inconvenient to find food and grab a night cap. Otherwise our stay was pleasant. 
116507897	 We loved Gerogetown and the Westin is ideally situated. The hotel is quiet, rooms spacious, service great and the Concierge knowledgeable and friendly. The best - you made our trip very enjoyable. 
116437707	 bid on priceline...got this hotel<br/>paid $78+tax...just under $100/night. Deal!<br/><br/>good location<br/>friendly doormen<br/>loved the fruit infused h20 avail in the lobby (it was about 100 degrees outside)<br/>VERY comfy bed / pillows<br/>spa like bathroom<br/>safe in room<br/>good complimentary bath products 
116288129	 A great Westin property in a great neighborhood of DC. I stayed here three times in May for work and had a great experience each time. The room is great. Terrific bed which you always get at Westin properties. Plus some high-tech amenities, which are a nice touch, like high quality hd tv, a great desk with tons of plugs (exactly what you want as a business user) and great chair for doing work / taking calls. The bathrooms are really nice and modern also. The suites are fantastic, but the regular rooms are very nice too.<br/><br/>The restaurant has great food. It closes slightly early, but that's probably just relative to NYC standards. 
116176863	 I love this place. I travel here very often for work and I feel as though it is my second home sometimes. I am ALWAYS greeted by the most friendly and attentive door men (Amadau and Deenny) They always have a smile for me and help me with my bags. I look forward to returning to the hotel to see their happy faces. The staff is all very attentive and always remember me. Very clean and located right by Gtown for good dinners. 
115995935	 Stayed at The Westin Georgetown for one night in June 2011. Greeted promptly as soon as we pulled up in our car and valet immediately assisted with luggage and car. Check-in went smoothly. There was water very nicely set up in the lobby to and it was a nice touch as it was a very hot day. Room was on SPG floor and room as very nice. It was very spacious for what I expected a hotel to be in DC. Used the fitness center and while the fitness center was just okay, the pool was a great amenity to have in such hot weather in DC. Would definitely return as I like the location to Georgetown. The Westin is across from the Park Hyatt Washington DC. 
115916777	 After an impressive stay at the Westin in Tyson's Corner, Virginia last year, I jumped at booking a Westin for my son's recent college tour trip. The location of the Westin Georgetown was ideal for hopping around the city of DC. However, our room was a bit disappointing. Since this is a &quot;green&quot; hotel, there is no air on in the rooms until the room key is inserted into the system. Unfortunately, this left a horrible musty, stale smell in our quarters. It dissapated several hours later, but returned every time we left our room. Our king bedroom was TIGHT (in fact, we almost didn't have room for my son's rollaway bed). In contrast, the bathrrom was spacious and laid out beautifully. (We were tempted to roll his bed in there!) The staff was gracious and friendly and accomodating. 
121021845	 Really comfortable hotel, the rooms very very quiet and very tastefully decorated. The staff were very helpful. I would stay here again and recommend to all.<br/><br/>This hotel was is in a safe neighbourhood, great for see the city on foot. We prefer to walk and this hotel is a 10 min walk from the great restaurants at Dupont Circle, and 25 minutes from the White House or Lincoln Memorial. There are also handy Metro stops for connection to Union Station or The Capital.<br/><br/>Definitely try and fly into Reagan DCA Airport. It was a $25 cab fare to the hotel! 
120868228	 Great character, top notch can't beat it.<br/>quick, friendly, engaging made you feel like family 
120829910	 This was our first time in DC and we did not know what to expect, but we found this hotel to be in an area where we felt very safe. The hotel is located within convenient walking distance to the sites, restaurants, and shopping. The hotel was spotless and the room was spacious with the a heavenly bed. There was a large closet with a safe that was large enough to hold my large laptop, camera, other electronics, and the wife's purse. There was a large bath with both a shower and a tub, twin sinks, great lighting, and all the amenities a person needs. The staff was extremely friendly and always acknowledged us by name. They were always helpful with any of our needs from the time we arrived until we left. The doorman, Deenny, sets the stage with a very helpful and friendly welcome. The restaurant food was spectacular and the server was very friendly. I would definitely go back to this hotel. 
120782556	 This hotel has everything you'd expect from a Westin hotel: the amazingly comfortable beds, a &quot;heavenly shower&quot;, and helpful staff. My room- with its lovely king sized bed- had a shower and a separate bathtub that was large and wonderful. In the lobby, there is water flavored by slices of cucumber. I thought this was a nice touch.<br/><br/>The location was great, though this really is too west to be considered Georgetown (and therefore benefits by being close to the metro stations). It is a few blocks from GWU, foggy bottom, and the Dupont Circle area.<br/><br/>The cons: The rooms were a tad small. I also thought that internet was grossly overpriced. 
120717590	 My husband travels frequently to Washington DC. I went to school at GWU and love going back to visit when I can. The Westin in Georgetown is such a great location. You are on the tip of Georgetown shopping on M Street and close to Dupont restaurants. I love being able to bring our two small dogs when we travel there. It is nice to still have luxury with pet friendly locations. We had a wonderful experience here at this hotel and would reccomend it to anyone visiting the area. We met a very nice and welcoming doorman while we were there named Deenny. He made us feel at home while we were there. This was a great locale and had great service. 
120711878	 My recent stay at the Westin Georgetown was everything I expected from a Westin. It really exceeded my expectiations. The hotel was beautifully decorated, welcoming, accommodating, clean and quiet.<br/><br/>The entire staff I encountered was courteous, happy and quick to accommodate. You are always greeted by the staff no matter when they see you or the hour. The Staff's attention to details regarding guest accommodations and request is more than impressive.<br/><br/>The Valet staff never let me touch a bag or a door. They always remembered and called me by my name and also made sure as a woman, I felt secure and safe. They were always conscious and concerned about my safety and as a result, I felt safe and secure.<br/><br/>The Hotels food menu had a wonderfuls assortment of food items that were absolutely delicious. Food was prepared fresh everytime and server hot and timely in the resturant and <br/> to the room by room service.<br/><br/>The airline lost my bag upon my arrival and because of the wonderful ammenties the hotel offers, I did not miss not having my luggage. The hotel promptly delivered my bag to me upon receipt of the bag from the Airline's delivery service.<br/><br/>Ayman, Halle, Solomon, three other gentlemen from Valet (I forgot their names), Melvin, Susie, Amsalle, (front Desk), Jeffrey, Concierge, the Room Service staff, Housekeeping staff, and the resturant Hostess and server. Thank you all for making my stay one of the best and one I will always remember and appreciate. <br/><br/>This will be my hotel choice whenever my travels bring me to Washington D.C. 
177953114	 The Westin Georgetown is by far my favorite hotel to stay at while traveling to D.C... The rooms are very clean-housekeeping does an amazing job of cleaning the rooms-bathrooms are impeccable and the lay out of the glass stand up shower along with the heavenly bath tub is very relaxing and luxurious (love the leaf shape soaps). The front desk agents are very nice- an individual who was very professional, kind and accommodating was Aldo, Sanchez. He deserved to be recognized for his outstanding guest service qualities and pleasant attitude. He truly made us feel like we belong at the Westin. Additionally “G” the night auditor was extremely helpful as well- he went out of his was to send me towels at 2:00am and provides us with additionally amenities; as we have several rooms at this property. They honored us a late check out that added the cherry on top of our stay! I usually select the W- as the hotel of my choice but not anymore! The Westin Georgetown has exceeded our expectations and we look forward to returning to this property! THANK YOU ALDO AND “G” you guys ROCK! 
177598181	 I have never written a review for a major hotel brand like this, but I must say that the the staff at this hotel made for a different experience than most brand hotels in which I have stayed while traveling. Having planned a leisure trip with friends, we had a couple of special requests from the hotel. Not only did Lana take care of every request, but she left us a handwritten note saying thank you and met us at our checkout - a service I would really only expect at a small or boutique hotel. Because Lana and the rest of the staff made this a unique stay I recommend it. 
177461499	 I very much enjoyed my time at the Westin Georgetown. The proximity of the hotel to Dupont Circle and Georgetown make it an excellent hotel for a carless stay. <br/><br/>Check-in was easy, and the staff was very courteous. Our room was a good walk from the elevator, so make sure to request closer room if that bothers you. The room itself was nice, except for the support beam in the middle of the room. This essentially rendered a good portion of our space useless, which was exacerbated by a poorly-placed armchair. <br/><br/>Nonetheless, I would certainly stay at this hotel again. The two hotels on the property look decent enough, and there's a Starbucks about 500-feet from the hotel entrance. In this case, the pros far outweighed the cons. 
176896401	 The Georgetown Westin's staff is excellent. They really make you feel welcome. We had the chance to thank Erwing, at the door, who has many years working for the company, and who's friendly attitude and efforts to please us was exceptional.<br/>Thanks!! 
176454425	 The staff here has always been kind, professional, and very helpful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in the area. James, Aldo, Deenny, Amadou and all others .... you do an excellent job every day. Thanks! 
176354036	 The Georgetown Westin was the host hotel for my daughter's wedding over Labor Day weekend. We had approximately 35 rooms booked by our guests. The Westin staff was incredible. Everyone was friendly, helpful and extremely sincere in their efforts to make us feel welcome. They made this the best hotel experience of my life. It felt like home and felt like the entire staff was part of our extended family.<br/><br/>If Nordstrom's is the epitome of retail service, then the Westin Georgetown staff is now my gauge for the best in hotel service.<br/><br/>They constantly were asking how they could help, the staff knew us by name, the door attendants always warmly welcomed us back, the front desk staff was knowledgeable, accommodating and always looking to go the extra mile to help. The concierge had lots and lots of suggestions for our every need, the housekeeping staff was excellent and the event staff made our post wedding brunch the perfect ending to our spectacular weekend. If you are thinking of hosting an event at the hotel, you will be extremely excited when getting a chance to work with their Elise, their event manager. She is incredible.<br/><br/>All of our guests were thrilled with the accommodations and were constantly telling us so through the whole weekend. <br/><br/>The Georgetown Westin deserves a 10 on a scale of 1-5. 
110095632	 Great hotel, great location. The staff is very friendly and helpful. In particular I would like to thank Amaddu and Deenny for their consistent assistance during our stay. We'll definitely be returning in the future. 
109573397	 I stay at the Westin Georgetown weekly and the staff there is like a second family. Deeney goes out of his way to make sure my bags are loaded and my car is pulled up while I run across the street to grab breakfast. I have watched him escort patrons to cabs/cars in the rain holding out his umbrella and keeping them dry. If only all employees had this much pride in their jobs. 
109323699	 I was disappointed and because I am writting this on my blackberry I will not go into detail. However, I will look into the Ritz next time. 
109295720	 I stayed one night here. I had a corner suite with windows facing 2 streets. It is in the business area of DC. I thought it would be very noisy in the evening. Surprisedly, it was very quite during the night. Staffs are very professional and friendly. Rooms are very clean. I specially like the small tray on the living room desk with about 6 different power plugs for Iphone, Ipad, BlackBerry or other kind of phones. I would like every business hotel to have it. I do not have to take all my chargers for my cell phones and other electronic devices. 
108471335	 Recently I traveled to Washington, D.C. for my nephew's college graduation. I was traveling with my 13 month-old daughter and my 74 year-old father. After reading that some establishments in D.C. are not child friendly, I was very anxious for my trip. But, the staff at the Westin quickly put me at ease. Everyone loved my daughter and treated us with the greatest of care. As an owner of a Westin Villa, I have stayed at many Westin and Sheraton properties. This was by far my best experience. Some of the best service was received from Ahmad (the bellman), Amadou, and Erwing! Thank you gentlemen! 
108465570	 A spiffy in town spot, convenient to the best DC has to offer. Don't miss the martini's in DUSK, and look for friendly service from the check in team, including helpful and efficient valet auto service from Amadou &amp; Erwing, who will warn you about one way traffic on &quot;M&quot; street as you depart. 
210457556	 I have traveled much of a travelers life and I can say that this is the first time that I have ever felt compelled to comment on a hotel experience. THE WESTIN GEORGETOWN was a great place to stay regarding room rates, quality keep up, cleanliness, operational devices, scented cosmetics, and best of all customer service. There is one employee specific that was extremely helpful, attentive and knows exactly where to go to get great meals(reasonable on the pocket, this especially got him kudos with me!), I'm officially shouting out Associate Erwing! Keep up the good work and thanks for the two iced water bottles also for my drive home. 
209916160	 Stayed for a business trip and the satff was great especially the bell and door staff. Amadou and Deenny, were outstanding. I may have spelled their name wrong so I apologize. My aging dad came to meet me at the hotel and got lost. When he arrived he was very rattled and they quickly jumped in and calmed him down and turned his stress into a smile. Thank you!!!!!! 
209904930	 The room was rather small but had everything we needed, with new amenities. If we wanted a larger room we would have paid a lot more. Large breakfast area with meats &amp; eggs...good enough. Excellent bed. Very close to everything, you can use the metro to almost anywhere you want to go, One elevator was broken so that made the stairs necessary to use. Overall great place! 
209890500	 I arrived at this hotel for a weekend stay with my partner and was welcomed by a very friendly front desk agent, Lapu. He is a sweetheart and very accommodating. The room was perfect for what I needed after long days of walking; it was quiet, and the bed, well, heavenly. Jeffrey, the concierge was helpful and kind. Matt in the Caucus Room was a fellow New Yorker and a delight to chat with. The hotel is situated about a mile+ from the monuments, which for us, we found to be convenient. Overall, we had a wonderful experience and would certainly return with no hesitation. 
209787527	 Having just stayed at the Georgetown Westin, I must rave about the experience!! the staff is nothing short of amazing. Cat and Julia in particular made my best friend and I (girls weekend) feel like royalty. We actually bonded with the staff so much that we want them to join us on our next girls trip!! These two made us feel special and went out of their way to enhance the already amazing experience. The location of the hotel is impeccable. The restaurant options are plentiful and the service staff at all were prompt and accommodating. We cannot return soon enough!! 
209653654	 Our stay, started out a little rocky, due to an issue with our room, which had been reserved over 3 months...however the staff took care of it. I want to commend the concierge, Jeffrey and an associate Lapu-Lapu...both are a definite asset to the hotel... Jeffrey is one if the best, if not the best, Concierge in the business. The hotel is in a great location, close to the Metro, walking distance to Georgetown, and many restaurants. Truly, I have two minor complaints....I think a continental breakfast should be offered, and the hotel needs to upgrade their basic cable. Once we returned to the room, watching television was an ordeal....if you love ESPN, you're good. I would DEFINITELY stay this Westin again, and would recommend to friends and family. 
65052697	 The beds were very clean and comfy, and the location was nice for shopping and local restaurants. The neighborhood was somewhat residential, and we felt safe. At first, we cabbed it a lot, but then started using the Metro, which was fast, clean, easy and cheap -- so much better. Other than the bellmen, who were fantastic, the staff was not top notch. The concierge was a joke, and on more than once occasion, gave us misinformation, or just plain couldn't answer questions. One night, she never even returned our call after promising to get us some information. One guy at the front desk, altho nice, sent us (walking) to a restaurant late one night that was closed. The maid took all of our separated toiletries and makeup and piled them all together. I asked for three coffees, and she only brought two. The chair in our room was filthy. Loved the fruity water in the lobby! Overall, tho, I wouldn't categorize as luxury, and I think it's overpriced. 
64740482	 My wife and I recently had a wonderful stay at The Westin Grand. The hotel is in an excellent location with easy walks to Georgetown, the Metro (Foggy Bottom station), and even the Kennedy Center. Overall, the staff was extremely pleasant and efficient to deal with, in-hotel food was very good, including a great concept of a wide selection of small plates for light dinners or late-night snacks in a very nice bar. 
64462887	 Nice bedroom and bathroom with good work surfaces and internet. I liked the elegant design of the furniture and fittings. The bed was very comfortable. My only problem was that the heating/aircon was very noisy and woke me regularly from my sleep. Breakfast was waiter-service and original - I liked it. Front desk was not very friendly and checked me in and out very mechanically. I had to pay for internet in the room - I think it should be free. These are things to be improved but my overall experience was positive and I'd probably go back (although I'd shop around before deciding). 
63898606	 I was greeted by Jerome, probably the nicest and most helpful person I've ever met at a hotel. He put me in a lovely SPG room on the 5th floor, which was perfect. It was clean and comfortable-- best beds around and the tub was a highlight! The hotel itself is quite nice-- I used the restaurant (very good) but didn't hit the fitness facilities. Very close to things, easy walk to Foggy Bottom Station.<br/>When I checked out, I again got Jerome at the front counter-- this guy is a gem. Very positive and seems to really love his work and meeting people. I would absolutely stay at this hotel again! 
63852121	 The Westin Grand, very nice and polite staff made our stay unforgettable,specially the doorman erwing, he gave us VIP service. We asked him about bars open late, he recomended, &quot;Do not drink too much, but if you do and get drunk do not hesitate to call me and I will be there to bring you back&quot;. Good sense of humor made our stay wonderful. 
63739682	 Always met at the door with a smile and helping hand. The best in town - 
72185680	 Let me start by saying that I have traveled +100 days a year for the past 20 years all over the world so I know a little about what I am writing about. I've also never been so steamed to write a review before so you are now prepared...<br/>The Westin Grand does not deserve to be a westin. When I booked a room for a saturday night in July while college touring with my teenage daughter I noticed it said &quot;run of the house&quot; as room type so i called westin 1 to ensure they knew I needed a room with two beds. Sadly, when I arrived at the Westin (through a grotty basement parking lot evelator) the reception desk informed me that no rooms with two beds were available. When I pointed out that I had called over a week in advance with this simple request , I was told it was never passed on by WESTIN 1 to the hote??? (what's the point of calling then?). They then offered me a room with a cot. When I then requested the manager on duty , i got nowhere...actually, i got an offer of a cot again - nothing more. <br/>In all my years of traveling I have never had a hotel make less effort to meet a simple request. <br/>Overall, this is the worst Westin I have ever stayed in, and I've been to dozens. The pool is pathetically small, the rooms are poorly insulated for noise and the staff... well, when I called to speak to the general manager after getting nowhere with the duty manager, I got a recording saying he/she was off for the weekend and that I should speak to the duty manager... How's that for care, attention &amp; personalized service? For all you folks that raved about the front desk staff on prior reviews, obviously they either do not work there anymore or were all on vacation.<br/>For the rest of you travelers, DC has plenty of great hotels, this just isn't even close to being one of them. You have been warned... 
71507724	 This property has an excellent staff, great accomodations and wonderful location for business and leisure travellers going to Washington DC. Even with new construction, our stay was memorable...my children asked if we could move to the hotel. :-)<br/><br/>Special thanks to Jerome who always saw fit that our every need was met, to Zigi in the Cafe who took special care of our children (offering childrens items that weren't on the menu) and to the bell staff that were respectful when ever we left or arrived back at the hotel. They even gave us great instruction on how to walk to Georgetown for ice cream. 
71489168	 Went there on 4th of July. Overall, I should say, probably the best hotel I've been staying in so far. Great room, nice, clean and modern. Unfortunately, we've been distructed a bit by our drunk teenagers neighbors, but at least the hotel management took care of us and offer the free parking next day. 
71156003	 We stayed at the Westin on our D.C. vacation. The hotel is very clean and well decorated. The staff were beyond courteous (I would run in the morning, and the bell man was nice enough to have a towel AND ice cold bottled water waiting for me). The hotel is nicely situated about a half a mile from the Metro subway, and a 1-2 miles from Lincolm Memorial. The Westin is in a safe neighborhood (we were walking at 1a in the morning with kids with no worries). The next time I am in D.C., I will definitely be staying at this hotel. 
70561496	 We enjoyed our stay. The room was neat and well appointed and the staff was courteous and friendly. Mr. Ahmad Bell, the bellman, was particularly helpful. We wish him and The Westin future success 
70099138	 The Grand Westin were very accommodating to changes to travel plans, room requirements and getting calls in the middle of the night (by overseas traveller getting the time difference wrong). No problem was too big. The room was exceptional, the bed was so comfortable I wanted to take it home with me. The staff were friendly, attentive and knowledgeable. Thoroughly enjoyed my stay. 
150998578	 The hotel is in pristine shape, which it would have to be to survive in this neighborhood. Room was comfortable, but the thermostat just makes it look like you have control - you can't get the room cooler that 72 no matter how long you leave the AC on. <br/><br/>Biggest fail was front desk - I arrive at 3 and was told my room wasn't ready. OK - it happens. I waited in the lobby for about a half hour (there aren't many places in this hotel to gather or to work/wait) and saw 6 people check in and get rooms. There was a shift change and so I approached the new team and asked if there was progress on my room - they had no idea why I was told I had to wait. They got me a room right away.<br/><br/>The bell staff, the room service staff were both great. 
150390829	 This hotel was GORGEOUS! WE stayed over a weekend during the summer with our infant for a wedding. That said, we had the wedding rate which was greatly reduced. <br/><br/>The hotel staff had a diaper genie and crib there when we checked in. The beds were like clouds. They were prompt with replenishing our towels.<br/><br/>The wedding was absolutely stunning and the staff help pull it off seamlessly. 
150338240	 Stayed at this hotel over Inauguration weekend. Despite what I'm sure was a full house, the staff never ceased to smile, often greeting me by name throughout the day. In over 100 hotel stays last year, this is the first time I've been contacted personally by a member of the staff prior to my stay asking if there was anything I needed and afterward checking in. That commitment to service showed throughout the stay. Very impressive and would stay again. 
149808761	 I newly started staying regularly at this hotel (and my associate has stayed for many years), jumping ship from another near-by name brand. The reason is excellent service. It really makes a difference when you are away more than you'd like. Deemmy (am I spelling it right?) the doorman is the best in the business. Even the night I showed up late with a reservation at the OTHER Westin on M Street, the staff did not miss a beat and got me settled with a decent rate. 
149746347	 We stayed at the Westin for two nights in January. Initially chose the hotel due to the many positive reviews concerning their pet policy, as we travel with a toy poodle. The hotel exceeded our expectations. The poodle was made very welcome, and a special dog bed was already in our room when we arrived, along with complimentary water, snacks, and a nice note (which included the dog!) from the staff. <br/><br/>The room was very large; it may have been originally intended for wheelchair access; very spacious and the bathroom was particularly nice. Very clean and lovely overall.<br/><br/>The staff, concierge, and everyone else we saw or dealt with was pleasant and professional without exception.<br/><br/>We will definitely be reserving rooms in the future. <br/><br/>The Westin is also very conveniently located if you're visiting a student at George Washington University. It's no more than a 7 minute walk across Washington Circle, despite the Georgetown address. 
149741229	 Stayed here for a pre-Christmas weekend with 20 - yes 20 - other relatives. We had a fabulous time and the staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating. Every detail was covered and everyone - from the managers all the way to the folks working the early-morning shifts in the restaurants - went above and beyond to make our group (ages ranging 7 to 77) feel right at home. Thank you so much for the wonderful stay! 
122493126	 Stayed 12/31/11. Had a problem with noise in the next room. James at the front desk was able to move us to a quieter area and we had a comfortable, enjoyable night as a result. Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel. 
122431437	 This was a great hotel for seeing all of Washington. Its very close to the Foggy Bottom Metro and a very short walk into Georgetown. Just a few pro's and cons. <br/><br/>Pro's:<br/>1. Great Location<br/>2. Close to Metro stop<br/>3. Very clean hotel<br/>4. Entire staff was helpful<br/><br/>Con's (not many!):<br/>1. Slightly smaller rooms than expected<br/>2. not actually &quot;in&quot; georgetown (less than a 5 minute walk) 
122300945	 Just across from Georgetown. Room service was great; recommend the eggs with crab Benedict. Room was comfortable and staff was hospitable. Will be back. 
122299074	 The Westin is a good, not a great hotel. There is nothing bad about it. There is also just nothing to particularly rave about either.<br/>It is not - as many others have said - actually in Georgetown - but it is a short walk to Georgetown and the many restaurants and shops in it. If you want a longer walk - we actually managed to walk back from Arlington, across the bridge, to the Lincoln memorial, and back to the hotel (stopping at quaint little student pub for dinner on the way) without too much effort. It is also close enough to Foggy Bottom metro station to be easy to walk to.<br/>Not a bad functional place - just nothing special. 
122255976	 I stayed there during the holidays and as expected, the Westin delivers a high quality experience:<br/>- the room is well appointed, well insulated and the temperature is easily and accurately controlled;<br/>- the hotel is about a 10 minute walk to the high end shops of Georgetown, but walking to the White House area and the Mall is much further away;<br/>- parking is convenient and not too expensive.<br/><br/>The &quot;not so great&quot;:<br/>- forget about the pool this time of year as it is outside;<br/>- I am a Gold status member of the SPG chain but I guess it means nothing really: no lounge, no free breakfast, no free internet, not even a paper! All you get is a sign on your door that says it is a &quot;Preferred Member&quot; room, whatever this means as it looks like any other room I have always had at the Westin. Hilton at least gives you rewards for being a top tier member.<br/><br/>All in all thought, the hotel offers a quality experience in a nice area at a decent price. 
121924574	 I have stayed at the Westin a couple times of the past couple year it also was the site of my companies holiday party the past 2 years. It is generally what you would expect from a Westin; great quality, up to date and clean. Two complaints: First the Westin Georgetown is NOT in Georgetown, near but not in so the name maybe a bit misleading . Expect a decent walk or a short cab ride to visit destinations in Georgetown. <br/><br/>The second complaint stems from one bartender working my companies Holiday party at the Westin. Generally the service is phenomenal at Westins, this one bartender in particular was the antithesis of that (I wish I got the guys name, I would have filed a complaint against this guy), he was very rude to everyone his rudeness came up in party conversation it was so bad, him poring you a drink was like he was doing a favor for you. 
51311212	 I came down to D.C. for a couple of nights just to get away before my birthday. I was a little hesitant to book the hotel however, I am an SPG gold member and wanted to maintain my status. The rooms were musty, dated, and in horrible condition. Some of the furniture had broken legs and cigarette burns in them. The hotel staff was not exactly on the ball either it took a couple of phone calls to get them to follow through with some basic requests. The location is what sells this over priced hotel. It is on M Street and an easy walk to georgetown, which was the only enjoyable part of the Westin Grande. I would have to say that the Westin down town was better than this property. There is not much else I can say that is positive about this place. If it were me and I would do it over again I would have spent the extra $50 to stay in a nicer place like the Donovan House. They might have remolded the hotel since the last time I have been there but I would not go back for a second try. 
51290978	 In all my years of travel, I have never had any hotel customer service representative go as much out her way as Yarnell did at the Westin Grand. I had a lovely stay at the Westin and then checked out. But, a client of mine was supposed to send a packet of crucial materials for me to review before my next morning. It never came. So I left the Westin and was on my way to College Park, Maryland. After my hour long drive in traffic, I arrived at my new hotel to find a voicemal message from Yarnell at the Westin Grand. My package finally arrived. By now, it was 8pm or so and if the Westin shippped it, I'd never get it in time. I was to go into to my client meetings without the materials I needed, but there was nothing I could do. <br/><br/>That night, at 4:30 in the morning, a hotel staffer knocked on my door. He had the package and a card from Yarnell that said, &quot;I wanted you to be prepared for your meeting.&quot; Yarnell had driven way out of her way in the middle of he morning after a long shift at the Westin to bring me my package. I was prepared for my meeting but I could not believe the great lengths that Yarnell went to to ensure that I was prepared. <br/><br/>The entire staff at the Westin was incredible and I'd recommend it highly to anyone. I still can't believe how Yarnell did that out of the goodness of her heart. 
49370119	 Westin discovered a pretty good model for their rooms, and the DC hotel is no exception. The rooms are clean, comfortable, and modern. No awkward paintings of flowers on the wall, but rather beautiful large photos. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was spacious, and the bathtub and shower were separate, which is always nice. <br/><br/>The lobby was a bit sterile and didn't have a lot of character, particularly next to other DC hotels (like the Fairmont across the street); but I suppose that's not always bad depending on why you're there. <br/><br/>We got a great rate...so good value...only $150. I wouldn't have been please had I paid over $250 for this hotel.<br/><br/>This hotel is a great bet for business travelers. 
48785135	 Nice staff but overpriced hotel. Cobwebs on the ceiling in my room. No heat and it was cold during my stay. Arrived back at the hotel one night (9.20 pm). Went to help myself to the complimentary cider and was told that there was no more for the night! The folks at reception didn't even offer something else. That was it--no more! <br/><br/>Overpriced waffle for breakfast ($15). <br/><br/>I wouldn't stay here again. 
46520516	 If your looking for a hotel that is upscale and within walking distance to Georgetown, this is the hotel for you. the Westin Grand has a perfect location and everything you need is within minutes. 5 minute walk to the metro stop (foggy bottom), 10 minute walk to Georgetown, 5 minute walk to Dupot Circle. the only set back was the slow service in the M restaurant. good food, just need more attentive servers/ staff.<br/>I loved the hotel, would definately stay there again. 
46300210	 Ideally located near sightseeing bus stops and many restaurants of Georgetown, <br/>While we were there the President had dinner in the restaurant opposite so you can tell the neighbourhood is good!<br/>Beds were really high to get into, not good if short and elderly!<br/>The whole hotel is classy and nicely decorated but beware, parking costs over 28 dollars per night 
121701787	 Having stayed around the corner at sister hotel The Fairfax, billed as a &quot;step above&quot; Westin under Starwood's Luxury Collection banner, I was pleasently surprised to find this vastly-superior Westin property in the neighborhood. The hotel is clean, modern and efficient, with friendly and helpful staff. The location, while not in Georgetown as the name might suggest, is nonetheless excellent and is an easy walk to sites, business and the neighborhood for which it is named. My room -- a standard double -- was huge, and despite being only the third floor and overlooking the hotel's entryway was extremely quiet. I will definitely make this hotel my first choice when I return to the area on business. 
121436841	 The Westin is a wonderful hotel. The rooms are comfortable and the bathroom is amazing. The location is nice even though it didn't feel like we were truly in Georgetown. The true standout at this hotel though is the service. Everyone here went out of their way to help us (front desk, room service, etc), which is especially nice when traveling with our two year old. Our bellmen/valets, Ahmad and Amadou Erwing were incredibly gracious and went out of their way to interact and engage our son, which we really appreciated. 
121420184	 Stayed at the Westin Georgetown for one night and what shocking experience it was. Though the properties best days have clearly long gone, and everything looks a little worn and tired - the rooms are acceptable and for a one night stay ok. Bathrooms (we had two rooms) were a not quite clean, bed is the usual heavenly bed quality and the shower is ok. Only major issue was having to wait for quite a while until the warm water started up - a 5 minute delay which was unexpected but one can live with. We ate breakfast in the restaurant (Grille) downstairs and after an 8 minute wait were acknowledged by two waiters unfortunately though only two tables were occupied all other tables were dirty. After waiting for another 15 minutes at the entrance with staff chatting to each other and tables remaining dirty we went back to our rooms for half an hour only to return and the tables were still all in a mess. Tis time one table was cleared and we could sit down for breakfast. Food order for breakfast was wrong but we were happy to get any food at all so did not complain.<br/><br/>In terms of service this hotel has it all wrong. The bar will close before official closing hours, staff all over the hotel look important but are more busy chatting with each other than helping guests. At check-in and check-out staff were standing behind the reception desk with occupied with their coffees. <br/><br/>For the rate you pay and compared to previously mainly good experiences with Westin out stay was not acceptable. If all you need is a decent bed - you'll be ok - if you need any kind of service at all - be warned. 
121413975	 Wow! What an incredible night I had at The Westin last night. I cannot thank The Westin enough for their wonderful hospitality they gave myself and my friends for my 21st Birthday!<br/>Upon arrival, my friends were amazed of how beautiful the hotel looked, when we checked in the concierge helped us plan out our evening. It was wonderful! We went up stairs and were shocked by the rooms! They were huge and incredible and connecting, it was like a penthouse suite! My friends and I felt like celebrities. As we looked around, amazed at all the different things the two rooms had; the incredible views, balconies, jacuzzi, make up area, walk in closet, etc etc we were so thrilled. And then there was a knock on the door, Champagne &amp; Chocolates!!!! We were completely shocked and overwhelmed by the hospitality!!! We all felt so special! <br/>After enjoying some champagne, we headed down to Dusk and enjoyed some delicious appetizers and got to use our Starwood discount, which made it very affordable for college students on a budget. We had the best service and were very happy. <br/>Over the entire stay, the hotel staff was constantly assisting us in anyway possible; even taking pictures of us in front of the limo. It was wonderful.<br/>Overall, my friends and I had an incredible time that we will be talking about for ages. Thank you Westin for your fantastic hospitality. You really made us feel special and my birthday celebration the best yet! 
121334293	 Great!! Amadou and Degnny helped w/ vallet items and were fantastic! 
121329806	 Fab location for enjoying the attractions of Georgetown, but far enough away so that you are not awake all night! The Westin Heavenly Bed never disappoints and the service was excellent. 
146945814	 I recently stayed at the Westin due to its convenient location. After having stayed at other locations on previous visits, I was pleasantly surprised by the extremely comfortable bed and spacious bathroom. The staff was very efficient and helpful (thank you to Erwing and Victor, who helped me with my car and checked luggage). Although parking was expensive and there was no free internet, overall I would definitely choose this hotel again due to the comfort and quality of the staff. 
146823675	 The Westin Georgetown is one of my favorite places to stay in DC. The have a stellar team and I'm including everyone from each department and service area. Outstanding service means a great deal to me and they always hit the mark. A special recognition to Amadou and Deenny. They are always awesome, super friendly, highly professional and true definers of great service. Also, the renovated restaurant and lounge are top notch. <br/><br/>J. Love 
146823197	 We had a wonderful experience! Great personal attention, perfect location, very comfortable. My husband and I were traveling with an infant and the room accommodated us wonderfully. We were also impressed with the gym. We look forward to returning. 
146737538	 Can't beat the location, 5 minute walk into Georgetown, and a quick walk into Washingtons attractions. The bed, as all Westins are was absolutely delightful. Concierge staff very helpful in booking airport transfers, would definitely stay again if in DC. 
146653108	 I've stayed at several 4 star chain downtown DC hotels over course of the last two years and this past weekend's stay at the Westin Georgetown probably tops them all, First, I was able to secure a rate of $129 per night through Westin's website--great deal. Valet is $40 per day but totally the same at all types of these hotels. Even the Marriott in Woodley Park where parking is not a premium charges $30+. I liked the smaller feel of the Westin. The bellman upon greeting us promptly handed Westin &quot;Kids Club&quot; bags to each of my two tired kids stumbling out of the backseat. Nice sun hats, travel sacks and maps all made for a nice arrival. There are only 8 floors to the hotel and we were placed in a nice double bedded room on the 7th floor which is for SPG guests. Other than free water, I am not sure what this got us but the room, while a bit tight, was totally fine for the price. Typical nice Westin beds, LG flatscreen, Ihome clock radio. But the bathroom was by far the nicest I've seen in DC in a non-five star property. Separate shower and bath was great and a particularly awesome deep soaking tub which had incredible water pressure and heat (same with the shower). Nice service and hot apple cider available at all times was a nice touch. The lack of any coffee access (except a restaurant) outside of what was provided in the room was a disappointment. But there are many great options including Starbucks and a cool market where they make omlettes to order right across the street. Nice new bar inside the restaurant of the hotel. Gym looked great although I did not use (chilled washcloths in a refrigerator a particularly nice touch). The location was pretty good--close to Georgetown (about a mile walk to Wisconsin and M, the property is definitely not in Georgetown) and easy access to the mall. However, this part of DC is a bit boring and the closest metro is five blocks away. In sum though, I liked the smaller size of the hotel, attention to detail like keeping kids happy and the bathrooms were top-notch Four Seasons quality, even in a standard room. Will definitely stay here again. 
146076850	 Overall we liked the hotel. Very good location.<br/>The only setback was that we did not have our room done and when we got back at 7:00PM we had to call the housekeeping staff to have them at least change the towels.<br/>People on the entrance were very friendly, especially Deemmis who recommended us a place to have breakfast nearby. 
14843589	 My coworker and I stayed at the Westin Grand during a business trip in 2005. We were visiting clients in Reston, Va., but actually found it cheaper to stay at the Westin Grand in DC than the Sheraton in Reston! We were excited to be staying at what should have been a higher quality hotel. Unfortunately we were dissapointed with the stay and felt as the though the hotel was more of a Sheraton quality hotel than a Westin. The saving grace was an extremely large bedroom and bathroom, which was unexpectedly pleasing. Other than that, this hotel was nothing to write home about. 
126941511	 We were looking for a hotel in the Dupont Circle area. This was about 8 blocks away, but very conveniently located 4 blocks from Subway (Blue Line) to Museums. Room was nicely appointed and average size for D.C. My only minor quibble was that they had a limited section cable channels and only had one movie channel, A Plus: was nice little business area right off the main lobby where you could look up info on intranet or print off maps. Also, Whole Foods and Trader Joe's in neighborhood so could swing through there to get snacks or quick take out for nights when you didn't feel like going out for dinner.<br/>Would stay there again. 
126777105	 Hailie is awesome. He is an outstanding representative for the Westin Hotel and is constantly attentive to all guests. <br/><br/>Westin needs to ensure that they retain Hailie and promote him as soon as possible.<br/><br/>What an awesome employee. 
126470864	 The hotel is nice and is in a good location, however it is overpriced for services rendered. You can hear all doors opening and closing as well as street noise if you are on a lower floor. We asked for bell service and waited for 30-40 minutes, but we had a plane to catch so we brought our bags down ourselves. The hotel is eco-friendly so you must keep your key card in a slot in the room to keep the lights, TV, and air-conditioning, etc. going. This can have some disadvantages due to the weather extremes in DC, but it is eco-friendly. The going rate for this hotel was $529/night plus $40 in parking. Therefore, I would recommend staying at one of the other neighboring high-end hotels such as the Fairmont, Ritz-Carlton or the Park Hyatt where you would get better service and better surroundings for a comparable rate. 
126343880	 Nestled in between the sights of DC and Georgetown (5-7 minute walk) the Westin was the perfect location. Extremely friendly service from every member of staff. We had a family trip and everyone had a great time (3 generations). The Westin beds are the best in the business. Rooms were promptly cleaned. Room service was fantastic. The bar was great with some nice beers on tap (Leffe Blonde). If I was to nitpick something it'd be that the concierge could have been a bit more helpful but the front desk had some great recommendations so we'll give the overall team a pass. 
126256007	 The hotel is conveniently located near Georgetown and the Foggy Bottom metro station. The rooms were large, bright and airy. Quality was consistent with what I have come to expect from a Westin. Will recommend the hotel for business or families. 
126145653	 I've always called this location the &quot;Hotel Corner&quot; b/c there is a Westin, a Fairmount &amp; a Park Hyatt (and they've switched around over the years). Why anyone would stay at this Westin when the others are available is beyond me - looking for a cheaper alternative. I always say: You get what you pay for, so when you pay less, you get less.<br/>The good: Nice arrival, great location, fabulous shower.<br/>The rest: Shall I start with the arrival? I'm a Starwood Platinum member, so there is a certain level of service I expect in general and from all Starwood properties. We have a problem when I can't understand the woman checking me in. (In DC there is a need for staff that can speak many languages, but they must be able to speak understandable English, too.). The woman was trying to tell me the room had been cleared of feathers. I asked her 5 times to repeat herself b/c I hadn't a clue what she was saying. Her colleague finally translated for me. She said it was in my profile. I stay at Starwood properties all the time &amp; have never asked for a bed or pillow without feathers. Ever. I asked her to correct it and send up feather pillows.<br/>They never came.<br/>As a Starwood Platinum I'm supposed to get an upgrade when available. I checked in at 9pm for a 1-night stay &amp; was told no upgrades were available, that they were sold out, but that I had a nice king room on the Starwood Preferred Guest floor. I highly doubted her reasoning (and I get the SPG floor anyhow), so when I got to my room I checked on line. There were rooms &amp; rooms bigger than mine available.<br/>My 'nice king room' looked out onto another building.<br/>I called room service to find out whether they could have stuff from the restaurant. I was told &quot;sure, but it is the same except for a few items.&quot; I asked if I could see the menu. I was told &quot;oh, uh, I guess I can transfer you there, but they'll just transfer you right back to me.&quot;<br/>Serious attitude. (If you have a bad day, you don't take it out on customers.)<br/>I went to the bar/restaurant &amp; found lots of different things (&amp; wines by the glass), ordered it to go &amp; took it upstairs.<br/>Then I called for a wake-up call at 5am. Never came.<br/>I mentioned that problem on my way out, and was told, &quot;oh, well, you know, we're working with a new system.&quot; That is your problem, not mine, but you made it mine.<br/>This is a fine hotel for vacationers, weekenders, or those who are used to lower-end motels/Four Points, etc. It is not good for business or for those who are used to high-end hotels. 
187396000	 As a Platinum Member, my Partner and I often frequent Starwood Hotels. As the Westin Hotel &amp; Resorts offer the service and amenities we so enjoy on many memorable occasions, my Partner reserved this Property for a recent Georgetown shopping spree and delightful evening on the town.<br/>Prior to our arrival, Ms. Kim Lana, Westin Stay Ambassador, reached out to both welcome us to the Property and determine if we had any special requests. As one of the Platinum-Member perks is a room upgrade if available upon arrival, we took this opportunity to mention to Ms. Lana that a room upgrade be arranged. We were not disappointed. The King Junior suite was large, well-appointed, clean and most comfortable. We were especially pleased by the comfortable bed and strong water pressure in the shower. Note that the refrigerator was so well stocked that there was no space to chill our bottled water--no big deal!<br/>Finally, the Property is centrally located between Georgetown and DuPont Circle which met our planned activities that evening. One final note, when we arrived back to our room that evening, there was a snack tray with a special note from Ms. Lana--a nice touch and welcomed surprise. Thank you Kim for your great customer service. We will return. 
187366388	 Decided to choose this hotel as my weekend stay in DC as it is quite central near to George Town, Dupont Circle and the Museums and US Govt Administrative Offices. The check in was a breeze , and the room given facing the street was excellent as I could see the movements on the street level, even though can be a bit noisy which did not bother me. The bed, was so comfortable which made my sleep sleep which fulfilled my reason to have a great break in DC. Georgous large bathroom with large bath tub. Soaked myself heavenly.<br/><br/>The staff was very courteous and friendly which made my stay more special. Love the Westin touch. Walking to GeorgeTown and Dupont Circle where there were many nice attractions and restaurants which made the hotel choice the right one for a great weekend in DC. <br/><br/>I am really glad I chose to stay with Westin at Georgetown! Tuck away at the lest busy neighbour hood if u want a hide away from the hustle and bustle of the city.<br/><br/>. 
187058560	 The Georgetown Westin is in a nice spot, just 4 or 5 blocks from GW and Dupont Circle, and walking distance to Georgetown (about 8 blocks). The clerk at the desk was pleasant and quickly got us checked into our room early. The room was nice, and quiet. Comfortable bed. Nice bathroom with both a tub and separate shower. <br/>The lobby, however, is tiny for a Westin. Not much room to relax, have a coffee, etc. (Across the street at the Fairmont, the lobby is large and beautiful, which isn't surprising, but the Westin is absurdly small.) Also, the drive for checking in is small, tight, and congested - a very poor layout. It made getting a cab difficult, and we had an exceptionally rude experience where, after waiting on line for 15 minutes (behind just 2 people) waiting for one bellman to get us a cab, a second bellman ran in front of us and put someone in our cab. Most of the service was very good, and this was the one exception, and a surprise. 
186189572	 Our stay at Georgetown over Thanksgiving break could not have turned out better. Aldo at the front desk was incredibly helpful and accommodating with our reservation. I really do believe the Westin experience is set apart by the staff. The room was in great condition and the bed is phenomenal. This Thanksgiving, I am really glad I chose to stay with Westin at Georgetown! 
185804688	 Beautiful hotel, with a gorgeous lobby, and well sized, clean and modern rooms. Location is wonderful, with great restaurants and sites nearby. The bathroom was HUGE by &quot;regular hotel room&quot; standards. The best part - they allow pets and don't charge an extra fee for them! 
185766657	 With Westin, you can always count on a consistent, business-traveller friendly experience. Sizeable room (and this one had a separate bathtub - the first time I've seen in all the Westin I've stayed in), good working desk. Staff are friendly and helpful. The hotel is convenient for those who has meetings downtown. Really appreciate the fact that the restaurant opens at 6:30am for breakfast. I will definitely come back. 
140633683	 Check-in staff were great , room was ok, great bed so good night sleep which is 85% of what you want, room has the classic problem of being too dark though, you find yourself turning on and off lights. Bathroom, why oh why do we still have to stand in a small bath to have a shower, please. Biggest disappointment was the new restaurant for breakfast, little choice and then not what you want, ie 5 or 6 choices of tea but no english breakfast, thought he was pulling my leg, but no. Wouldnt be upset if i had to stay there again as it is at least next to the grand hyatt who do a great cheese plate at the bar in the evening. Oh and Georgetown ... no its not 
140593858	 I love this hotel. <br/><br/>Need-less-to-say, the location is fantastic; but even more than that - the hotel is a wonderful mix of great service, well maintained facilities and D.C. charm.<br/><br/>I was &quot;stuck&quot; (literally snowbound) in the hotel in January of 2010 for three days. That was the year a huge blizzard came through the northeast. It was surreal and exciting all at the same time. There were about 20 guests and we were all basically &quot;shipwrecked&quot; at the hotel. The hotel staff and management took great care of us.<br/><br/>One piece of consideration when staying at this hotel - if you are looking for a hotel near the monuments and D.C. attractions - this may not be your hotel. The Georgetown location is a bit off the tourist track - although there is pretty easy access to the Metro. Just an FYI if you are going to D.C. for a &quot;Capitol&quot; vacation and not business. 
140552268	 The Westin Georgetown is not actually in Georgetown. This may or may not matter to you. It was not an inconvenience to me, but confusing when I realized that I was closer to the George Washington University Area and Foggy Bottom than to Georgetown. That said, it's in a great neighborhood, about a 5 minute walk to the Metro, about 30 minute walk to the Lincoln Memorial. There are restaurants in the area, and a CVS drugstore for necessities.<br/><br/>I stayed for four nights in August 2012. <br/><br/>The GOOD<br/>Staff -- room service, concierge, front desk, etc. were extremely professional and courteous. They could not have been better.<br/><br/>Cleanliness -- the public areas and my room were spotless<br/><br/>Bathroom -- as other reviewers have mentioned, the bathroom was renovated and had a separate shower with two shower heads, a soaking tub, solid surface counter...<br/><br/>Quiet -- my room was dead quiet. No noise from the hall, from neighboring rooms or from outside.<br/><br/>Good gym -- the gym is well-equipped and clean with treadmills, recumbant bikes, weights, yoga mats, swiss balls, etc. There is an outdoor pool that I did not try. The hotel also provides new condition New Balance workout clothes and shoes for $5 rental. <br/><br/>The NOT SO GOOD<br/>Weak water pressure -- This is an old building that has been renovated to make it a Westin. As is common in older buildings, the water pressure was extremely weak.<br/><br/>Strange layout -- My room was at the far end of the hall, the equivalent of about a city block length from the elevator. I wonder if there used to be a back stairway or some other way to access the end rooms. <br/><br/>Lack of HD channels -- OK, I'm being picky here. There was a nice HD television in my room but it only had a handful of HD channels. Most of the channels were Standard Def. <br/><br/>No restaurant -- The restaurant was under renovation so there was no on-site eatery. There was a temporary (I think) bar set up in the lobby, but it was far from cozy. Room service, very costly, was available and good.<br/><br/>AC blows on the bed. --- The Westin has an energy saving feature that turn off lights, the television and the AC when you leave the room. This worked great, however when the AC is turned on it blows right on the bed, at least in my room which had a single king size bed. 
140518114	 Stayed here for a weekend in september with my son looking at colleges.<br/>Nice area with the fairmont across the street and the ritz a block east.<br/>Ordered room service with a very limited menu. Not sure if this will change after the lobby restaurant is finished its renovation..<br/>we had to pay $10 day for internet but i overheard others say theirs was free.<br/>Parking is $40 night with no in/out.<br/>Instead you can go up a block to N street and park on the street in front of a school for the weekend.<br/>There is a deli across the street where you can sit and get an omelet or bagel if you don't want the $8 bagel at the hotel .<br/>I think Westin has great beds and linens for the price. We paid $150/nt for 2 double beds.<br/>If you want to ride a city share bike, there is a rack right in front of the fairmont. 
140505693	 My husband and I took a little weekend getaway to D.C. and not only were we overwhelmed with the beauty of the city, but the amazing service we received from the entire staff at the Westin. I travel a fair amount for my position, so I am somewhat numb to service at hotels. We were blown away by the friendly staff starting with Melvin at the front desk. He was absolutely amazing and I pulled him aside the next day as his service and professionalism still stuck with me into the next day! WOW! <br/><br/>The rest of the team - Jeffrey, our friendly concierge originally from Burma - helping us find our way and the courteous bell desk team of Amadou and Deening helping us out with a taxi, train locations and bike rentals.<br/><br/>We'll definitely be back and have already sent folks on to this hotel! Well done! <br/><br/>It is fair to note that I NEVER submit or participate in reviews but thought the hotel and its team needed to be acknowledged! 
140300117	 Great location close to downtown DC, the Metro, and Georgetown. Staff was professional and courteous. Sloane was especially helpful and very responsive! Bellhops were fast and friendly. We'll definitely return to this hotel next time we're in the DC area. 
200329928	 Meade (GM), I want to bring to your attention the incredible service provided by your staff, especially Vik Navin. Vik went out of his was to make sure my girlfriend and I had everything we needed and more. We are planning on coming back to DC in a few month to do more than just the Cherry Blossom 10m event. I gave her several places to pick from for our next trip, she has already said she wants to stay at Westin Georgetown again, we will definitely back.<br/><br/>The hotel was clean, prompt on any/all services needed or requested. Short visit to DC, but unforgettable time. Our room was perfect, staff made sure we didn't get bothered, and when I requested turn-down service, they actually re-cleaned the entire room - not a usual service by SPG. One of the great things on Westin, the gym clothes, forgot my workout shoes, and the Westin New Balances provided looked like they haven't been used once. We actually had such a great time, totally forgot about the free breakfast due to Jeffrey's multiple recommendations on where to go for dining, breakfast - dinner and late night.<br/><br/>Again Meade - THANK YOU 
200223044	 My wife and I stayed at the Westin Georgetown on an overnight trip to DC. We had never stayed at one before and needed a hotel in the Georgetown/Foggy Bottom/Dupont area. After our stay, we decided that whenever we travel to DC, we will be staying at The Westin Georgetown. The rooms were excellent for the price, especially the bathrooms. But most importantly, the service was the best. Everyone from the front desk, to the Concierge, to the valets. My wife and I were on different schedules for events during our stay, and the staff was very accommodating in helping us stay on schedule and get to places around the city. Two individuals that I want to call out for their excellent service are Eriwing and Yonas. They were extremely helpful with our tight timelines and overlaps of events. They helped make a potentially stressful and tiring day much better by their assistance. 
200213518	 Wonderful green, clean hotel. Very friendly, professional and helpful staff. Unfortunately it was a last minute, short visit to DC so we did not get to use many of the services offered. A special thanks to Erwing and Amadou who were especially helpful to us! We would definately stay again. 
199705061	 Enjoy coming back to DC each time and returning to the Westin Georgetown. Recently I've visited 1-2x/month and the doorman Haile recognizes me and welcomes me back. Location close to Georgetown, Dupont circle, lots of good eats on a fun side of town. <br/><br/>This Westin has workout equipment as an option in some of the rooms, as well. 
199696406	 I regularly stay at this Westin when I travel to DC. This is a great place, rooms are neat, facilities are great and the staff members are excellent. One person specifically to be mentioned is the door man Haile. He is an amazing character. He remembers you each time you return to the facility and makes sure that you are well taken care of by the rest of the hotel functions as well. I strongly recommend this place to anyone travelling to DC. 
199683273	 After a long and tiring cross-country flight, I arrived at the Westin Georgetown at about 1 AM and was greeted with the full service I was hoping for, and more. Sempre made my check-in quick and without any reason for concern, and while Solomon A was helping me to my room with the luggage he also gave me a DC tourism guide and local restaurant recommendations that ended up making my trip great because I got to enjoy some the best restaurants in downtown Georgetown. The meeting rooms were meticulously clean and presented, and the food for breakfast and lunch in their conference facility had a good variety and great flavor. 
86518181	 i am always comfortable here- the staff such as Deenny, Amadou ,Catherine and others treat me like a king- beds and showers are great- location is good- and Micalayah(sp?) in the bar/restaurant is truly fabulous. 
86384930	 This hotel is in a great location with easy access to Georgetown amenities. It is clean with great friendly service. One of the Doorman, Deenny took great care of me on my visit. 
86317071	 My hubby and I stayed in the Westin Grand the past two nights. The location was great for Georgetown shopping and touring the National Mall area (you can't really walk to the Mall, though). The concierge was very helpful with recommendations and reservations. The hotel is basically fine. Not really 4 stars, but nice enough. However, our room had a strong mildew smell when we first entered. We are both very allergic to mold and felt our eyes and noses burning within the first minute. We called immediately and explained the allergy situation. We said we may need to change rooms. We were told someone would be up to &quot;refresh&quot; our room. We left at that point for dinner and could not tell any difference when we got back. The story goes on from there. We called several times and random measures were taken (an engineer came to our room, for example), but we were never moved to another room. By the end of the weekend, our eyes were so red it looked like we had both been crying for hours. We felt our request to be moved was totally ignored. Maybe all the rooms had the same problem and moving would not have helped us, but they should have at least addressed the issue directly with us. I have had only one hotel experience where the service was worse. 
86126668	 Staff were very pleasant at both check-in and check-out. The room was however subpar. We stayed in room 204 which was on the north side of the hotel. Do not stay on the north side of the hotel as there is a fire station there that receives several calls throughout the night. This of course isn't the hotel's fault, but something to keep in mind.<br/><br/>The room appears nice, however the quality of construction is very poor. We could hear our neighbors talking (normal levels, not yelling) from inside our room. In the bathroom, the chrome tub handles had rust around them and the tub was visibly dirty. The mosaic glass tile around the sink was installed very poorly (the grout covered several pieces of tile) and in several places of the bathroom the caulk was peeling or missing.<br/><br/>Another thing to keep in mind is that they charge $9.95 a day for Internet.<br/><br/>Overall the quality of the rooms is similar to what I have experienced in 2 1/2 star hotels. 
85875985	 Staff was wonderful from the beginning. Answered question, both asked and unasked. Were knowledgable about the city, resturants, and sites. Deenny and the rest of the front staff made our stay so pleasent it was hard to leave. Thank you. 
85833310	 Hotel and room was clean and comfortable .the room stayed in was facing the courtyard and there was a wedding that night. The frontdesk informed me and gave me the option to a different location.but I was ok as I was not going to be back in the room that early. The rate I got was great for a location like this one.overall we has a great time and enjoyed our stay 
130900017	 My husband and I stayed at the Westin over Memorial Day weekend and it was an excellent stay. It was a special weekend for us and the Westin was very accomodating and made it even more special for us. When we told them about your weekend plans, they did their best to make it more memorable. The check-in was smoothe and the staff helpful. They put chocolate covered strawberries in our room in the evening too! They also have a great gym and I forgot my gym clothes. Not to worry, you can rent clothes for a small fee and they even bring it to your room. It was nice New Balance stuff too. The concierge helped us out by telling us they have comp bikes which we used to bike all over the city. The location is great b/c you can walk to Georgetown or to DuPont both of which are about a 10 minute walk. The bathrooms and rooms are very nice and their beds are some of the most comfortable in the industry. You will enjoy your stay here whether it is for work or pleasure. The staff is really wonderful. Thank you Westin, especially Sloane. 
130625124	 Stayed here on a business trip with 2 colleagues. Two of had flea-infested rooms. The only redeeming feature is the hotel's location. If you can stay elsewhere, do so! 
130468930	 I don't find Westin hotels consistently great, but this Westin is an excellent hotel. It's clean and comfortable, and the service was friendly and extremely professional. My bathroom was large with a shower and a tub. There is a separate WC. The look is very tasteful. I wouldn't call it contemporary or traditional; it's just a very tasteful place. <br/>In terms of location, (1) it's a good 3 or 4 blocks to the Metro which is a slight negative, but it's not a bad walk at all; and (2) notwithstanding its name, it is not really in Georgetown (at least not in the heart of Georgetown), but it is a short walk across the bridge. I would call the area &quot;West End,&quot; which itself is a good area with lots of options for eating and fun. 
130459345	 We stayed for two nights at this fabulous hotel. There were many employees that were very nice to us and helped us with little things. However, I would like to extend my thanks to a specific two that went WAY out of their way to accomadate us. The names are Haile and Abdel. Although they mostly worked at the front door and dealt with our car, they gave us a complimentary umbrella when it looked like rain, they gave us bottled water and they even brought us downstairs and showed us exactly where breakfast was served. I felt very special as if I had two guardian angels watching over me. A fabulous place to stay for any length of time! Can't wait until we can go back there. 
130161430	 My husband and I enjoyed a Washington, DC getaway and wanted to stroll the streets of Georgetown. We stayed at the Westin in Georgetown and 'tis true - they do have &quot;Heavenly Matresses&quot;!!!! The room was spotless and luxurious. The room service food delivery was timely, hot and deliscous! The service staff - from door greeter and beyond - were kind, professional and accommodting (when it rained, the door man not only held an umbrella for our exit - but gave us the umbrella for the evening out, too!!). The breakfast buffet was better than most and the hours of availability were extended more than other hotels. We were able to obtain a special rate via researching...and we WILL stay here again for our next Georgetown visit! 
129972362	 Well presented, modern and clean hotel. Nice furnishing with large rooms. Friendly staff and a good location. 
115739755	 I would not recommend this hotel to families visiting DC. It was too far out from downtown, the rooms were small with very little closet space and the staff was very unfriendly. The bathroom door didn't close, the door to the toilet room was louvered (??) and the shower was so small you could hardly bend down without hitting your head. The cleaning staff did a lousy job and always left trash all over the floor, didn't give us fresh cups, etc half the time and we had to ask for enough towels. All in all, not a good experience. 
115739079	 I travel extensively for business and whenever I get a chance I try to get some active program in the mix. And when on vacation I actually double my activity with runs, walks, swims, etc.:-). The Georgetown Westin did not only provide us a great location by being equidistance to Georgetown, Dupont Circle, Foggy Bottom and all the great landmarks, but had a nice pool for the ultimate reprieve from the heat. I was more thrilled by the little things like the ice water flavored with fresh fruits always available at the lobby; and I as we come back from our morning runs, the bell staff rush to hand us bottles of water with great compliments to complete the exhiliration of good workout. There is always fresh fruits at the concierge. The Westin is actually a leader in supporting a healthy lifestyle, as I recall they are the only hotels I stay at that provide me with a ready made running map with mileage indicator. Lastly we enjoyed a great breakfast on our last day at Bread &amp; Chocolate Cafe upon the recommendation of the bell staff supervisor Amadou. 
115731993	 We had a pleasant stay for a one night. The staff was friendly, especially the bell hop Amadou. <br/>It had a pool but was very small! If you have kids it may not be big enough. The hotel lounge &quot;dusk&quot;was ok. But with so many options in DC just a taxi ride or walking distance to Georgetown (4-5 blocks)...there is no reason to stay in. 
115641403	 I was a delegate at a conference being held in this hotel and stayed for 4 nights. I shared a double room with my colleague. The room was very big and accommodated two females (each with lots of stuff!) and two double beds easily. Beds were very comfortable. The en-suite was huge with a separate loo which was nice. Programmable air-con which worked and was very quiet so could be kept on overnight which was necessary due to the weather being really hot. Nice outdoor pool covered by a canopy - not huge but big enough to allow a proper swim. There is a small sun deck and free towels at the entrance to the poolside. Can't comment on hotel food as this was largely provided by conference but had a nice (but huge!) lunch in the downstairs hotel bistro at reasonable price. Bistro gives on to a very pretty courtyard. Staff were helpful without being intrusive, and room was spotless. There is a good supermarket within 100 m on the same side of the street as hotel entrance and loads of nice restaurants on the opposite side (try Thai Garden basement restaurant for delicious oriental food and great service). Hotel sits at the edge of the diplomatic quarter so there is a nice residential feel to the area and a nice park a few minutes walk east (I think ...) of the front entrance. Georgetown is a 15 min walk away straight across the bridge. Try Wisconsin Avenue for superb shopping. The White House is about 20-30 mins easy walk in the opposite direction so well placed for sightseeing. Really good experience here and no complaints whatsoever. Could be pricey (as delegates our rates were heavily subsidised) but a lovely hotel nevertheless. 
115541819	 The Westin Georgetown (actually 3 blocks from Georgetown) is an elegant, comfortable property, but the people who work there make it a wonderful experience. Doormen Amadou and Erwing are friendly and proactive in being helpful. Jeff is arguably one of the best concierge I've ever encountered. The man knows everything about the city and is gracious and happy to help. Vik and his front desk team - Yarnell, Kevin, Catherine, Amsale, Jennifer, Melvin - are always accommodating in any way they are able, and are friendly and helpful and take a genuine interest in their guests. We return to this hotel whenever we are in DC because it always exceeds our expectations and feels like home away from home. 
115531952	 This was our second stay at the Westin Georgetown and we absolutely love it. The staff is extremely friendly, experienced and informative. The hotel is luxurious - extremely comfortable. The lobby area is inviting (love the infused water) and the staff welcoming. Returning after a day of site seeing feels like going home. Great location. We did not eat at the hotel this stay (we ate there last stay and it was pricy), but there are many neighborhood restaurants in the area and the staff gave us great recommendations. 
45841664	 My 17 year old daughter and I made a quick trip to DC to visit colleges. Usually I stay at One Washington Circle Hotel which is very close to GW University, because it's small, charming and I get a great rate. This time I wanted to see if any other nearby hotel could offer a larger room for the same rate. The Westin came so close (just a few dollars more) but was so elegant, spacious and welcoming...and that bed!!<br/> I love that you set the temperature in your room, the hotel has the freshest smell and is spotless. There is a cab stand right outside the entrance which made life easy in the downpour. <br/>We had a possible problem when we checked in with a noisy neighbor, and upon calling down to the desk we were accommodated with new rooms next to each other in 10 minutes...smiles all around. These people were serious about making us happy. Likewise for room service which came really fast.<br/> I can not wait to go back to The Westin Grand Washington DC! 
45422826	 Very nice hotel, about par for the money unless you get a great deal. Facilities are all good, although the prices for WiFi seemed high to me. Excellent location although rooms facing on to M st, we were on the 4th Floor, are noisy as there was a lot of emergency vehicles going past with siren throughout the 3 night stay. There is a major trauma centre 2 blocks away. Short stroll to Georgetown and to Metro (next to the aforementioned hospital). Staff were great, friendly and attentive without being in your face. 
42821644	 Stayed here for two nights. Hotel is nicely renovated with nice size rooms and the standards Westin ammenities. Large bathroom with tub and separate shower. Only complaint was the pool. This has not been refurbished and to be honest it looked a little discusting. Loacted a 5 minute walk from Georgetown 
41425996	 Pretty much a standard Westin property. Inner courtyard rooms nice and quiet. Clean and well maintained property. The front desk was a bit slow and short staffed 
41135917	 The Westin lobby staff was outstanding and we loved our room (541) where we stayed on Aug 21 and 22. Unfortunately my husband left two new shirts from Nordstrom in the bottom drawer (tags still on). When we returned home a few days later, we called the hotel and were transferred to security. They stated that once a guest leaves, all drawers are opened and pulled out to see if anything was left behind. If housekeeping finds anything, security is called. In this case, they were not. Hard to say what happened here- perhaps the next guest got a gift or ? A disappointment for us, and it leaves a reluctance to stay here again. Otherwise a nice hotel with a great location. 
40113944	 We stayed at this Westin on a weekend trip to D.C.. It is located within walking distance to Georgetown and in a nice area. There are many amenities close by (Trader Joe's, 24-hour CVS pharmacy, cafes, etc.). The hotel is nice and I would recommend it to anyone.<br/><br/>We were in D.C. for a couple of days and wanted to stay near Georgetown, since we were kayaking on the Potomac during the first morning from there, and then wanted to walk around Georgetown in the afternoon and then have dinner there in the evening. <br/><br/>The hotel is located just east of Georgetown and is &lt;10 minute walk away. The lobby is a little small and there was a wedding going on there, so there was a lot of people milling around in the lobby. (This must be common, since they have been mentioned in some previous TA reviews.) The pool was closed. We self-parked under the hotel for $28 (valet parking was available for $35). The staff were very friendly and provided excellent service.<br/><br/>The hotel room was not big, but the bathroom was. The bed was comfortable and since we were traveling with friends, we did not spend much time in the room anyway. The bathroom had a large sink area and counter, a separate shower (very nice) and the toilet located in an adjoining room. Plenty of space for two people to get ready.<br/><br/>We did not eat in the hotel, but did have some drinks in the bar. It is fairly nice with good service. For breakfast we went east one block to a cafe - Bread &amp; Chocolate (also mentioned by previous reviewers). This place is outstanding for breakfast and lunch. They have an excellent brunch on weekends and their baked goods and sandwiches were delicious. Staff were very friendly - highly recommended!<br/><br/>On Sunday, we took the car out of the garage (24-hour rate) and parked on the street near the National Geographic museum (about 7 blocks east). After visiting the museum, we walked down to the Mall. The hotel is located a few blocks from Foggy Bottom Metro station.<br/><br/>Overall, a nice hotel; we were able to get a great rate on the internet ($150) by booking a few weeks ahead. I would recommend staying here for close access to Georgetown. It's a little bit further to the Mall and other locations. 
128421278	 We stayed at the Westin Georgetown DC. The hotel has been renovated and looks fabulous. We had a wheelchair accessable room located directly over the entrance of the hotel with a balconey which was just perfect. Buffet Breakfast was delicious and service was excellent. If fact the entire staff at this hotel couldn't have been nicer and more helpful, from the front door to behind the scenes. Minutes away from the quaint charm of the rown homes of Georgetown. The hotel is directly on M Street, you can't ask for more than that on location, location, location.<br/>We attended the Cherry Blossom Festival on Pennsylvania Ave, the weather was perfect. 
128288288	 I stay at this Westin every time I am in DC on business, first because it is within walking distance of our DC office, and second because the staff make this hotel welcoming and comfortable. From the moment I check in, I feel tended to. Rooms are ample, and the bed and linens are superb. I don't stay often at other Westins, so I cannot compare it across the Westin line. In my experience here, the only downside is the wireless offerings--not great connectivity and expensive if you want to use more than one device. Great neighborhood with terrific restaurants close by. Everyone who works here pays attention to guests, and that is one of the details that matter most to me. 
128278929	 It is hard to fault The Westin Georgetown: it is located in a clean neighborhood, the lobby is cozy, and the room is well appointed and maintained. We had little interaction with the employees – these days you can find almost any information online – but whenever we did approach, they were friendly, helpful and polite. <br/><br/>The Westin Georgetown would have been a perfect hotel, if it weren’t misleading about its environmental impact. We’re all for protecting the environment, but we don’t condone duplicity. And here’s where the dishonesty lies: From the moment you enter the hotel, you are reminded to be more environmentally friendly. For example, you receive not just the standard notice in the bathroom about towels, but also subject to automatic turnoff of lights and air conditioning, offered cash if you refuse maid service, and reminded to use less water in the shower.<br/><br/>But the real test of sustainability is not whether the hotel constantly reminds you to care for the environment. It is whether the hotel cares itself. Do they care about the environment only when it benefits them or do they care about the environment when it costs them money? All of these constant reminders help not just the environment but also increase the hotel’s profits: reducing the electricity bills, saving on wages, cutting on water consumption. <br/><br/>When it costs something, does The Westin Georgetown managers care about the environment? If they do, why do they offer bottled water of the worse kind – shipped from a remote pacific island at a great environmental harm? If they must offer bottled water in every room, why not local water? If they care about the environment, have they switched to buying electricity from sustainable sources, such as wind and water? If they truly want to protect the environment, do they wash and clean using environmentally safe detergents, or do they resort to the cheap but environmentally damaging stuff? How about letting each guest know the full environmental impact of the hotel policies, rather than focus just on the most lucrative ones?<br/><br/>We don’t condone the hotel’s environmental policies, but we did enjoy the facilities and staff. At $150 per night, it was good value, even if not ethically satisfying. 
128175482	 As a platinum member, we have come to expect a very high level of service which this hotel did not deliver. We requested an early check-in, which is normally anywhere from 12-2pm. Not only did we not get that request met, we had to wait for our room until after 5 pm, due to another platinum guest in the room requesting a late check out (which is suppose to be based on availability). Gave us full brkft, which was mediocre at best, super expensive for a Westin and included an automatic 18% tip in the bill (we were 4). I definitely would not recommend this Westin. Recommended restaurants by concierge were not expensive and not worth it. 
128069853	 We always stay at the Westin Georgetown because of its great location, comfortable rooms, and exceptinal service. The staff makes us fell like it is our home away from home. Erwing and Amadou who are doorman and bellman are terrific. 
128022878	 Stayed two nights at westin and had colleagues across the street at the park hyatt for twice the price, westin was every bit the equal.<br/><br/>Room was spacious and very quiet, service at check in swift and professional.<br/><br/>Highly recommend, walking distance to white house and georgetown without the hassle of either. 
174279007	 My one night stay started with the disappointment of finding that any balconies were &quot;faux&quot; and non-functional. So while I thought I'd booked a room with a balcony - after detailed conversations with central bookings, and they checked with the hotel while I waited - in the end I was left without one.<br/><br/>The hotel itself is a huge warren, the hike to my room seemed take forever. Strangely, weirdly spacious - there's no actual use for a long corridor and entrance hall in a hotel room is there?<br/><br/>Tea/coffee facilities were bargain basement style, and do not match the impression this hotel is attempting to make.<br/><br/>I was shocked to realise - on my return home and investigation of my credit card statement - that breakfast was more expensive in Washington than in London. And London was a seriously flash hotel.<br/><br/>Summary: no, I would not stay here again. 
174234517	 Stayed here on a recent trip to the Georgetown area. Very convenient location . Short walk to Foggy Bottom Metro station.<br/>This is one of the nicer Westin properties with tastefully appointed rooms and I found my room to be exceptionally clean and spotless. Staff was very professional and helpful yet friendly.<br/>I will definitely stay there again should future plans call for travel to the Georgetown area. 
173578364	 I stay at the Westin Georgetown regularly for business and always have a wonderful stay. The rooms are spacious, well-appointed, and clean, the location is pretty convenient, and the staff is always welcoming and warm. Lana, a stay ambassador at the hotel, has been terrific and regularly reaches out to me to see if she can assist with any elements of my visits. This hotel is by far one of the nicest hotels I stay in across multiple cities. <br/>Most recently, I booked a stay at the Westin to celebrate an anniversary and the hotel was terrific - Lana helped to coordinate dinner, set us up with a lovely suite, and sent up a welcome amenity. <br/>I always look forward to my stays at this hotel. 
173546569	 Stayed to assist one of my children move into college dorm and attend George Washington University for Fall 2013. Located conveniently to the college and many other great tourist sites. The hotel room was very large and beautifully appointed. The bathroom was extremely large and update amenities. I highly recommend this property! 
173517720	 Rooms were very nice and clean. Restaurant was extremely expensive for breakfast, $90 plus for a party of four! I would stay again but would go down the street for breakfast! The service staff was excellent and very pleasant. The location and proximity to all of the tourist sites and the Metro was perfect. 
173483686	 I enjoyed my stay here. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The valets were always very prompt and had a smile. Deenny in particular. Our concierge led us to a great restaurant for dinner and told us about our tour shuttle saving us time and cab fare. The bed was extremely comfortable and my room was quiet so I didn't have any trouble sleeping. I liked the location. We could walk down M St. to eat and look at the shops or walk down to the riverfront. There was a shuttle just around the corner that took us to our tour. 
141222464	 The location was ideal for us. We walked into Georgetown daily, used their bikes to venture to Bethesda one day, then biked around all the monuments the next and on the last day we went on a food tour in Dupont Circle. The gym was nice too. If I was being picky, my one issue with the room was that the shower was small. This was easy to get over. The concierge was helpful with our planning and front desk staff was very responsive when we needed something. 
141155701	 We travelled to the Westin Georgetown with our 1 1/2 year old recently and the staff was increadible. They upgraded us to a larger room to accomodate the crib and were exceptionally helpful getting us in and out with our bags and bellongings - especially Ahmad the bellman. Thanks! 
141110780	 Our room was very nice and the price was reasonable vs other DC hotels. The downside was that it was several blocks from the nearest metro station, and we spent a lot of $$ riding the metro and taking cabs back and forth from the Mall area. It was a very quick walk to Georgetown though, which we enjoyed the night we went to dinner there. We were travelling with the kids, and there was a cute breakfast place nearby that we walked to every morning. 
141046616	 Had three nights here at the Westin and had it not be for the deal I had, I would have gone elsewhere. The hotel is located close to Georgetown, but in an area of DC where at the weekends there isn't a lot going on. <br/><br/>The bell staff and concierge were fantastic, but sadly thats where it ended. Despite having an upgrade confirmed by the hotel, and arriving way past the usual check in time, the room had yet to be vacated and there was no hurry in getting this done so we were downgraded to a luxury room. They are ok, if a little boxy. Usual hotel standard, but nothing to write home about. They have two restaurants, both of which were soulless and no one in either. Breakfast was expensive, but no where else to go.<br/><br/>Won't be returning, and would recommend you found a hotel with more character and in a better position if visiting DC as a tourist. 
140835571	 Standard business class hotel but due to renovation the restaurant and bar were closed. Front desk service was competent, and the room was nice, spacious and clean. Located a bit of a distance from Georgetown old center, where several restaurants and cafees are available. 
140809342	 This upscale Westin is strategically located adjacent to Georgetown. An accommodating staff is responsive to reasonable requests. The rooms are comfortable and nicely sized for a large city hotel. Conveniently located but outside the worst of the central district hubbub, you can easily walk to many excellent restaurants. Room service is nothing special but is prompt and solid. A relative value compared to the other high-end hotels in the surrounding blocks. 
240994480	 This hotel is in the perfect location. It's very close to the White House, Washington Monument, and Lincoln Memorial. My boyfriend and I were kindly greeted by Maheder. She was very prompt and quick to check us in. The lobby of the hotel was very beautiful (the chandelier was my favorite part). We stayed in a king room and let me tell you - the bathroom was my favorite part! It was spacious with a tub and a shower stall. The toilet had a separate door, which I liked. When it was time for us to check out, Maheder and Bobae were so kind. They asked us how our stay was and made sure everything went well. The entire staff, including the door man and valet driver were extremely professional and nice. My boyfriend and I will definitely be back in the future! We hope to see Maheder and Bobae again! Best front desk service! :) 
240704401	 The Westin Georgetown was a perfect hotel to stay in for a work meeting that took place a block away. I arrived well before check-in time yet they got me a key and allowed me up to my room. My work meetings started at noon and I didn't get back until almost 9:00 that evening, but my room fit all the requirements.<br/><br/>I appreciated that it was set up for business travelers and had a desk with a pretty comfortable chair. The bed was also comfortable which led to a good night's sleep.<br/><br/>The hotel is conveniently located to the Foggy Bottom metro stop and it was an easy 5 minute walk with no problems. It's also only about a 10-15 minute walk to the heart of Georgetown's shopping area where there were plenty of places to eat.<br/><br/>I only stayed the one night, but everyone was pleasant and attentive to my requests while I was there.<br/><br/>My one complaint is that, as a business traveler I had several items to plug in overnight and I felt like I had things all over the room. It worked ok, though, and I didn't forget any of them! 
240567176	 The staff at this Westin made this business trip feel a cut above the norm. Deenny went above and beyond make me feel welcome and comfortable every time I walked in or out the front door. Concierge service, front desk and all other staff were equally engaging. It's the people that make business travel a great experience or an unmemorable one. Glad to see this hotel get it right! 
240467769	 Stayed overnight to celebrate our 5-year wedding anniversary and everyone was more than accommodating. Great location and close walking distance to M Street/Georgetown shops. Requested a mini-fridge in the room, which was there upon arrival. Complimentary bottle of champagne was also placed in the room (much to our surprise) for when we returned from dinner. Everyone made us feel super welcome. We will definitely recommend and stay at the Westin again! 
240102107	 The moment we arrived, we were politely directed to the front desk by the doorman. At the front desk, we were kindly greeted by Front Desk Agent, Maheder, and she was absolutely terrific. Our room was very clean and spacious and the bathroom was super clean and spotless. The bed was one of the most comfortable beds I had ever slept on. When our weekend was over, Front Desk Supervisor, Bobae. was amazing to talk to as we explained to her we were very happy with all of the service and the quality of the room. Both Maheder, Bobae, and the rest of the staff were absolutely great and so kind to us during out entire weekend! We will most definitely be visiting again thanks to their great service! 
240000544	 Although this is called the Georgetown Westin, it is actually located in Foggy Bottom, just across Rock Creek on M St. It is a 3 minute walk into Georgetown proper. This is a typical Westin. Comfortable rooms, heavenly beds, great service. I didn't try any of the restaurants, but the Caucus looked a step above the regular 'rubber chicken' hotel restaurant. There isn't a cafe or coffee kiosk, which is a bit of a pity considering this is probably used for business meetings. I needed a cuppa before a meeting myself, and just wanted something quick to go. But the Caucus was great! I was able to get a cup of coffee, one of the 'craft' third wave coffees popular amongst the hipster crowd lately. What a pleasant surprise! Staff were courteous and service prompt. There are a few restaurants and casual eateries within a block--some place called Sweet Green serving lots of healthy options, pressed juices. I'd stay again! 
190193638	 Fantastic hotel and location. Concierge service was wonderful. Our room was perfect and spacious- my children (10 and 12) loved it. Close enough to take a long walk to the Kennedy Center or Georgetown. 
190078138	 We had a delightful few days at this hotel while we were exploring DC. We loved the small size of this property. It was just right for us, and not too large. The staff was very friendly and helpful thru out our stay. Our room was lovely and had the most comfortable beds. We appreciated the walk in shower as well. The room was quiet, and we never heard a peep from our neighbors. A special touch we enjoyed was the hot apple cider near the elevator. It was a perfect stay from start to finish!! 
189865651	 We loved the property but they do not own any restaurant so they do not have control over them. So we went every day out for breakfast to small bistro a block away. My kids loved the apple and the baby the bananas but nothing else. 
189816599	 This hotel has real swagger. <br/>Great location. <br/>Staff very friendly and service standard very high. We had real fun with the conceige staff who showed us how to ride the bikes in the foyer, it was all in good humor.<br/>Room was quiet and perfect.<br/>Gym facilities and swimming pool excellent.<br/>Hire of bikes to see the Washington sights was an extra bonus.<br/>Eating in both restaurants were good quality.<br/> A credit to The Westin brand.<br/><br/><br/> 
189476320	 The Westin Georgetown is an excellent hotel for any traveler. I stay there when I am in Washington, DC. I travel there on a regular basis, so the hotel is a &quot;home away from home&quot;! The staff is superb and is very attentive to the needs of the business traveler. The rooms are well-appointed and VERY comfortable! The work out facility is excellent, and the Westin will even provide you w/ work-out clothes!! And the Caucus Room which is attached to the hotel is a fine restaurant. The location is ideal for both business travelers and tourists as well. 
189284407	 I consider myself to be a hotel snob and must say I was very impressed with this hotel. Our room was fantastic, the location was perfect, there were plenty of excellent restaurants and bars within walking distance, and the hotel staff was wonderful. Boveda, (the Mexican restaurant downstairs) could have had a wider variety of beer on tap, but the personality of the bartender made up for their lack of selection. I do not have a single complaint with this hotel. My wife and I had a perfect stay for five nights. Thank you Westin Georgetown!! 
112296634	 We stayed at The Westin Georgetown for 4 nights. The hotel is modern and clean and the service was excellent. The concierge and front desk staff are extremely helpful. The facilities are excellent, we did not use the pool but the gym has everything you need. The Dusk Restaurant has great food and atmosphere but the alcohol is expensive. The in-room dining menu is excellent and the service prompt. One night the management hosted free drinks for about 2 hours in the Courtyard and we had a good chat to the General Manager and other staff, this made us feel very welcome. The main strip of Georgetown is only 4 blocks away and there are Coffee Shops and Pharmacies close by. The rooms are a good size and the bathrooms are clean and very modern. I detest dodgy hotels and rude staff and hotels that don’t live up to what their web-sites say. I would 100% recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Washington D.C. 
111367724	 I had an excellent Westin stay at this hotel. The rooms were large with high ceilings. The bathroom was enormous and had both a shower and bathtub. Beds/linens/bath products were all usual high quality Westin. The lobby was typical understated Westin, which is a good thing. I found the lounge to be tasteful and very refined. I only had the breakfast buffet. While not cheap, I found it to be an acceptable value. <br/> This hotel is a nice choice if you're not accustomed to city sounds. The neighborhood is very quiet, and I slept just as well as when I'm in the quiet suburbs. It's not close to the metro, but an easy 5 block walk. <br/> The staff here is excellent. The &quot;main&quot; concierge is Friday-Sunday I believe. I was in contact with him over email several weeks before my visit. Jeffery was very helpful and communicative. The service is typical excellent Westin. Clean rooms etc etc. <br/> Overall the value for my rate was excellent, however rates here vary wildly. If you can get one of their cheaper rates for your stay, it's a top notch value. If you don't mind being a bit of a walk from the metro, and want a nice quiet neighborhood, this is definitely a great place to stay. This was my first trip to DC and The Westin-Georgetown helped make it a wonderful trip. I look forward to returning and would recommend it to friends. 
111119839	 I stayed at the Westin Georgetown on May 28th for one night. The Westin is a nice hotel, well-located if not right on top of either the Dupont Circle or Foggy Bottom Metro stations. The check-in was efficient and friendly. As a Platinum SPG member, I was adivised &quot;you have been upgraded to a corner room.&quot; However half the room's square footage was taken up by an L-shaped entry corridor; empty wasted space. The lighting system was difficult to figure out: the switch for the bathroom was in the entry hallway - before the dressing room, which also had a switch. Not intuitive by any stretch of the imagination.<br/>The odd configuration made the room inself a bit cramped: the bed faced the window, so that the TV was to one's left. The club chair and footrest were wedged in so as to face away from said TV, and there was no room for a chair at the desk. Yes, I could have asked for another room, but one night is one night and I spend little time in hotel rooms. The morning I checked out, the toilet did not work and almost overflowed into the bathroom. Not a pretty sight. 
110855554	 The hotel has been updated and the staff is still so wonderful. 
110830222	 The hotel is a short walk to Georgetown, DuPont Circle and about a 15 minute walk to the start of the memorials near the Lincoln Monument. The neighborhood is quiet but very safe and clean.<br/><br/>As for our stay, the staff was great in terms of a quick check-in, very clean and comfortable room and help when we needed it. Special thanks to Amadou and Erwing for their help when we were leaving. Also, the hotel has a nice outdoor pool for relaxing after walking all day. 
110383374	 A little walk to George Town, (well worth a visit) the hotel is about 20 minutes from the Lincoln Memorial, ideally located if you enjoy walking to the main places to visit. The hotel staff where friendly and helpful, although i didn't have breakfast at the hotel. The wonderful Westin Beds are just the best, along with the double shower heads in the shower. 
125666122	 I spend a 5 nights (2/12 thru 2/17) at the Georgetown Westin hotel and I enjoyed every minute of it. I needed a running shoes and Sussie at front deak send me a brand new NB shoes to rent for my entire stay for $5! Unbelieveable. Then, they have this nice program where they give you $5 credit or 500 SPG points per day if you skip house cleaning.<br/><br/>My family arrived the last day to spend the night but I messed up the reservation. James, I believe the night manager that night fixed the problem with a smile. I was grateful and relived. Also, Melvin was very helpful in checking my family in.<br/><br/>Overall this was a awesome experience and we like to come back to that hotel. Personally, I like to thank the management, especially, Sussie, James and Melvin. 
125622122	 This hotel is wonderful! Bed slept very well. Staff was exceptionally great! Very close to many attractions by walking and by Metro. I was there for a conference so had a break on the rate, otherwise I would not have been able to afford it but if you are able to go and/or you find a deal on the rate, it is a great experience. Very clean room! Wonderful bathroom! Food is good, but a little high. Several places to eat locally including a Starbucks a couple of blocks away. 
125609910	 Enjoyed our one nights stay. The staff was friendly and courteous. Asked for a fridge and two cribs which were delivered promptly. Staff signed a bday card and wished me a happy birthday. Doormen helped us load and unload which is always great with two toddlers in tow. Erwing and Amadou made them laugh while helping us parents. Overall one of the nicest stays at a hotel we have had recently. 
125405335	 The staff at The Westin Georgetown were all very friendly and helpful, beginning with Deenny who greeted me and took care of my valet needs. The location is great for seeing Washington, DC just a short walk to the White House, I am looking forward to staying here again for a personal trip. This trip was business related so not much time for site seeing. During my stay we held a reception at The Westin, and the staff was great to work with and the food at our reception was great. 
125285267	 We had a very nice stay at this Westin, which is about four blocks from Georgetown. The staff was very gracious. A doorman/parking guy named Ayman was particularly welcoming. Nice guy. The beds and bathrooms are really great; the room very nice and clean. For some reason, There did not seem to be any HDTV reception for regular network and cable TV, even thought the set was a very nice one and HD capable. Only other complaint is that the windows do not open at all. The building had windows that could open, but each one had retro-fitted stops/locks installed. My wife and I hate not being able to have fresh air in the room. 
125198721	 Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Westin in Georgetown. The location is great for exploring all that Washington D.C. has to offer. The staff is very nice and very helpful. We did not eat any meals at the hotel so I don't know how the food is. There are tons of restaurants within easy walking distance to the hotel and the area is safe at night. You are about 10 blocks from the White House and from there you can walk to all of the museums and monuments. We even walked as far as Arlington National Cemetery but the Metro is close by and you can get anywhere in D.C. very easily on the Metro. The only complaint I have is the cost of laundry at the hotel. I didn't realize it until it was too late, but there are 2 dry cleaners, one directly across the street and one about a half block away. You could easily drop your stuff off there and get it back for far less than what the hotel charges. There really is no need to charge what they charge for a few small articles of clothing! But, other than that, the stay was very nice and I would stay again 
176250878	 As someone who travels frequently, I can say confidently that the Westin Georgetown is among the best at delivering consistently friendly customer service. I was welcomed with a snack and drink during one of my first stays, and Amadou and Deenny are always happy to help find a cab or open the door. Will definitely be staying here again! 
176090253	 I'm at the Westin Georgetown every week Mon-Thurs for business and cannot say enough great things about the property -- rooms are great and spacious, food is good, but what really sets it apart is the staff. <br/>-The valets are incredibly courteous and helpful, in particular Amadou and Deenny. Once I was coming back from a run and Amadou saw me approaching and came out to greet me with a water bottle and a towel.<br/>-the SPG managers and Stay Ambassadors do a great job -- Melissa Spedden never fails to leave us some cookies or a snack in the room. Once, when I was staying for the weekend, Lana Kim surprised my fiance &amp; I with a welcome note and two bottles of wine for us to enjoy. It really made the weekend stay special. 
175987511	 I don't understand some of the criticisms I've seen of this hotel. We (my husband and I) were there over the Labor Day weekend, and were thoroughly pleased with everything about this hotel. It is, as others have said, ideally located -- only a 15-minute bike ride (using Washington's &quot;Capital Bikeshare&quot;) from the Smithsonian and great restaurants. Lana Kim, whose title is &quot;stay ambassador,&quot; truly made our visit exceptional. She took a great deal of care in selecting the perfect room for us, given that we were looking for quiet and relaxation after weeks of very intense work. And she made us feel so valued, as if we were guests in her own home. The cleaning service was excellent, also -- whoever cleaned our room even went so far as to neatly arrange all my cosmetic items on the bathroom countertop. We have stayed at many high-end hotels, and this one was one of the best. 
175915211	 My wife and I celebrated our 10 year anniversary at the Georgetown Westin and highly recommend the hotel to anyone looking for excellent customer service and accommodations. Before arrival we received a warm welcome for Kim Lana, the Westin's guest ambassador. During our stay Ms. Lana went out of her way to make sure our stay was great. She went so far as sending us a special gift and thoughtful note. When many large organizations struggle to provide quality customer service, the Georgetown Westin and Ms. Lana truly know how to make their guests feel welcome. 
175831019	 I checked in here for a two week stay for business. It quickly became so comfortable and inviting as I came back and forth to the hotel exhausted from work. Everyone I encountered was so professional and kind always wishing me a good day and welcoming me back each evening! A special shout out to Lana and Aldo for always sharing restaurant picks and things to do when I had free time as well as making me feel like I was coming home every night instead of to a hotel. Everyone here was just great. Thanks for such a great experience and making me so comfortable and relaxed in your hotel! Hope to come back again for pleasure the next time! 
175763414	 The location for this hotel is excellent , It is very close to the White house and other attractions. I stayed here on a recent trip to Washington . It is also very close to the FOggy Bottom station and from the waterfront as well. I booked a room with a mini gym inside the room - it was some fitness package that i had booked and you will not believe it i had a yoga mat, dumbells, cycle etc and a work out CD in my room, It was a very different experience. The only low side for me was the breakfast - I had expected more items to be on the buffet spread. I alwasys stay at the westin or sheratons and i have definately had better options for breakfast. whatever was served, was good nonetheless. 
67133962	 Had a choice of three hotels that met my location choice. Chose the Grand Westin for the package but their customer service won my loyalty. Will look forward to staying there on my return. 
66946468	 On a whim I decided to take advantage of a flight sale earlier in the year and go back to DC for the first time in 25 years to see the museums and relax. I found a great deal at the Westin Grand and thoroughly enjoyed my stay there.<br/><br/>The room was a nice size, it was very clean, had a comfortable bed and a great bathroom. I didn't eat at the hotel restaurant as I prefer to go out and explore, but I did have a drink at the bar and chatted to staff and locals. Nearby you've got everything from Starbucks to drug stores and Trader Joe's and you're a short walk from loads of restaurants, the Metro at Foggy Bottom and Georgetown.<br/><br/>Being in a residential area also means that the hotel is very quiet and I really couldn't have asked for a better hotel as the base for my exploration of DC. 
66882311	 Have stayed here numerous times over the past few years. The hotel is always clean and the staff go out of thier way for you. It is an easy walk to Georgetown or to the monuments. I would tell anyone going to DC to look here first. 
66309663	 From the momment that we checked into the hotel, Yarnell the Front Desk attendant couldn't have been more friendly and informative. If we had a question, she had the perfect suggestion. She greeted us by name everytime we entered the lobby. The whole experience with the hotel was very positive. I would definately recommend this hotel for future visits to Washington DC. 
65332851	 What a great experience for my first trip to Washington, DC. The Hotel and staff were great and went above and beyond to make sure our stay was pleasant.<br/><br/>Jerome at the front desk assisted my colleague and I with food suggestions and sites to visit. He was very professional and provided excellent customer service.<br/><br/>I plan to visit DC as often as possible and the Westin Grand will be my hotel of choice from now on. 
65097434	 This is a bad-a__ hotel as my son would say! We used Hotwire and landed here to visit him in DC for the weekend, and got an awesome deal in price for a 4 star pad in the Dupont Circle part of town! off the hook excellent service, the bed and sheets were &quot;to die for&quot; comfortable, we slept like rocks and got up to Starbucks coffee we made in the room. All kinds of stuff to do, of course, but the staff were so helpful and polite! I thought we were back home in the south where such hospitality is a given!<br/>You cannot go wrong, just wait and see! 
30822547	 I was here for one night for business, room was comfortable and clean with a nice sized bathroom and nice shower, bed was very comfortable and I slept well, no issue with noise...be mindful to ask for a room that does not have an adjoining door, as my employer had an issue with noise because of this. The staff went above and beyond, even helping me with a personal errand. The hotels this particular week were $320+, I think because of the week, but I dont have anything to compare to since this was my first time in Washington DC. Close to major sites, probably could have walked but took a cab because I was short on time. No problems using the Internet in the room, but had to have the staff print items for me, don't think they had a full service business center. Lots of options to eat closeby, checkout the Bread and Chocolate bakery for breakfast, lunch - delicious food. Would stay here again no doubt. 
30615056	 I stay at the Westin Grand every year in conjunction with my school's senior prom. As a high school administrator I have been hosting the prom at this hotel for the past 7 years. The service is consistently excellent and and I continue to be pleased. <br/><br/>I stayed at the Westin for one night on May 21. I booked my king size room through the website and got an excellent rate of $139/ night. The view was facing the inside courtyard and the pool. The bed is one of the most comfortable and the bathrooms are spacious. Toilet, tub and shower are all separate. The room also had a vanity area with chair outside the bathroom. <br/><br/>All of the staff, from the catering manger, to the valet, bell hop and front desk staff are always pleasant, courteous and helpful. I always arrive earlier than check in time with a ton of stuff! Boxes of decorations, red carpets, elaborate backdrops, helium tanks, whatever it is, they are more than willing to help me unload and get situated. Check it always efficient and swift. I had my room key and was on my way up in less than 5 minutes! <br/><br/>The catering manager and banquet staff always take very good care of us. This year we held the prom in the Washington Ballroom. In previous years we have also used the Promedane. Both spaces are lovely and unique. The Washington Ballroom is circular beautiful lighting and the Promenade is gorgeous with a grand staircase, hardwood floors, and floor to ceiling windows and doors that lead out to the courtyard and fountain. We alternate spaces based on the theme each year. Set up is was a breeze. They had the dance floor down, tables set, and decor up well in advance for me to inspect and approve. The food is always delicious and service throughout the night was excellent. The children had a magical evening that they will never forget. <br/><br/>There are not many hotels in Georgetown that would open it's doors to teenagers from an inner-city high school to have a party. This is primarily a business hotel, but year after year they continue to open their doors to us and give us excellent service at a very fair rate. After the madness of the prom has ended, I look forward to climbing to that heavenly bed and getting some much needed sleep. The Westin Grand is beautiful hotel to host any event and the service is excellent. I hope to continue to do business with them for many more years. 
28280521	 We stayed here for spring break - just me and the kids (husband had to stay home). We used SPG points, and sprung for the upgraded room which I think they called a mini-suite. I'm glad we did - we had 2 double beds, a loveseat, and two chairs. The room was on the corner with windows facing the courtyard. It was a very nice-sized room. The bathroom had separate shower &amp; tub. There was a safe in the closet large enough for my 17&quot; laptop - many hotel safes are too small for my laptop.<br/><br/>The room was very clean, all linens were in good shape. Housekeeping did a nice job.<br/><br/>Service was great. We ordered room service breakfast twice, which was delivered on time with all items, and the servers were very friendly. We also ordered room service dessert one night, which was a treat! The doormen were helpful and friendly. We did not try the restaurants.<br/><br/>The location is both good and bad. The good thing is it's a safe neighborhood, about 3-4 blocks to the metro (Washington Circle), 3-4 blocks to the start of Georgetown. The bad thing is it's not on the tourist route, and not a very busy neighborhood in the evening. We had quite a bit of rain and the kids were good about walking to the metro - but we opted for taxis a few times. So... it's not the most convenient neighborhood but also safe and clean.<br/><br/>A few recommendations - <br/><br/>Across 24th St, there is Uptown Cafe. This place was open breakfast through dinner. They had a nice salad bar that had a lot of fruit, breakfast foods, sandwiches, and desserts. I wish we had found it earlier - great spot for a breakfast before going to the Metro.<br/><br/>There is a Trader Joe's on 24th or 25th, near L St. You can buy food, wine, and beer there.<br/><br/>There is a CVS on 23rd St, near L. <br/><br/>In Georgetown, Le Pain Quotidien has great breakfasts and lunches. <br/><br/>Zed's Ethiopian is in Georgetown, close to the hotel, if you are in the mood for something unusual (my kids were not!). <br/><br/>We had dinner one night at Juniper, which is across the street in the Fairmont. They have a kids' menu. It was rather empty - easy to get a table - food was good, service was good. With the kids' menu the overall price was reasonable for a very nice meal.<br/><br/>Taxis are not that expensive to the White House ($7-10, depending on number of passengers). 
27361610	 Went during spring break with my family on SPG points. Staff not very friendly, and front desk never smiled or was really helpful (except doormen were nice). Requested king w/rollaway, and were placed in a TINY room...no way a rollaway could fit. I requested a larger room, and after was teased by the housekeeping supervisor that a much larger corner room was available on the floor, moved to a regular room on the west side of the building. It was small, but mammoth compared to the first room. Reviews are right about the minibar, but one fact is that beer is cheaper there (if you don't mind cans) than a bottle plus tip at the dark and quiet bar downstairs. There is a liquor/beer store about 2 blks away, just north of CVS in a market/grocery. I was not aware of it until near the end of the stay. Only challenge for vacationers and kids is that it is about 2.5 blocks away from the Circulator bus route, which is perfect to see DC cheaply and get to the sites. Surprisingly, limited restaurants in the area unfortunately. To do it again, I might have stayed at the Washington DC Westin downtown, even though reviews say few restaurants, I found most the eateries to be on that side of town, and very very close to public transportation. To do it again w/kids, I'd pick the Embassy Suites (one of the 2) for lots of reasons...including space and location. Also, BEWARE...pool is outdoors even though the pictures appear it's inside (much of the reason we picked this hotel was the indoor pool). 
27262379	 First of all, the location of the Westin Grand is perfect. Four blocks from the metro, a few more blocks to Dupont and Georgetown, and in one of the best parts of town, the Westin Grand really has a fabulous location.<br/><br/>The rooms are roomy and have just been renovated. As always, the Heavenly Bed is luxurious and the new flat-screen televisions are a good touch. One of the best parts is the bathroom - a large soaking tub and glass shower with a separate WC add the sparkle to this hotel.<br/><br/>A few things to note. Our bags were unloaded from the car for us and taken up to our room for us as well. Parking is expensive, about $25 a night, but what do you expect from a downtown DC hotel?! While we arrived after 3pm check-in, our room was not ready. This was a small pain, but the staff handled it professionally and were apologetic. They offered a room on a lower floor but I insisted upon the top floor - something you should to do because the top floor has floor-to-ceiling windows! I did not try either room service or the restaurant mainly because they were expensive and there are plenty of better choices around the hotel. Internet is an extra fee, but I just used the business center to check email occasionally for free. I would highly recommend taking that route if you can. Also, I requested a fridge, which the hotel promptly brought up to my room for no extra charge.<br/><br/>The room was quiet and housekeeping did a very good job keeping it spotless. I was very impressed with the entire stay. 
27155465	 Stayed here for 4 nights in March 09 (thanks Priceline!).<br/><br/>The rooms are nice, well-decorated and clean, with the ubiquitous &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot;, which is just fabulous.<br/><br/>The location is good, just a few blocks from Georgetown, which is loverly to stroll around, and a 10 minute walk to the metro, which connects you to anywhere else you want to go.<br/><br/>The thing about the Westin is, like any other hotels in it's group, that it's just a little too formal and bordering on bland. This may be just because we had come from a boutique-type hotel in New York that had plenty of character, but it just feels a bit &quot;starchy&quot;.<br/><br/>The staff, especially the door staff and bell-hops, were really helpful, but the staff at reception felt like robots on occasions.<br/><br/>Overall, nice hotel in a good location, but neds a bit of personality. 
224431624	 I stayed here only because it seemed the best value relative to the TripAdvisor rating…..know little about D.C, and was there only to help my daughter move into a new apartment in the area. While the hotel is currently undergoing a renovation and the lobby is basically nonexistent, everything else was lovely. The employees at check-in were most accommodating and made sure to put me on a higher floor so I did not hear the worst of the construction noise. There was an issue with my reservation having been double booked through the booking website and they went out of their way to resolve it working with Amex Platinum card. Location is great and the rooms were fine…not as nice as some other Westins I have stayed in but great for the price. 
223660728	 We stayed as a family at this wonderful property and I have to say that it was one of the best hotels I have stayed in. The doorman, receptionist and all those whom we had interacted were just very helpful.<br/><br/>We sill surely return to this property for a longer stay. 
223647311	 Great location - couple blocks from main Georgetown/M street area. The staff was very friendly - provided some good suggestions for things to do. Gabrielle, the stay ambassador, was very helpful and provided great suggestions as well. 
223643830	 Arrived at the Georgetown Washington Westin . At check in we were told that our reservation was at the other Washington Westin. They booked us into the Georgetown Westin after my wife consulted with the manager on duty at the original Westin that even though our reservation was non refundable that they wouldn't charge us because we were checking into their sister hotel. <br/><br/>NOT. Visa bill showed we were charged at both hotels. My complaint ended up at someone's desk in Ireland (with no toll free number) and they said unless my wife could tell them the name of the manager she spoke to they would not redund our money. <br/><br/>I'm a SPG MEMBER and can't believe the run around I got for the price of two nights stay. Sold my Starwood stock the next day. Stock has since traded down 15%. Thanks Westin for the tip. 
223584053	 My husband and I stay at Westin and Sheraton properties everywhere we go. This is by far one of my favorites. The staff at the Westin Georgetown make you feel like royalty! Rooms are large for a city hotel. You can walk to lots of sites. 
222958325	 The Westin Georgetown sits right at 24th and M, convenient to both downtown and Georgetown. The hotel is updated with well appointed rooms that are clean and neat, and the staff is especially helpful. Currently they are renovating the lobby but it's not an issue with your stay. 
167667974	 I had a great business conference experience at the Westin Georgetown. When the price is right, this will be one of my new favorite DC hotels. The location is great, the staff is amazing, the rooms are generous, everything was &quot;just right&quot;. 
167228152	 I stayed last week with my family. Clean, quiet, and a wonderful bathroom. Location couldn´t be better. <br/>The best: AMADOU and DEENNY, doormen. They always helped us with the car, the luggage, even if we didn´t need it, with a great big smile.<br/>The worst: The man in the front desk. Very unhelpful and not nice at all. Women at the front desk were kind.<br/>Would stay there again. 
166884560	 Stayed at Westin for a couple of days on a business trip. The hotel is very conveniently located to most tourist attractions and was reasonably priced when I booked. Rooms are impeccable and clean. Gym is decent, there's also the option of hiring running kit for $5 a day if you don't want to carry yours. All in all, great hotel. 
166853618	 We had a lovely weekend in DC. The rooms are amazing, great location and the manager Peter was so nice and attentive, anything you want he will make sure they do their best to meet your needs. I would definitely choose this as a great place to stay in DC. 
166680321	 I was visiting DC for the 4th with my family (12 people total) and my wife found this Westin on their website… This was our first trip to DC (for pleasure) on the 4th and wanted all the kids to have a great time and experience what it means to here in DC. We ended up with 3 rooms and all were the double beds, they were good size rooms and very clean. Being July in DC it was very hot and humid so we were pleased to find the hotel had a second floor roof top pool and we used it every afternoon to help us cool off before dinner, which we were able to walk to every night… <br/><br/>This is a solid 4 star level Westin and you get what you would expect as far as good service, very clean rooms, and one of the best locations in the city in a more residential neighborhood… Thanks Westin Georgetown team! We will be back! 
166620753	 Great location, great rooms, rarely get upgrades, but rooms are quite nice. Nothing special about it, more like an apartment in a nice convenient neighborhood.Sometimes it is reasonably priced, other times sold out early or very expensive. A great place to stay. 
56291386	 It has taken me too long to communicate my great pleasure staying at the Westin Grand while in Washington, DC. Despite the delay, my esteem for the attentive, professional, and engaging staff has not diminished.<br/><br/> First impressions are difficult to overcome whether one as extensive travel experience and a sociological background or not. Jerome at the front desk recognized my entry into the hotel instantaneously, and with equal immediacy smiled and extended greetings. After welcoming me by name and checking me in to the property, he assured me that the staff was there to help. His emphasis struck me more genuinely than some I have encountered, and when I asked for directions later in the day, he fulfilled the expectation of great hospitality (and provided accurate information).<br/><br/> After attending a social event sponsored by the Westin Grand, I remembered that airport security regulations translate into me leaving all liquids, gels, perishables, toiletries of all kinds, and a modicum of common sense at home. Yarneli and Vikram at the front desk offered directions to a store, but followed with a suggestion that I avoid the cold and they would have toothpaste sent to my room. This pleasing alternative was accepted, and shortly after returning to my room an attendant arrived with a kit that included my mentioned toothpaste. The kit also contained shave gel, which I needed but neglected to mention as Homeland Security had kept the aforementioned common sense.<br/><br/> The hotel event is worth noting. Gathering otherwise isolated elite level guests to socialize is a rather intelligent concept given the common experience of travel associated with tier progression and the possibly wasted networking opportunities when people with shared interests but unique backgrounds and different businesses only use the property to sleep in divine Heavenly beds. This was also a distinct chance to meet with Meade, Ann-Marie, and other senior staff that are often hidden unless a traveler is in a group or has a problem. All of the staff present were articulate and cordial, and I would suggest strongly that, after complimentary wireless, that all properties model the Westin Grand’s monthly event. Conversation, libations, and charming staff combine to ensure that I have strongly recommended the Westin Grand to friends and associates planning trips to the District. I may have to stay longer to enjoy both this and the Sheraton National’s exceptional staff… but the Westin has a definitive location and bed advantage if I must choose.<br/><br/>The Westin Grand gets a rare 10 on my hotel scale. 
55519743	 It was a complete fluke as we were just looking for a couple getaway, quiet weekend, but it turned out to be such a beautiful weekend. The kites by the monument, the blossoms were amazing, the parade....and the hotel was so accomodating. We were able to walk to all restaurants and great shoppingl 
55411164	 I recently stayed here for two nights while in D.C. on business. Major upsides include modern interior decor, clean well-maintained bathrooms, clean, comfortable beds, a self-park garage, and no funny smells (most of the time).<br/><br/>Major downsides include small rooms with support columns in odd places, long rambling corridor layout, HVAC intake too close to the sidewalk (so that sometimes it drew in cigarette smoke from taxi drivers smoking outside), and too far from the Metro station at Foggy Bottom. Three blocks may be a tolerable walk in Washington's summer heat, but is really too far in Washington's winter cold. I got a fantastic deal on Hotwire, so I'm happy about this stay, but if I had paid the regular rate directly through Starwood, I would have felt ripped off. 
55279639	 We stayed here for 6 nights based on the reviews of others on TripAdviser. Our rooms were clean and heavenly beds were just that. We had conjoined rooms with a rollaway in one and a crib in the other. The bathrooms were great and roomy.<br/>The walk from Foggy Bottom/GWU took about 7 to 10 mins and was an easy walk - even in the heat of August. The one disappointment with this hotel was the size of the pool.<br/>We would recommend this hotel without reservation. 
52085080	 My husband, daughter and I stayed at the Westin on December 27. Consistently with the reviews of other guests, we received great customer service from the front desk, Yarnell in particular. We needed to interact with the front desk much more than I would have expected for a hotel of this calibre. Our room wasn't ready when we arrived and then wasn't ready at the time first promised. When we did get to our room it took a phone call and a trip to the lobby to get the bell man to bring our bags. Our room was nice, except for the smell of mildew in the bedroom, which we unfortunately didn't discover until very late in the evening. The location of the hotel, the service, and the restaurant make it a good choice. With some tweaking in other areas, it would indeed be a grand choice. 
52051738	 Elegant, understated hotel. I stayed here for extended period in fall and winter 2009, staying weeknights and going home weekends. not the best from a personal point of view, but needed something familiar and comfortable. guest rooms quite nice, comfortable, quiet, good part of town. While i didn't feel that the overall management of hotel was exceptional, in fact i found them a bit dogmatic and unyielding, however, one staff in particular stood out. Yarnell at front desk was an absolute delight, anticipating my needs as i came back week after week, and going out of her way to make my stays as comfortable as possible. overall i would give the hotel 3.5 stars out of 5, but Yarnell scored a perfect 5 of 5. Nice Job Yarnell! 
87546230	 This is one of the best Westin's we have stayed at. The Staff is excellent, especially Haile the doorman. He was quick to remember what we liked, where we had been and what we had done the previous days. He also had great suggestions and even tested the kids on what they saw&quot; 
87495944	 Very nice and helpful staff, modern facilities including great room with large bathrooms. The doormen, including Deenny, couldn't have been more helpful and sociable. I'll be going back there when I'm next in town. 
87119425	 The staff at the Westin Grand went out of their way to make sure we had everything we needed. They gave us great advice on all of our questions-the best breakfast spot, great Italian food (in a kid friendly and affordable restaurant), using the Metro, you name it! Amadou, one of the conceirges, was especially helpful, friendly, and great with our kids. 
86806416	 From the moment I arrived, the valet and bellmen politely explained parking options and when I mentioned I was spending the birthday weekend with my son, a recent college grad,not only did they upgrade my room to a more appropriate layout for a mother/son vacation - they did it seamlessly. The room style is quiet elegance with really comfy beds and fluffy comforters. The West End location (just a few blocks from Georgetown) is perfectly situated for a DC visit - across the street from the Fairmont and just down from the Four Seasons. I cannot stress enough the attention to detail and excellent service I experienced from THE ENTIRE STAFF. I cannot remember the last time I said that...now for the killer. Bought my room through Hotwire and they acted like I had paid rack rate. Do yourself a favor and stay here when you're going to DC. I will only stay there hitherforth. 
86787387	 Amadou and Deenny are exceptional. Helped with smart choices on getting around the city. Warm welcome to hotel by some tremendous employees. They make you smile and feel special. 
86744655	 I travel 5 days a week for my job and have been staying at the Westin Grand during my time in Washington DC. I've been quite impressed with this hotel, particularly with the friendliness of the staff. Every morning the doorman who helps me get a taxi is very friendly and personable, and the man who helps me to check my luggage in-between visits is phenomenal as well (Amadou and Deenny). I've been very happy with my stays here, and look forward to more to come. 
243131249	 I stayed here with my wife for a long weekend earlier this year and it was an incredibly convenient location for seeing sights in town. The hotel itself was immaculate and beautiful, the room had a very comfortable bed and was very modern. I think this hotel could meet anyone's expectations. 
242855177	 This Westin is a typical Westin quality. Great sleeping beds, good bellmen, and service personnel. Very close to the Metro Foggy Bottom stop. Nice quiet place to stay for business that allows you to get plenty of good sleep time. Would stay again. 
242648942	 Stayed a single night recently at this very nice hotel in Foggy Bottom. In comparison to the hotels in the city center (eg around metro center) this is clearly a superior entity. The rooms are large with enormous bathrooms that include a seperate shower and bathtub. The shower features an overhead shower head which is always a treat. Moreover, the w.c. is seperate from the tub and bathroom sink which is my preferred setup. In lieu of a closet there was an armoire complete with a safe. The bedding is typically Westin, that is, very comfortable. The quality of the hotel is in line with the surrounding competition in that there is a Fairmont, Park Hyatt, Ritz Carlton, and Marriott within 2 blocks. Of course these are the hotels of the K Street crowd and their fabulous expense accounts. To its credit the Westin is the most reasonable of the lot and that is appreciated. With regards to its location it is a few blocks from the Foggy Bottom Metro stop. The dining and nightlife in the area are somewhat limited. One asset is that there is a Whole Foods close by in case supplies are needed. If convenience to transportation, access to superior restaurants, and proximity to cultural and historic attractions are key to your stay, it is probably better to stay near Metro Center or the Verizon Center. Such restaurants as DBGB are in that area along with casual choices such as the Shake Shack are also close by. The trade off is that hotels in this area are lesser quality than Foggy Bottom and somewhat noisier. The bottom line is that most people will be completely satisfied with the Westin in Foggy Bottom so long as they do not mind locating a short ride away from most attractions. 
242641243	 I really enjoyed my time at this hotel. The room was very nice and clean, the bathroom very big. The staff helped me whenever I needed something. Also, very close to where the stores and restaurants are so it was fun to go out at night. Would stay here again and would recommend to others as well. Thank you. 
242512931	 Our family arrived late and, due to tight availability, we were upgraded to a superior room and given free internet. From check-in to check-out, everyone was friendly and accommodating. The hotel was clean and the room was nicely laid out. Can't speak for the restaurant as we didn't eat there, but it looked very nice. The location worked well for us, even though it wasn't as close to the National Mall as we would have preferred, but we were staying on points and we knew going in that we'd have some walking ahead of us. Since the weather was beautiful (mid-October), we enjoyed the exercise and all of the sights that much more. I highly recommend the Westin Georgetown. 
242489681	 Every hotel should have a front desk manager like Dag. He is personable, helpful and always a delight to see when I check-in on a weekly basis for work travel. Overall, the entire staff is professional and friendly. I look forward to my weekly stays at the Westin Georgetown. 
168700085	 I have stayed at Westin Georgetown a few times now (this time after a number of years and after trying the Westin Arlington twice) and really like the rooms, especially the bathrooms. I was upgraded to a suite, which was spacious, as I am a SPG member. I used 14,500 points each for two rooms for a Saturday night stay in July and would have been disappointed if the upgrade on at least one of the rooms did not come through. The parking garage for the lowest level is a bit annoying, because you have to carry your luggage up a flight of stairs. Valet and luggage drop off was not an option when I arrived.<br/><br/>There is a nice gym, but no indoor pool (which would have been useful as the outdoor pool was closed due to lightning when we wanted to use it).<br/><br/>I would return to this hotel again for the bathrooms, but it is not a clear choice over Westin Arlington. 
168561728	 I booked this hotel on Travelocity for $169.00/night. It was a steal of a value at that price. It is not really in Georgetown and is better described as West End. The hotel is located in a cluster of hotels just north of Foggy Bottom in the West End neighborhood. It is a 10 minute walk to Foggy Bottom, 10 minute walk to Georgetown, 15 minute walk to Downtown/White House.<br/><br/>The Good: Super clean hotel, large bathrooms. Nice lobby. Location. Fairly quiet (not super quiet, it is still in the heart of the city, but there was no nightlife/bar noise at all). The hotel has a nice and family friendly pool. It is mostly covered and wasn't busy even in the 95+ July heat.<br/><br/>The Bad: There are only two check-in attendents and even though there were not a lot of folks checking in when I did, it was still quite a wait. <br/><br/>The Unusual: The rooms are eco-friendly and the electricity will not work in the rooms unless a keycard is placed in the cardholder near the lightswitch next to the door. When the card is not in the holder, none of the lights work, TV, or A/C. This can easily be fixed by requesting an additional key card and leaving it in the eco-holder while you are out. I did that so that my room was cool when I returned to it and I was very glad that I did. 
168479491	 I checked out of the hotel this morning and it is great!! I stayed here with another family, and we were given connecting rooms on the 7th floor overlooking the nice hotel courtyard. The hotel bathrooms were awesome!! Huge, and the rain showers were great. The service was great!! The front desk were all very nice but the people that stood out the most were the bell hops. Amadou is without a doubt the happiest person alive!! Always smiling and laughing, and having the time of his life. He offers very personal service and greets you by name. He is definitely a keeper!! Another bellhop (whose name I didn't catch) chased a taxi can down the street for us!! Location is nice. Close to Georgetown, but a little far from the sights. Close to a big bus tour bus stop. Pool and fitness centre are great. Open 6am-11pm. One of my best hotel experiences and will definitely be back!! 
168301463	 No problems overall with hotel. They were kind enough to provide a rollaway bed when I learned the hard way that requesting multple beds through hotwire doesn't mean a thing (I had specified 2 adults and 2 children, we ended up wtih a single king bed). I'm pretty sure thats hotwires fault not the hotel, but not sure. Good location, walking distance to Georgetown, right around the corner from the watergate apartement complex (who knew? it has trees growing from the abandoned levels after levels of soviet-style apartment blocks. it SHOULD be a monument to government corruption. hope they don't tear it down. wierd with DC real estate prices so high that it sits abandoned) anyway it was a 2 mile walk to the smithsonian from the hotel, doable, also 3 block walk to the subway foggy bottom station. P.S. Why do &quot;high end&quot; hotels insist on charging for wi-fi that i can get for free at the lowliest motel 6. offensive! thats the main reason I gave them 4 instead of 5. 
168301429	 I pass by this hotel everyday to work I decided to spend 4th of July here and I was really impressed with the room and bathroom! A separate shower and tub. Very spacious bathroom. Room is very clean, I'm impressed. <br/>The property is walking distance to Georgetown. Being a local, I wouldn't mind spending another weekend here for relaxation. Didn't get to try their restaurant which is outdoors I think, but will definitely come back and try it! 
167840224	 This hotel is excellent. Comfortable beds, a top quality bathroom and of course its exceptionally clean. Whilst it's not located real close to the main attractions of DC is still within walking distance to the White house and its surrounds, and it is not too far from a subway station. <br/>I'd like to give a mention to Louie the Security guard - he is very friendly, and very reasonable and he definitely made our stay here more enjoyable. 
171253320	 Aumdou and Deenin were most helpful with time saving directions and overall service.<br/>The location and amenities are the best in DC...and all such a short walk to Georgetown, as well! The Heavenly room is just that...heavenly! 
171030051	 This Westin is always our go to location in DC for pleasure. It is in a great location. Easy walk to the Foggy Bottom Metro Station and a short walk across the bridge into Georgetown. <br/><br/>The staff is always friendly and accomodating. The rooms are very good size with most having extra large bathrooms. They are very green friendly and certainly are doing their part to recycle and conserve energy, which I applaud.<br/><br/>One thing to note is that there are not a lot of restaurants right near the hotel. Most are a few blocks walk over into Georgetown or down M street. Not a big deal, but just need to be aware. There is an awesome deli across the street for quick sandwiches that we always enjoy. It is called the Uptowner Cafe. 
170944686	 We just came back from Washington and stay at the Westin, great staff, Erwin and Vicente were very helpfull and the rooms as same as the bathroom are really big, they gave us complimentary internet and the location was amazing,the only thing that I don't lke is they charge 7.00 for using the bussiness center for 15 minutes but instead of that was great stay thank you!!!! 
170857376	 Start to finish the hotel was a great place to relax after walking miles after miles. The room, which had a street view, was unbelievable. The only meal we had was breakfast on the day of our departure because it was pooring rain and it was good to spend a couple hours in the room on that type of day.<br/><br/>Kim Lana helped me tremendously make this weekend special with reservations and in room options to make our stay personal.<br/><br/>Thank you,<br/>Nathan 
170774018	 Stayed at the Westin Georgetown for our annual return from the beach trip home. 2 rooms on a Saturday evening in July. Staff at the front desk were friendly. We arrived early and rooms were not ready. Katherine took my cell number and called me to tell us the rooms were ready at app. 2pm. Both rooms were spotless and were connecting to one another like I had requested. The good thing about the Westin is that it is close to Georgetown, the bad thing is that it is close to Georgetown. My wife always wants to walk down M. St for dining and shopping. I prefer taxis. When we came down to go out for the night, a light rain had started to fall, when Erwing at the door offered us 4 umbrellas for the walk, we were off. Thanks for the service Erwing, always appreciate you taking care of my family. 
170478674	 Very attractive establishment in an excellent area, quiet but central. <br/>Impeccable service. Aldo and James at reception extremely competent and courteous. <br/>Room and bed extremely comfortable. Only thing, the bedding &quot;arrangement&quot; is complicated being structured through various layers of linens.<br/>In the minibar , we found a remnant of an old sandwich left by a previous guest. The hotel (Essie) brought us from the bar downstairs one round of complimentary drinks worth 16 USD. 
213801479	 Great hotel in the heart of DC. Walking distance to Georgetown, the White House, and many other DC monuments. I have spent several weeks here on business, and have enjoyed the proximity to running trails, nearby restaurants, and friendly staff. Deenny and Abdel, the valets, have been especially helpful. Will definitely continue to stay here for my travels.<br/><br/>Only complaint is that the elevators smell weird. 
213295846	 Hotel was fine with a few brown stains on the bed cover but the front desk is a deal breaker. At 2:40p I was told my room was not ready and I would be called when ready. I also asked if Internet was included and told YES.<br/><br/>A hot a humid day (end of June) I walked the local area until after 6p, not receiving a phone call I returned to find the room was available shortly after I left, they had forgotten to call. The nest day I had a $12 fee for internet, complained and told it was removed. On checkout the next day I had two internet charges. Had both removed by the person stating she was a supervisor (you are doing a bad job as your staff does not listen) she referred to it as a &quot;communication problem&quot;, no, it is your staff giving lib service and not caring what their supervisor says. 
212958898	 We had a wonderful stay and it all started with the balloon surprise and hospitality gifts for my 3 year old daughter. This little detail really made it easier for her to giggle, laugh, play, and get over the long flight and time change.<br/><br/>Every person that we had contact with were all very gracious and polite and I appreciate the extra environmental steps that Westin has taken recently. 
212717046	 Was in DC for business - extended stay for the weekend to see the sites. The hotel is beautiful. This part of DC is nice and has a cool, young neighborhood feel - Trader Joes close by and hotel within walking distance of all of the sites. Check out District Taco for quick lunch and Founding Farmers for dinner if you can get a reservation. 
212636267	 We checked into the Westin Georgetown for a birthday weekend away, and our experience was lovely. A personal notecard, chocolate truffles and Prosecco were waiting for us upon arrival, courtesy of Lana Kim, and the service was fantastic throughout the weekend. What's more, the accommodations were stylish and comfortable, and the location was top-notch. We will definitely be back! 
212264208	 Great hotel! Husband and I spent a long Memorial day weekend here and we really enjoyed our stay. The location could not be better: short walking distance to Foggy Bottom subway station and you can easily get to National Mall, Smithsonian museums etc. and in the evenings you can walk to M street and Wisconsin avenue with plenty of shopping and restaurants. You are also close to the upscale Washington Harbor with wonderful restaurants (Nick's Riverside grill etc.) and people watching...<br/>We came from Reagan Intl airport directly to the hotel with a shuttle bus and could check into our hotel even though it was just 10:30 am. The room was accommodating, spacious and very clean. Spotless white clean room with fresh scent. The king size bed was so comfortable and has a lot of pillows. It made us feel as if we were sleeping on a cloud. The rooms are super quiet, never heard a thing.<br/>The gorgeous bathroom was spacious, and had a separate bath and shower. A lot of counter space for all your cosmetics etc.<br/>We didn’t have much of a view on the 4th floor (the opposite building) but it really didn’t matter since we were out all day walking around and exploring the sights.<br/>We didn’t have breakfast at the hotel but walked in the mornings to four different coffee shops (Brueggers Bagels, Bread and Chocolate downtown etc.) and had bagels with fried eggs and bacon. The room has a little coffee maker with complimentary coffee.<br/>One curiosity is the downstairs restaurant Bodega that has free salsa lessons every Friday. It is worth while just to take a look and see couples dancing! Trader Joe’s is on the 25th street so if you feel like buying something to snack in the evenings it is just a couple of blocks from the hotel. In the lobby they were serving complimentary water with fresh fruit. It was very good after walking all day in the heat. They also have daily newspaper and you can print your boarding passes for free in the business room.<br/>We had waited for a long time to get to visit Washington DC and staying at this Westin hotel made is even more special. We had a fantastic experience in this Georgetown gem and would recommend this hotel to anyone with similar interests into sightseeing and evening walks. 
119624259	 I've stayed here twice a yr. each yr. that my daughter was at GWU. The last time I stayed there was for her graduation and I knew it would probably be the last. The beds are extremely comfortable. The location is fantastic to Georgetown shopping or to Foggy Bottom. The bathrooms are spacious as is the closet. I also enjoy the lobby - it's comfortable to people watch or wait for your friends and family to arrive. <br/>I will miss going to D.C. for many reasons, but this hotel is one of them. 
119568782	 I stayed here with my wife for our anniversary last year. Classic starwood property with all the service and amenities one would expect. Great staff, clean large rooms and a pretty good location. Highly recommended for business and pleasure travelers. 
119237669	 The hotel is well manicured, with impeccable rooms! The bathroom spacious with an amazing double shower head. The staff are on the point. We were greeted with smiles and a great help and assitance when needed. The location is perfect, walking distance to the metro and Georgetown and cabs are always standing ready to take you anywhere further. Overall great experience. Will be back soon! 
119120049	 Deenny is absolutely the best!! Also very much like Kate, one of the reservationists. 
118910826	 Due to a family medical emergency I had to fly to DC. I walked into the Westin and asked them if they had a room because they were close to the hospital. I told them I didn't know how long I would need to stay. They told me not to worry that they would have a room for me as long as I needed it. Everyone at the hotel was very caring and always checking in with me everyday to see if they could do anything for me. I would like to give a big thanks to Vikram and Kevin who went above and beyond taking care of me during the week. 
118332903	 I frequent DC and this hotel is on the quieter side of town and also safe. Sits next to Ritz, Park Hyatt &amp; Fairmount-- 2 blocks to Georgetown strip. They keep rooms very updated and nice. I have been going here for over 10 years. 
184508758	 We had a great stay at this hotel. We traveled as a family of 6 adults with one 2 year old child. They were able to accommodate us with 3 rooms next to each other . The rooms worked out perfectly. We usually stay at Marriott but all agreed that this was such a great experience that we would likely look to stay at westin over Marriott in the future. <br/><br/>The valet, doormen, front desk staff, and bellhop were so friendly and helpful. They really made things very easy. Valets and doormen were so polite and friendly.<br/><br/>It was my fathers birthday and when we checked in they had a birthday card and a bottle of champaign for him. We were all really impressed. <br/><br/>Great hotel , really clean rooms and common areas. Spacious rooms especially given location in major city. Short walk to Foggy bottom metro and walkable to lincoln memorial, museums etc. 
184455384	 As a hotel in the Georgetown/DuPont Circle area I expected the exorbitant cost. I was disappointed that they charged for everything: installing a refrigerator, removing the minibar and snacks, moving items around in the minibar and snacks (I have a child in tow), wi-fi (should've been included at the high room rate), and overkill on room service fees. I read that parking was $45+. The bed wasn't worth bragging about... The tub was a nice size. <br/><br/>The pool was closed - it was outdoors. (We really wanted to swim after a long day.)<br/><br/>Not convenient to public transportation. We did walk everywhere from our hotel. It was a good walk to the monuments. Georgetown shops were a few blocks away. Restaurants in area was decent, but far greater than the selection at hotels closer to the mall.<br/><br/>I would like to visit another hotel on the next visit. Just curious what other hotels in the area offer. 
184431288	 We stayed at the Westin Georgetown for a tourist weekend in DC. First of all, the hotel itself is very nice and located within walking distance of the Georgetown shops and restaurants, as well as the monuments (a little longer walk). The staff were very helpful within both the valet and room check-ins, and extremely friendly. They also immediately recognized us as elite members of Starwood Preferred Guest, which made us feel even more welcome. Our room was excellent - very spacious with an incredibly comfortable bed, great views including a small balcony, and a large bathroom with separate tub and shower, both impressive.<br/><br/>The best part of our stay though were the staff at the hotel. Our &quot;Stay Ambassador&quot; reached out to me prior to our arrival to see if there was anything special they could do for us. I mentioned our trip was a belated birthday present for my wife and thought nothing more about it, until we returned to our room on our 2nd night to find a bottle of champagne and a personal note wishing her a Happy Birthday. Now that is class. <br/><br/>I was so impressed with this Westin and highly recommend it to anyone traveling for either business or leisure. Our Stay Ambassador, Lana, really went out of her way to make our stay special. Outside of resorts, I rarely rate a hotel a 5, but this one definitely deserved it in my opinion. 
184368068	 My sisters and I stayed for two nights this November and had an amazing experience! The Staff was Friendly and Helpful, especially James and Suzy at the front desk! The self parking was easy and accessible from the lobby which is a major plus, and a great option if you dont have too many bags. Our room was clean and well stocked, the shower and bathtub were amazing! As always expect a good nights sleep on the heavenly bed. Over all the Westin helped create a much needed weekend get-away and we will be back to the Westin Georgetown again and again! We stay at a lot of Westins and this one is defiantly top-5! 
183755364	 Hotels downtown in general will be pricey due to the location. The Westin is a &quot;nice&quot; hotel with doormen and a pretty foyer but for me, it's to be expected. I wouldn't say there is anything remarkable about the room other than the comfortable bedding and tub. Here are a few tips for this considering this location and/or have reservations.<br/><br/>1. Mini-fridge: This is low to the floor and there's a sticker on the door in small standard font that reads if you move items in the fridge, you can be charged $100 for a re-stocking fee. Apparently the shelves are censored and guests are automatically charged. The note also reads guests can requests a fridge for their room free of charge. I did not stoop on my knees to read this and received a long drawn out lecture from hotel employee for moving items and placing a few of my own in the refrigerator. Thankfully they corrected our bill BUT I would hope the front desk would brief guests of this service/ charge and the availability of another refrigerator if so desired. Take heed! <br/><br/>2. Cleaning: Believe this is now standard but you can receive a $5 voucher or turn the voucher in for additional points if you opt out of maid service. Simply hang the sign on the door. The points are worth it to us.<br/><br/>3. Parking: Parking is connected to the hotel on the 2nd level. Valet is $45 and self is $38 for overnight each night. The garage is actually on M and 24th street. I drove down M street two times. Take a left on 24th!!! Blink and you may miss it. Also, if you are a deal seeker, I happened across https://www.parkingpanda.com. Parking Panda seems to be a new East Coast thing and I paid $48 TOTAL for parking for three overnights. I just checked my bank and the credit card is good. It's legit and was a great savings. <br/><br/>4. Location: We were in DC for a wedding and mostly cabbed our way around for about $10 (w/ tip) to most locations. The West is pretty central. Our last day was gorgeous and we walked to the Lincoln Memorial (7 blocks, take 23rd St straight) and caught the National Park, the Washington Monument, saw the Capitol from a distance and the Vietnam Memorial which are all in the same vicinity. On the way back we walked by a fantastic statue of Einstein. It's a good trek if you're in the mood and you can knock out a lot of the touristy things in one swoop.<br/><br/>5. Groceries/ Food: There is a Trader Joe's literally around the block if you wish to have healthy snacks around. We also found a Whole Foods store but it is a much farther walk, especially at night in the cold. If you need a quick breakfast and aren't into Starbucks (down the block), the cafe across the street on 24th is worth it. The food was affordable, varied and fresh. <br/><br/>Staying as an elite member it was worth the points, but if I were paying full price, I'd probably stay elsewhere. Having said that, you can't go wrong with a Westin and I had a pleasant stay in the city. 
183569903	 We recently completed a very nice 3-night stay -- the room was spacious, comfortable, and quiet. While the location may technically be Georgetown, it's 4-5 blocks from what most may have in mind when they hear &quot;Georgetown&quot; (especially if you're not familiar with the area), but that was not a concern. In fact, it may even be an advantage as it was quieter/less busy right around the hotel but still offered very easy access. Lana Kim's note to us before we arrived, to learn of any special needs or requests was nice -- but her ongoing interaction with us in response to our requests was much more than expected: she really seems to take seriously her role as an ambassador for the hotel. We found the same with the concierge one evening... I wish I could remember his name -- maybe Geoff, or Greg (I think it began with a 'G'! )?? It felt more like a conversation between friends as he tried to figure out what we might like (in terms of dinner reservations) than a business transaction. All in all, athough this was an award stay, I never felt as if we were being treated as &quot;non-revenue&quot; guests as has been the case at some other hotels. We would definitely stay at the Westin Georgetown again. 
208085825	 Being a SPG platinum member, I have stayed at many Starwood properties across the globe. In my experience, the hotel staff is critical to one's experience as well as the property itself. The staff at the Westin, in particular Lana Kim was extremely professional, friendly, and accommodating. Due to not being able to provide a complementary upgrade because of my platinum status, I was sent a complimentary bottle of champagne accompanied by chocolate truffles. It was a pleasant surprise and I definitely enjoyed the champagne. I look forward to staying at this property in my future visits to DC. 
208080012	 We stayed at the Westin, Georgetown Friday night of Memorial Day weekend. When we arrived the attendants receiving cars were aloof and uninterested. We were shown to our room, which was very small. Normally I would request another room but we were only there for a night, so I let it go. The bathroom shower was tiny, there were only two towels in the bathroom and there was basically room for a bed. The furniture was jammed into the room and there was hardly enough room to walk around. We were staying on the Starwood preferred guest floor ( I hate to see what the other floors were like). Then at 5:00 AM the smoke detector started beeping because the battery needed to be replaced. Unbelievable. The one good thing was the bed was very comfortable as is usually the case at a Westin. I slept well until the smoke detector problem. We won't be back 
208011501	 Great stay for the second time this last year! The bellman remembered me and was so helpful! Front desk does and excellent job and I loved my room! Great big tub, perfectly clean and prestine! I also had a beautiful view of the courtyard and pool! 
207845761	 We recently stayed at Westin Georgetown for our 3 year wedding anniversary<br/><br/>When booking the room I was contacted by Stay Ambassador, Lana Kim. Not only did she make my stay worth it she helped greatly with the preparation of surprises for my wife. First she suggested rose petals and champagne to be in the room when we checked in. <br/><br/>She also recommendation and made reservations for us at 1789 Restaurant. Let us just say I will have to do another review for the restaurant because they were incredible as well.<br/><br/>Thank you Lana and Westin Georgetown for an incredible trip. 
207806249	 We will only stay in this hotel when in the Georgetown area. Absolutely perfect! Rooms were spotless, service was perfect. The beds were like nothing we have ever slept in. 2 restaurants on lobby had amazing food. Caucus Room for breakfast and Bovida for dinner and drinks. 
207741465	 I stay at Westin Hotels frequently. Hailz (doorman) helped a taxi driver who didn't know how to get to my destination have good, clear directions. It turns out that later I realized I left my sweater in the taxi. When I saw Hailz the next day and told him, he remembered who the driver was, asked a colleague of the driver from the same company to call him, found the driver, had him return the sweater, and got the sweater to me. Now that is service! He did the whole thing quickly, calmly, and with a smile. Thank you Hailz. You turned a loss into a gain! 
136475568	 My husband and I stayed at the Westin for a few days on business. Check-in was easy and efficient. Our room was far from the elevators, but very large and comfortable - it didn't feel boxy and had character to it. It was absolutely quiet; when in our room, we never heard anyone in the hallway or above us. The bathroom was large and luxurious. We opted to forgo the maid service in exchange for Starpoints and did just fine for two days. The location is good to get up to Dupont, over to Georgetown, or to the metro - although not &quot;hopping&quot; right outside the hotel. All of the staff, particularly the front desk and bellhops, were excellent. Upon departure, we used a hotel car and were really happy with the service, for not much more than a taxi would have cost. On future trips to DC, this will be a top choice. 
135145268	 The Westin Georgetown is located at 23d and M Street in Washington, which places it within a reasonable walking distance of both Georgetown and the Foggy Bottom neighborhood. It is not in the heart of Georgetown, but is not too far away. It is in a neighborhood that is largely residential (large, upscale condo buildings) with commercial areas nearby. There is not a Metro station nearby, so be prepared to walk if you don't have a car and don't want to take taxis. This makes the hotel better for business people than for tourists quite honestly. The interior is dimly lit in a sophisticated way, giving it a calm, serene feel (although the lobby could get crowded and loud at times). The public spaces were immaculate, sophisticated, yet understated. The room was on the small side, and the mattress was not terribly comfortable (extremely lumpy). The workspace was adequate and I was able to find sufficient outlets. I did not have a car, but there was a cab stand outside the hotel. Even though the hotel is in DC, it is not surrounded by the wealth of restaurants, shopping, etc., that you would have in a hotel closer to Connecticut Avenue etc., and is a fairly long way from the monuments and museums on the Mall. Bottom line is that this is a beautiful hotel if you want to stay downtown but don't want to be in the midst of the bustle, and are able to walk a fair distance or are willing to use cabs. 
135137635	 We stayed in a double-double room for a family of 4. It is good size although i would not say spacious. It is neat, clean and new. It is located in a very nice neighborhood, with supermarket within 5 min walk. Subway station is 10 min walk. But we were there during the week when the heat wave hit with temp over 37C. So we just took taxi going around, esp most tourist spots are not far away. 
135078394	 This review is the applaud the work of Deenny who works as a doorman at the Westin Georgetown. He is personable, funny, and totally-service driven. His attentiveness to the hotel's customers is simply bravo and deserves a huge round of applause!!!! 
134984254	 got stranded in dc for an extra night due to a broken airplane, wanted a decent play to stay and booked a good deal through hotwire while stuck at the airport. extra comfortable bedding, nice room, and the whole place smells good. 
134828884	 The hotel was very accommodating and service great 
129590738	 Overall I enjoyed my stay at this Westin. The room was very quiet, spacious and comfortable, a nice oasis to return to after long days walking around Washington and taking in the sights. The bathroom was huge, also a nice plus. There were a couple of details I felt were overlooked though - hanger for bathrobe in the bathroom, but we never got the bathrobe; checkout said 3pm in the in-room guide, but was actually 12pm; told I was being charged for a newspaper each but I never received one - saw later they were just laid out by the elevator - so why was I charged? Small things, but as I was staying a 'preferred guests' room I expected more consistency from a hotel of the Westin's class.<br/>Location was very good - directly on the Circulator bus to Georgetown and other areas (only $1 per ride), 20 minute walk to the White House, and served by the Metro (direct line to Arlington Natl Cemetery, DCA airport, all major sights in the city) via the Foggy Bottom stop, which is a short but somewhat circuitous 10 minute walk away. If you have lots of baggage or are traveling during rush hour, I would skip the Metro and take a taxi to/from DCA - even in traffic, it was only a 20-25 min ride and less than $25 - otherwise, the Metro is very efficient and a great way to get around what is otherwise a walker's city.<br/>The immediate neighborhood isn't that interesting, but there is a 24-hour CVS nearby for snacks/drinks/etc and it's a very easy walk or bus ride to Georgetown and other areas, so that didn't bother me too much. <br/>Overall, the Westin is a very solid and comfortable place to stay, maybe lacking a 'wow factor' but relaxing, away from the hustle and bustle but still convenient. I would consider staying here again if I got a good rate. 
129507048	 This Westin is in a great location, walking distance to Georgetown, Foggy Bottom, and Dupont Circle. The rooms are clean and very comfortable, and every staff person I met was extraordinarily helpful. I was traveling for a meeting, and the food at the meeting was great (though the meeting rooms are a bit isolating down in the lower levels). Overall I had an excellent stay here and I will definitely visit again. 
129420067	 We stayed here two nights and were surprised at how big our room was. The king bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was amazing. There was a separate shower stall with a rainforest showerhead, plus a tub. It's convenient to M Street in Georgetown, with great shops and restaurants. We had breakfast the first morning in the hotel restaurant. The food was very good as was the service, but it was quite expensive. The bar was pleasant with normal city prices. A nice play to stay. 
129259072	 Came here with my wife and son took at DC area schools. The hotel is within walking distance to GW..maybe 10 minutes and a short cab ride to Georgetown. Easy to walk to M street in Georgetown where there great shops and restaurants. The hotel was clean and everyone was very nice, from front desk to the bellman. Solid choice. 
129098777	 The good:<br/>Service was good, the room was nicely renovated and felt well maintained, separate shower and tub, great location within walking distance to many eateries.<br/><br/>The bad:<br/>The rooms seemed a little small, due to the layout of the room you could hear everything outside the door when lying in bed. 
128870125	 We got an adjoining rooms, one of which was a corner suite and it was AMAZING! The rooms were so beautiful. Everything was high end and well appointed. The double rooms had gorgeous windows, even a bay-type, corner window, that overlooked interior gardens. The beds were lovely and had quality bedding. The bathroom was very modern and chic. We especially appreciated the professional desk, with data port and extra outlets. They had separate recycle trash cans in each room, which was a nice touch. The lobby was lovely. Hotel is a nice walk into Georgetown. It was a slightly longer walk to reach the trains, but do-able. The pool looked very nice, but it was too cool to go in. The front desk staff was very helpful and we would stay again in a heartbeat! 
155333974	 We switched to this hotel after one night at another hotel because it was out od date and unsure of cleanliness. What a relief to get to the Westin. Super nice on the phone with reserving, the check in desk. etc.--all of the employees were nice. The room was spacious and clean. The bathroom was fabulous. The kids and I were happy on our trip. Felt safe b/c the room card worked the hotel allowing no one else to get on our floor. Thanks for a great stay. 
155205753	 I was here for a meeting and had a great stay. The staff were attentive and friendly. The bed and linens were very comfortable. It is in Georgetown close to great restaurants, shopping, and near good jogging trail along the Potomac. Attention to details such as half and half cups in room for coffee instead of creamer, good in-room coffee, bottled water in room. Fitness center is pretty good. Several cardio machines, several weight machines, and free weights. Two good restaurants on-site. 
154964501	 Excellent location. You have several great dinning options within walking distance. A $10 cab ride will take you to all of the major tourist locations.<br/><br/>Staff was great. Room was extremely clean. Bar and restaurants are good. If you don't want to pay the daily rate, look at one of the may parking garages near by.<br/><br/>Overall, this is a great option to stay in DC. 
154523170	 The Westin was a very nice hotel by DC standards. Lots of dining options nearby (very short walk to Georgetown, which has tons of shopping and eating). The price was not bad either (government rate though, so that probably helped the price). The bed was very comfortable and the room was spacious (both being hard to find in DC). Also, the service was exceptional - they even arranged to put a small refrigerator in my room so I could stick it with healthy breakfast items. The only things that could use improvement is that the lighting in the bathroom was somewhat dim and there was a slight (as in very slight) musty smell to the room. Overall, I really enjoyed my stay there due to the comfy bed (slept like a baby) and the friendly and accommodating staff. 
154502396	 The valet were especially nice. Amajou and Dennis were awesome, made my trip just a little better. The location of the hotel was great, and was very close to the shops in Georgetown. My room was very clean, and the beds were comfortable. 
154274718	 I recently just got done with a week long stay at the Westin Georgetown. From moment I pulled up to the property the excellent service started! Amadeus, Hali, and all the other bellman/doormen/valet were extremely courteous and welcoming. Then you walk up to the desk and no matter which front desk employee is there either it is James, Aldo, Melvin, Suzie, Or Angie they are all equally friendly and very helpful! They offered great information on where to go in DC/Georgetown. Also Sloane their stay ambassador goes above and beyond to make sure the stay is as comfortable as possible! Vik has got a great team of front office employees working for him. Yanell the housekeeping manager also did a great job making sure that my room was taken care of by her excellent housekeepers. I look forward to my next extended stay here...hopefully this summer! 
60733240	 I was driven through the night with children from Ga. I asked to the hotel check in earlier than normal check in time. When we got there, Bell staffs (Mr. Ahmed, Takesheta) very welcomed us with big smiles, and the room was ready to check in. We'd like to thank to Ms. Yarnell &amp; Mr. Vikram for the greatest service.<br/>Also, all bell staffs did good friend to my children all the time while we were waiting for the car from valet. We were very appreciating it. Jeff at Concierge gave us a lot of information for sightseeing &amp; good tips how &amp; what we need to do. Thanks much Westin Grand. We will mention to all my friends &amp; families about how Westin Grand did for us.<br/>Again, Thank you so much. We will come back to your hotel in the future. 
60400370	 The location of the hotel was perfect for what we were looking for, something near to Georgetown. The hotel is beautiful, the rooms are very spacious, comfortable and quiet. The service was great. The valet parking guys were really helpful and attentive. Definetly would come back. 
60003762	 Overall its a good hotel. The staff was nice and helpfull. We had a very big room with a bay window overlooking the front of the hotel. The room was very clean and comfortable. We had a conecting room, so on a few times we can hear people in the next room, the doors did not provide much of the sound proof. wile we did like the hotel, the location was not good for my taste. Its very close to Georgetown, about 10 min walk. It was a little too far to the National mall with all the atractions. We did use busses and taxis, which worked fine, but did add time to our travel to and from the Mall. There are a lot of over hotels which are much closer to the DC atractions, within walking distance. 
59912486	 We had such a great time at the Westin! The rooms were perfectly appointed with a spacious and modern bathroom that included a separate bath tub. As with all other Westin hotels, the bed was incredibly comfortable and the room amenities were great. From the hotel, you can walk to the near foggy-bottom metro station or just walk to most tourist destinations. GW and Georgetown university are within walking distance as well. If you would like to save on breakfast or a quick bite, there's a very good sandwich shop across the street.<br/><br/>In all, I would highly recommend this hotel. The staff was super welcoming, Jeffry from the concierge desk was very knowledgeable, and location could not have been better.<br/><br/>ps: if you drive to the hotel, use valet parking as they provide in-and-out privileges. It's only $7 more but it's well worth it. 
59419540	 wow from the time we called and the time we stayed it was excellent. I called from l a to make sure we had a big room the manager Yarnell johnson was the most welcoming knowledgeable person ever. She made as feel at ease. When we arrived even better she made sure we had a nice room and they even gave us a temprorary room until our room was ready it was all done with a smile. One week flew by and all her staff even the director was excellent and very professional they were trying to help us in every way they can. Thank u westing for hireing people like them My family solluts them 
58070726	 This was a fabulous hotel. Plush, comfortable rooms. Excellent staff. I had a series of meetings and being able to come back to the Westin to unwind and relax made it all doable. 
219038522	 it is beyond just being friendly.I rarely had that kind of friendly reception upon arrival in a business hotel, but also during my stay the service team at the concierge desk and the gentlemen in front of the hotel were outstanding. After two days they knew my routine and called the taxi when I came out of the door or offered me a bottle of cold water when coming back from my morning run. Never had that before - When asking for directions where I could go for a run they handed me a mini map with two running trails in the neighbourhood and upon my return offered a cold bottle of water from their ice box behind the concierge desk with a towel.<br/>Room was good and perfect to do some work stuff. Remarkable was the high quality internet connectivity (8Mbit for upload and download each) which allowed up to 5 simultaneous devices so you don't get thrown out when trying to connect your tablet when being online with your notebook. 
218930250	 For the past 8 years, we have stayed at this hotel to visit our children in college. Over the years, the service staff became like family to us. They were always so welcoming and caring. We will mis them. I can't remember all of the names but Deenny was one of them. 
218440839	 The location is nice but our room was nothing special. The sink faucet handle leaked. The shower faucet was loose and leaked. Some fixtures were broken off the walls. I've stayed at numerous hotels for $99 that were nicer just not in Georgetown. 
217958965	 Well located near Georgetown shopping and GWU campus, situated among other high end hotels. As SPG preferred, room on higher floor was clean and spacious, wifi was free, and bed is indeed heavenly. Valet parking price is not noted on website but cost $45, so we street parked on Saturday night which was easy enough to do. Very easy and quick to get a taxi over to the mall, museums, White House, etc. Nothing fancy here, but we came to DC for the sights, not to spend time in our hotel room, and the price is very reasonable for DC. PS - extra outlets are tucked into the desk unit, not obvious less you search for it. 
217765474	 I spent a few harrowing days at the renaissance hotel and was glad for a change, hopefully a positive one<br/><br/>Checked-in and was relieaved the front desk was more caring and gave me a decent room. The hotel only has 8 floors and i had a nice corner room. It was large, but the long corridor that made it large doesn't do much. It's still old and unimaginative like 95% of most US hotels, but it's ok. There's a large deep almost walk-in closet, plus a very large bathroom. Thankfully they have a shower instead of just the safety hazard bathtub.Wifi is good<br/><br/>The location is not great, in that you can't really really find a good breakfast place within a 1-2 block radius. But it's next to the Park Hyatt's Blue Duck restaurant, and you can try their meals and service there. The food is good, the service is incredible<br/><br/>It's a 15min walk to the metro (Foggy bottom) and ok if the weather permits<br/><br/>Overall, much cheaper and much better than the awful renaissance 
217476186	 If you want high quality service, amazing rooms and great location visit The Westin. I have been traveling with my boyfriend around US and it was our first time staying at this hotel WE LOVED IT! 4 thumbs up! 
160621047	 i was positively surprised at how nice this hotel was and how much better it looked than on its website. the rooms were very modern and nice, and the location was great. by far the best part was the bell staff supervisor, amadou. my son actually cried when we left the hotel bc he &quot;missed his new friend.&quot; amadou was great at entertaining them with wild stories about his home country and was just a very warm person who my kids instantly gravitated towards. the hotel is a great option in georgetown. 
160614537	 Had a whole week in this hotel. The location on M Street is great, Facilities are great. Service was superb. We had 3 rooms of varying sizes though so make sure to check the room. Mine, The smallest room wasn't so bad. Cabinet sizes supplied is acceptable too. 
160463268	 The Westin Georgetown was a splendid hotel and location for a recent work-related conference I attended. I brought along my wife and 2 children. The hotel staff was attentive and accommodating. I would agree with other reviews that the hotel is actually not in Georgetown but was within walking distance to some great Georgetown shopping and eating. The metro is also within walking distance which allowed us to access many different DC sites. The meeting rooms were beautiful. 
160450824	 We enjoyed our stay at the Georgetown Westin and would recommend it to others. Our room was clean, modern, spacious, quiet and comfortable. The locations was great, making for easy trips to the Mall tourist attractions, Georgetown or Dupont Circle. The subway was about 2 blocks away. The double decker tourist bus stop was about a block away. Cabs were always readily available at the hotel. The hotel has plenty of restaurants around, mostly hotel restaurants, but independent ones up toward Washington Square. We especially enjoyed Juniper, Blue Duck Tavern and District Commons. The hotel has two restaurants - Boveda (Spanish Tapas) and the Caucus Room (American). The margaritas in Boveda were awesome and they have happy hour with drink and App specials every afternoon - a great way to unwind after walking the city all day. Special recognition to Jeffrey, the concierge, who was always pleasant and had great tourist and dining recommendations. He was kind enough to facilitate difficult dinner reservations for us and it worked out perfectly! Only two disappointments - the pool does not open until after Memorial Day. When we were there it was about 80 degrees and we would have loved to gone for a swim after walking the hot city. I would encourage management to consider opening sooner. Secondly, the hotel charges for internet access and it isn't cheap. In this day and age, internet access should be part of the basic room services. You wouldn't charge me extra to watch TV or use the bathroom. People need access to the internet for business and communication and sometimes using a smart phone for access just doesn't cut it. Otherwise, an enjoyable stay! 
160007235	 I stayed here for a conference. the rooms were wonderful, the staff very attentive, the banquet food was far above expectations and conference rooms were comfortable.<br/>Personally I would not consider this in Georgetown but you could walk to Georgetown. There were always cabs available, which is a huge plus for DC hotels. i am not sure if this is regular or because the conference organizers made some special requests - I know that was the case one day when all attendees were heading to Capitol Hill. 
159970252	 We stayed here for a conference. The location was excellent not too far from the national mall and close to great shops. The hotel was great the staff was excellent. The room was great nice and clean and quiet. 
252017713	 My sister studies at Georgetown and me and my parents always come in October from Brazil to visit her. It also became a tradition to stay at The Westin at Georgetown for its good services. It is located at M street which is t h e place in Georgetown and its surroundings, and it is near Starbucks and many other places like Le pain Quotidian. Moreover, the rooms are big and comfortable and the staff is always helpful. It is a biggg hotel,although I can always feel welcome there. I definitely recommend it! ps: internet just at the lobby 
251136601	 My husband and I just returned from a very memorable stay at the Westin in D.C. The hospitality began long before our arrival when we received a note regarding our check-in from Gabrielle Ressa. We were impressed to have received such an informative and sincere note regarding our upcoming stay. Upon our arrival, until our departure, the service we received was exceptional. From Tina who helped us with our initial check-in, to Dag who is a MAC whiz and so graciously helped me with my computer to the very kind bellman, Amadou, who I sought for help with newspapers, parking, etc. just to hear him say, &quot;madame&quot; in his friendly and cheerful voice! All were so very kind and knowledgeable. Our room (very clean and comfortable) had a great view and the hotel is located in a perfect spot in the city. Walking distance, and a short drive if need be, to many city destinations! We are so happy to have chosen this property as this was our first stay at the Westin D.C. And we will surely be returning on our next trip to the city! 
251058999	 this hotel always feels a little empty. only one person on a registration desk, the doorman always slightly out of reach. <br/><br/>the facility is well appointed and elegantly styled. <br/><br/>the fixtures, furniture and linen all of very high quality <br/><br/>though not getting an answer when one dials '0', being charged a 'delivery charge' when ordering room service pot of coffee, etc all lead me to be live it either is struggling or has reduced staff numbers. Could be a January thing. was a noticeable drop in service. 
250078172	 Parking is complicated and expensive and driving in DC is always horrendous, but staff at check-in and check-out were impressively polite, friendly, and professional. Our room was lovely and clean, although the inside of the hotel is a little disorienting, and the bathroom was AMAZING (floor was quite frigid, but bath mats had been provided). We were there for a party hosted in the Westin facilities on-site -- the food was SUPERB, the band was top-notch, and the staff (bartenders, busboys, etc) at the party was ABSOLUTELY FIRST-RATE. I was very impressed with the employees of the hotel, on the whole. Great location for most DC activities. 
250068232	 We are from DC and we took a weekend away for our anniversary and from our home to do the many things that we like to do in DC, but not take the chance of getting drawn into our routines <br/>around the house.<br/>The Westin is fabulously located with easy accessibility to the whole of DC. <br/>Our room was excellent, large and clean. Extra towels, as requested, were left with our room cleanup. <br/>Since we decided to stay here for our anniversary, we were also nicely surprised by the front desk staff with some unexpected treats. The staff always greeted us warmly, the breakfast was good and we were able to find on street parking with our many comings and goings. All together a wonderful mini vacation. 
249008061	 Being a man who travels with a small dog, I was overwhelmed by the wonderful welcome we received at this hotel. I notified the hotel via email that I was traveling with my dog and that I wanted a small refrigerator put into the room. When I checked in, the room had the fridge and a comfy dog bed, a roll of baggies in a holder shaped like a bone and a doggie gift package wrapped with a ribbon that had scrumptious treats.<br/><br/>Reception was quick, courteous and thorough in explaining the services of the hotel. The internet was fast and reliable. The location is superb - go left to stroll through Georgetown and go right to walk to Dupont Circle. The walk to 17th and P took about 15 to 20 minutes at a very leisurely pace. The room of course had the heavenly bed. The bath was massive with a tub and a stand alone shower. And I could not hear any street noise at all.<br/><br/>Parking is NOT included in the rate. Overnight parking cost me $38. For $45, one can have valet parking service. 
91349109	 We checked in and everything was perfect from the start.<br/>Yarnell at the front desk was corteous, kind and extremely helpful. Everything and everyone starting with check in and ending at checkout was the ultimate in professionalism.<br/>We walked to Georgetown (even though it was cold, it was very pleasant) and also walked to the metro for other activities.<br/>The hotel was super comfortable, even my daughter's rollaway was incredibly comfortable...Loved all of the White Tea scented toiletries!<br/>Will definitely stay again!<br/>Thank you all for a great stay. 
91343415	 My friends and I came to this hotel to treat ourselves to a special new years event. I am happy to say that our experience at the Westin was better than we had ever imagined. We truly felt like we were being pampered and the staff was so accommodating, all at such a great price! And the hotel's location is absolutely perfect! We were within walking distance of great stores, restaurants, and a metro stop that provided quick and easy access to all of the great monuments. Thank you Westin! 
91340290	 Exquisite. Such a great room and such a great service. We asked for blankets twice, and they brought them up stat! 
91129377	 Nice hotel - worthy of 4 stars. Parking convenient, but $28/day seems steep - even for DC. Had to pay $10/day for internet, too. Workout room a little cramped. Bed was super comfy and bathroom was large with shower and whirlpool bath. Got a great nights sleep there. 
90472909	 While the hotel is fine, it is not, according to the locals, in Georgetown. Given the walk to get to Georgetown, I'd have to agree. This hotel is situated in the West End, which is between downtown to the east, foggy bottom (George Washington University) to the south, Dupont Circle to the north and Georgetown to the west. It is the west end of the business district, but not, as the owners would have you believe, in Georgetown...which begins once you cross the bridge that separates the west end from Georgetown. Demand truth in advertising. There are three other hotels who are proud of their place in DC - the Park Hyatt, the Ritz and the Fairmount - all who claim to be in the West End. 
90425529	 My stay at the Westin was very nice. When I checked in and got to my second floor room overlooking the street, I became concerned about noise. However, I never had any issues with noise during my 3 night stay.<br/>The valet was quick and efficient. The business center charges for computer use, which should be a courtesy service, but the rates weren't too horrible. Still, if you want to check the weather before you head out walking...<br/>The room was very comfortable. Bed was great. The tv had a handy device next to it to plug in your computer or a playstation or whatever all those ports were for! The bathroom was very nice and I liked the glass walled shower with dual shower heads.<br/>While the hotel is not on the mall, I had no trouble walking from the Holocaust museum back to the hotel. Plenty of interesting sites all along the way. There's a CVS a couple doors down the block and plenty of shopping and food nearby. 
154244092	 We chose the Westin because it is very near our daughter's apartment in this quiet residential/business neighborhood, just a stone's throw from busy Georgetown. We also picked it because we got a good AAA rate which included parking (normally costs $45 per night). Our room was spacious (compared to New York City) with flat screen tv, well stocked mini bar and comfortable bedding. The bathroom was huge with a walk in shower, plus a bathtub. Our main complaint was that there was no nightlight in the bathroom and that the two upholstered chairs were very dirty, especially the arm rests. The check in service was very efficient; the staff was cordial and helpful. The doorman and bell staff were particularly helpful; they were there to serve the guests. There is a fitness center and pool which we did not visit and a bar and restaurant. Georgetown is just a quick walk away; the main DC attractions about a 15-20 minute walk. 
154199265	 Westin Georgetown is good hotel, rooms are really nice.<br/>Staff is really pleasant, especially two associates who I met there, were really nice and helpful in giving us every information: Amadou and Denny. 
153490887	 I traveled from Hawaii for business and to attend the National Prayer breakfast. I am a loyal Starwood client and have stayed at their properties around the world, thus I love taking the time to highlight exceptional properties. The staff was extraordinary! I was received with a hand-written &quot;welcome&quot; card from the Stay Ambassador, Sloane and received much appreciated insight and assistance from Solomon from the Valet Team, always had a cab waiting for my departures and hectic schedule. James the day manager and Aldo the night agent met every request and dealt with every concern in an expeditious, professional manner. This is a very functional, well-maintained property located in the heart of Georgetown. Excellent choice! 
153402447	 Stayed at the Westin Georgetown for two nights this week. Immediately upon entering the hotel, its clean, fresh environment was immediately noticed. Check-in was a breeze with a very polite and knowledgable staff. The room was quite large for being in DC and very modern. The bathroom was huge with a separate bathtub and rainfall shower. The separate toilet closet was nice as well. As usually the Westin bed was extremely comfortable with fresh quality linens and a very comfortable mattress. There was adequate workspace at the desk. My only complaints were minor and involved the room itself. The hotel charges between $9.95-$12.95 for wi-fi or Ethernet per day. I find it ridiculous that hotels still charge for wi-fi. I paid the $12.95 per day for the &quot;faster&quot; wi-fi and it was incredibly slow my entire stay. So slow that I think dial up would have been quicker. It took over a minute for some pages to load. Not worth even 99 cents. The ethernet connection was much faster and on par with what high speed internet should be. One other minor complaint is there are no plugs near the nightstands or bed. I like to keep my phone near the bed at night charging, and that was not possible. Other than those two minor issues, this Westin was extremely clean and well maintained and offered a high quality hotel experience. Plus the location was superb - blocks from the metro and lots to walk to. 
153374932	 Westin Georgetowm is a great hotel in DC that is in the Georgetown area. First question I would ask most potential guests is why are you going to Georgetown. It is a great hotel but due to the residents of Georgetown 40+ years ago decision to not allow Metro to go through the town, it is now isolated from the rest of DC.<br/>Great if you want luxury, an upscale feeling and do not care about price. Leave it as your third choice and look at all the other hotels chains are. 
153373573	 In DC for a friend's birthday. The staff was great and the room tremendous. It appears that they recently remodeled the bathrooms and did a great job doing so. I spend a lot of time in hotels for work dealing with their construction and I can say that the room and bathroom were top notch. In addition, the location is centralized to hit any of the local hot spots. 
248821073	 All of the expected basics were there but I'll highlight the areas for improvement. First, the overnight parking is crazy expensive, $38 dollars. The hotel explained it could get added to our hotel bill but the parking attendants were in another universe and it was difficult to communicate and get an explanation from them. We had to pay for the parking every time we took the car out. Second, the housekeeping/room service was subpar. The housekeeping did not clean the glass of the side tables or any of the surfaces of the dresser/desk or night tables; they just left the very visible dirt. The housekeeping staff also left our used room service plates and silverware in the room; instead of calling room service to pick them up or taking them out of our room themselves. Third, when we called for extra towels, we had to call four times before we actually got them; for a total of a two-hour wait time. Otherwise, all standard and good at this nice-looking and conveniently located DC hotel. 
248686766	 The advice I had been given when looking for a place in DC was &quot;take anything with a 2-handle.&quot; The Westin seemed like a pretty nice place that had received good reviews, so I thought I'd give it a shot. <br/>I stayed here recently with two children (11 and 8), and selected a room with two queen beds. The room itself wasn't huge, but it was plenty for us on a brief stay. The light was good (angled in from two windows…we stayed in a room at THE END of the hallway, so that might not be the case for other rooms…and I liked the fact that the hangers were &quot;real&quot; (I didn't steal any).<br/><br/>Bathroom was sizable, though I still scratch my head at the inclusion of a bathtub -- had you taken that out, the bathroom would have felt cavernous. Showerhead was one of those &quot;rainfall&quot; things that had good power, and plenty of hot water. I even liked the smell of the soaps they included. <br/><br/>Beds were top notch -- comfortable while not being soft. <br/><br/>I think I paid $1 extra for the in room wifi, which was great. I think it allowed up to 5 devices, which helped with the two children along. <br/><br/>In all, a fine room. What made it special was the folks working there. A late checkout was not a problem at all, and the check in was very quick and pleasant. The little kiosk rescued me with some Haagen Daaz ice cream bars. All around, very convenient. <br/><br/>We selected the &quot;green&quot; option for the room -- that is, it didn't get cleaned. The friendly folks at the Westin explained this very clearly. I think the benefit is a few extra reward points. I guess that's fine. We were only there two nights, though. Any longer, and I think we would have gone less green. Still, it was nice knowing that you didn't have to worry about stuff getting moved around. <br/><br/>Location was about a 5 minute, pleasant walk from Foggy Bottom metro station. <br/><br/>One other thing -- we were there during a snowstorm, and they supplied umbrellas. A really nice touch. I also liked the option to rent (for $5) workout clothes and shoes. I didn't take them up on this offer, but knowing they have it should really help for future trips. 
248457163	 My family stayed here in Jan we had three rooms all on the fifth floor facing the street but we really did not hear any noise from traffic. All the rooms were exactly the same down to the pictures on the wall. They were very nice and large with huge bathrooms and very clean. We stayed at The Fairmont before which was just across the street and this was just as nice at a very reasonable price. We will definitely stay here next time also. The staff was very helpful regarding restaurants places to shop. The restaurant was very nice although we only had breakfast on our last day. 
248321106	 My husband, 3 year old daughter and sick 9 month old son were caught without heat or power due to an outage in our neighborhood on one of the coldest nights of the year. It was an incredibly stressful day trying to work and figure out a place to stay. After a terrible experience trying to secure rooms at the W -- honestly, the staff was just rude -- we called the Westin and the front desk manager Dag was so incredibly helpful. He made sure we got adjoining rooms at the best rate and even offered us a discount because of our situation. When we arrived with a screaming baby, the staff was amazing. They were so friendly and great with the kids. Dag was there to welcome us and made sure we got the perfect rooms for our needs and gave us free internet. The rooms were very nice and super clean. Soon, the kids had bubble baths, we had great burgers and dessert from room service and everyone was relaxed and happy. In fact, we were thanking the power outage for allowing us the opportunity for a staycation at such a lovely, luxurious hotel. The next morning we left early and the staff once again were so helpful in getting us out and on our way. It wasn't a leisure stay, but our short visit revealed that the Westin Georgetown has an amazing staff of very kind people who are top-notch at customer service. The rooms are well appointed and everyone works hard to make sure all guest needs were met. Highly recommend. 
248124717	 My wife and I stayed at the Westin for one night as a mini-babymoon. The staff was great, including providing sparkling cider to our room free of charge. The hotel was clean and the room was nice and big. Would definitely stay here again! 
248025532	 Great hotel for business stay &amp; meetings. Rooms were large and bathrooms look like they were recently renovated. Rooms facing street were quiet and I heard little street noise (even though I was on the 3rd floor), Staff was very helpful. Great to have a Starbucks within walking distance. For the business meeting, we had lots of folks with food limitations. Hotel was great to work with and there were lots of food choices for all. Door to door, it was a 10 minute ride to the airport around 3:30 during the week 
152821029	 The aesthetic and personal attention to detail make this hotel a true gem. <br/>We love the location and return every year for our annual family reunion.<br/>The staff is number one and you feel a sense of calm greeted with smiles!<br/>We can walk almost everywhere from this location even in the colder weather. 
152724914	 I stayed at this hotel for a random weekend in DC with my wife. It happened to be the weekend before my wife's birthday; the manager, sloane, surprised us with cupcakes. The rooms were spacious, the showers and hygiene products were great and the beds were very comfortable.<br/><br/>We ate at the Caucus Room for brunch, which was another great experience. Good food and timely service, as the waiter knew were trying to catch a train.<br/><br/>This hotel is also a great value for your money. We were going to stay at another hotel down the block, but it was twice as much 
152717564	 The wife and I had a wonderful Valentines weekend stay at the Westin Georgetown. The room was spacious and clean. Hotel is centrally located to many great restaurants and shopping. Sloane Aureli, the hotel's stay ambassador, went above and beyond by contacting us before our stay and then providing us with a hand written welcome card and cookies in the room. I've stayed in much pricier hotels in the DC area that lacked that kind of personal touch. 
152671676	 I recently held a two day meeting for my company at The Westin Georgetown in Washington, D.C. I was very pleased with the friendly and upbeat attention from the staff. In particular, Enrique Valdes. Mr. Valdes headed the security department and helped me out in a time of need. I had a few items that arrived late the night before my meeting. I needed to access the room in order to get these crucial items in the room to complete the setup. Mr. Valdes helped me out in a very friendly and cheerful manner. Then silly me, accidentally locked myself out of my room later that evening and went to the lobby to seek assistance. Guess who was there? You guessed it, Mr. Valdes! He once again came to my rescue by helping me get back into my room. Once again, in a very friendly manner. It is details like this that make a hotel experience very satisfying and enjoyable. I wanted to point out what an asset Enrique Valdes is to The Westin Hotel establishment. Thank you again Mr. Valdes. Your help was very much appreciated :) 
152464351	 Stayed one night-college visits. Beautiful city hotel. Valet parking was ideal. Clean, green (heat only comes on when your room key is inserted on the thermostat), very comfy beds! Front desk very knowledgeable about the area. They called a cab for us to take us to American U. Later we walked back from GWU. Great location with plenty of restaurants in walking distance. Bar was nice, not typical food selections for late night. Wish they would have had a better &quot;pub&quot; selection for snacks. Would stay again. 
151968933	 First off….WOW! What an incredible night I had at The Westin Georgetown. I can’t thank The Westin Georgetown enough for their wonderful hospitality they gave me for my early birthday celebration! A week prior to my arrival, I received an email from my own personal liaison at the hotel (first time that has ever happened to me!?!) letting me know that she was devoted solely to addressing my needs and was available before, during, and after my stay to assist with any requests. That commitment to service showed throughout the stay.<br/><br/>Upon arrival, my boyfriend and I were amazed of how beautiful the hotel looked. The front desk was very friendly and check-in was a breeze. Best part, check-out was even easier! The lobby was luxurious and not overly busy or noisy.<br/> <br/>When we went upstairs, we were shocked by the room! My early birthday celebration was greeted with a handwritten note, chocolate chip cookies that had “Happy Birthday” written across them, and two very nice bottles of waters on the glass coffee table. I had tears in my eyes when I came in the door!<br/> <br/>We stayed in the Studio Suite, which was more than nice for one night! The Studio Suite is perfect for a couple or a business traveler seeking extra space. It has an open layout and you can enjoy a peaceful view of the courtyard through the floor-to-ceiling window, which still features a dark curtain when sleeping, while relaxing in the suite’s sitting area with large armchairs, a loveseat, and a glass coffee table that make a comfy setting for watching the flat screen TV (boyfriend enjoyed). The room is very tastefully decorated and features beautiful landscape photographs of Georgetown!<br/><br/>We had unbelievably restful night in the Westin’s Heavenly Bed featuring clean sheets, down blankets, and fluffy pillows which I L-O-V-E-D! The room and floor were very, very quiet. <br/><br/>The spa-like bathroom includes a glass-enclosed rain shower with multiple heads, a HUGE separate soaking tub (I truly wish I tried the tub but we only stayed one night and didn’t have time), wonderful smelling shampoo and conditioner (I kept smelling my boyfriend’s hair after he used the shampoo), and a large bathrobe that provide the finishing touches to a refreshing bathing ritual (embarrassing to say that I have a bathing ritual) that melts tight muscles.<br/><br/>Overall, I had an incredible time! I highly recommend the Westin Georgetown and would stay there again in a heartbeat. Thank you to The Westin Georgetown for your unbelievable hospitality! You really made me feel special celebrating my early birthday celebration. 
196133925	 I always stay here when I am in town for business. This Westin is MUCH better than the other Westin in DC. It is newer and much cleaner and less tired looking. The morning breakfast is great, I recommend the french press coffee. About a 15 min walk into Georgetown which is great when it's warmer out. Friendly staff and very helpful. Reliable. 
195394911	 I checked in to this hotel late (~11:30pm) after being sent here from another hotel that had overbooked (The Melrose, review to follow after I actually get to stay there). Apparently these two hotels did not have their agreement sorted out and I was left waiting in the lobby for 10 minutes along with a similarly inconvenienced guest while they negotiated a rate (likely the Melrose's fault not the Westin's, but it is part of what drives my poor review). All of this after an 8 hour journey. I was told after check-in that there were sandwiches available, but when I got to my room (after dialing 3 times), I was informed that &quot;security&quot; would call me back about getting something to eat, which is strange. No one called after 5 minutes, so I told them not to bother.<br/>The room is pleasant looking and the beds comfortable, but it smells musty (hence the poor &quot;clenliness&quot; score). I wonder if this has to do with their eco-friendly card system, which shuts down the HVAC when you are not in the room. I'm all for energy conservation but not at the expense of clean air to breath. DC is a very humid environment for much of the year and I suspect the HVAC was designed with continuous AC in mind.<br/>Long story short, I will try to avoid this hotel in the future. 
194854155	 This place was great. Service was fantastic ceiling to floor. My kids had a blast. Rooms were clean, beds comfortable staff friendly. The hotel is a short walk up from (10 mins) M street into the heart of Georgetown - which is full of shops, pubs, restaurants etc. So fun! We will definitely use this hotel again for another family getaway weekend. 
194795036	 My husband and I stay here each year for our anniversary. With each year, the stay gets better and better. Rooms are exceptionally clean, beds are fantastic and the customer service is incomparable. EVERYONE on staff always has a smile, or a &quot;Hello, how are you today?&quot; Would definatley recomend this Westin to anyone coming to town or just for a weekend getaway in the city!! Thank you Westin Georgetown!! 
194743594	 The doorman Denny is the most helpful person at a hotel that I have ever stayed at. I love the staff and how they assist with anything you need... truly a pleasure to stay here. Book in advance as this place fills up fast. 
194732349	 This rather dowdy Westin ticks all of the usual boxes – pleasant staff, decent rooms, good bed and bath amenities. But the location is hardly &quot;Georgetown&quot;; I suppose Marketing vetoed a more-honest &quot;Westin Foggy Bottom.&quot; It's inconvenient to the Metro and to anything remotely interesting to eat. For me, however, the biggest disappointment was the gym. The sparse collection of equipment would almost be tolerable if it weren't in such an unpleasant space: a mostly windowless, badly-ventilated, low-ceilinged, claustrophobia-inducing afterthought. The adjoining outdoor pool (barely long enough for lap swimming if you like flipping a *lot*) might provide a little bit of relief, but certainly not at this time of year.<br/><br/>Since the main redeeming quality of this hotel is that it is only four blocks away from my company's DC office, I won't have much occasion to return. I certainly wouldn't do so with my own money. 
164838490	 The Westin Georgetown is a decent hotel. I've stayed there numerous times and don't have any major gripes. That said, I'm always disappointed when I stay there because it is clearly inferior to the Park Hyatt across the street. The common areas and rooms are shabbier. The beds aren't as nice. The showers are cramped. Housekeeping doesn't do as good a job. The restaurants are pitiful compared to the Blue Duck Tavern. The Westin Georgetown does have good bartending, however. 
164734822	 Location is great and rooms are nice, silent and spacious. The bathroom is absolutely great. However, the cleaning of the room was not as I expected. It was not that it was dirty but I could find my hair on the floor after the room had been cleaned. I also found several times food on the corridor's floor. For the price I expected a bit more. 
164325331	 We took our family to DC for vacation. Our room was ready on time and clean. The staff was super friendly and helpful throughout our week-long stay. Our room was large and comfortable as well. It's a great place to stay a bit away from the craziness of the Mall area. 
163032293	 Excellent hotel, centrally located with good food options. I stayed on the 6th floor (looks like it may be reserved for members of the SPG loyalty program) which has big rooms, big bathrooms, good working desk, lots of light. Fast Internet included at no extra charge. Coffee maker with 3 Starbucks coffee pouches in the room (and a few Tazo tea bags).<br/>Lots of breakfast choices available in the basement restaurant (from healthy to indulgent) and good coffee! (very important...). <br/>The Mexican restaurant is fun; good margarita's and lots of small bite choices on the menu. Worth a try.<br/>Service is impeccable, and worth mentioning is the option to &quot;rent&quot; exercise clothes for $5 per day in case you forgot to bring them (or just chose to travel light). Nice touch! (do they have running shoes size 14? I didn't ask).<br/>The area where the hotel is located is absolutely filled with hotels, bars and restaurants, so no lack of choice. But the Westin is definitely a &quot;recommend&quot;. 
162748690	 James Garlinghouse was an excellent provider of service. he took care of my every need at check in. Then the next day he was back on duty and took care of my checkout and all my other needs and questions. What an exemplary job he did. Bravo! 
162663696	 Lovely hotel with amazing staff, very friendly and attentive. Two terrific restaurants in the lower level: The Caucus Room (French Bistro style with the BEST mixologist, Ryan, and marvelous Steakfrites with really delicious duck-fat-fried potatoes; and Boveda (Latin style cuisine). Had wonderful pork belly tacos that were off-the-hook yummy. A very pleasant stay with a well-appointed room -- except that the pillows with the king-sized bed were far too small. Shocked at the $2+ price for using the room phone to make local calls -- definitely a minus. Daily parking rates $45/car -- typical for parking-place-short Washington DC but nevertheless a little steep. 
84500042	 A group of friends and I take a trip each year, usually at least one of us has been to the city before turns out all of us have been to DC, but at different times and for different reasons. This time it was all together and for a fun 4 day getaway, We always ask the front desk people and doormen or even housekeepers where to go (you know the locals) Well we had so much fun talking to Yarnell, she had a list of places to eat, to drink, and just to walk by. The hotel is just steps from the metro which will bring you anywhere in the city, Talking to one housekeeper she recommended a chili restaurant in Arlington, not exactly what we had in mind but tried it and was really good. Arlington a small city outside DC, just a few stops on the Metro, or a short walk over the Key Bridge, there are a bunch of restaurants and plenty of shopping in Arlington.<br/><br/>While we don’t usually visit a city a second time (as a group) I feel like there was so much more we needed to do and see, so when we return we will stay at the Westin, what great service. 
84380988	 Initially, our attempts at making a reservation were met with a rather rude, seemingly uncooperative, impersonal, young woman. We hung up with no reservation after it was suggested that we look elsewhere because there were no rooms available. There was no animosity; just very confusing elitism which was extremely detrimental to the establishment. I made another phone call and we great ease, we had a reservation for two nights in the room which we asked for to begin with. This aside, our stay was remarkably relaxing and satisfying from the minute we stepped foot on the property of the Westin Grand. <br/>The staff was very hospitable and welcoming and professional. They were kind and patient with our questions and queries and we felt right at home. <br/>Upon walking into the room we were met with a musty smell; rather disturbing, but seemed to dissipate after a bit. <br/>The room was sizable, clean and very comfortable. The temperature control worked very well. The bathroom was outstanding based on the over sized tub, full length mirrors and private commode. Towels were thick and plentiful. The quality of soaps and shampoo was appreciated. The make up mirror was an extra that was very appreciated.<br/>The bedding was outstanding and my husband and I woke up very rested. The housekeeping staff was pleasant and very polite. Room service was very accommodating and prompt. The food was basic; nothing more and nothing less than we ordered.<br/>For some reason I was unable to print our boarding tickets at the business center and the Concierge offered to help me quickly and pleasantly. <br/>We anticipate staying at the Westin Grand again with expectations of another wonderful experience. 
83877765	 the Westin Grand is in a great location and the rooms are quite nice but the real treasure of this hotel is the staff! I was particularly impressed with the doormen, Erwing and Amadou who made us feel like we were returning home each evening to good friends! They were the most kind, helpful and engaging people....always at our service with cabs as needed and making us feel cared for. The people at the desk and the concierge were very helpful and made us feel very welcome as well, but the real joy was the warmth and good humor of Erwing and Amadou! I couldn't recommend the hotel for breakfast but there are a couple of great little spots just across the street and around the corner that are a good value and quite nice 
83733257	 I travelled to Washington, D.C for an extended weekend away with my wife and our 9 1/2 month old infant. The Westin Grand is located in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood. Its 5 - 7 minutes walking distance to the restaurants and shops of Georgetown, and 15 - 17 minutes walking distance (following Pennsylvania Ave) to the White House. The room was modern and clean, the bed comfortable, and the service amazing! The staff was very helpful with unloading and loading the car, and making accommodations for our little guy. We were able to get a thermos filled with boiling water every morning, perfect for heating up baby food in a hot water bath throughout the day. There is a Trader Joe's grocery store two blocks away, and a CVS pharmacy one block away. 
83045200	 Located just a few blocks from Georgetown shopping, dining, and nightlife, and a short walk to the metro, this hotel is in a quiet area of DC, a few blocks off of Pennsylvania Avenue. <br/>We enjoyed peaceful nights of sleep on very comfy beds and pillows. It's what's most important to me when I'm out of town and out of my element! 
82526432	 This hotel should not qualify even as a Sheraton, talking about the Starwood branding system. DO NOT pat more than 200 usd to stay there. First, the lobby resembles more a Holiday Inn lobby than a Westin and even less a Westin Grand, the service is poor (nobody cared to help me with luggage when i arrived). The location is good and the rooms fairly good, but not enough to charge the usd 400 per night rate i paid. Decoration outside the rooms, again, resembles more a Holiday Inn than an expensive Hotel.<br/><br/>All in all, this Hotel may be acceptable if you find a rate below usd 200, it does not worth more than that. Higher than that rate, is a ripoff. Save your money for another trip, Washington is not that big a city to pay a high rate just for staying in a central location. 
189234327	 We stayed here on New Year's Eve. Excellent customer service from the moment we checked in until the moment we got into our car. The room was luxurious and spacious. Parking was a bit costly, at $45 per night, and the breakfast was also a bit costly averaging $60 for two people. Also, be cautioned that if you move the wine/snacks in the room, you will be charged automatically. But, if you call the front desk, they will credit you immediately. We will stay here again. 
189092679	 My fiancee and I made a mileage run to DC (and our first trip together to DC) earlier this month. Having only 36 hours to spend in DC, we looked for a Starwood property in close proximity to the standard tourist attractions.<br/><br/>The hotel was a convenient walk from the Foggy Bottom metro station. And we were able to explore Georgetown with a short walk from the hotel. Getting to the Smithsonian and the Capitol was also pretty straightforward, with a short Metro (or Uber) ride.<br/><br/>The property and the room were what we have come to expect from Westin - excellent and comfortable. But what made the stay special was the hotel's Stay Ambassador (Lana Kim), who reached out to us ahead of time, had our room ready for us early (we arrived straight from the airport after our red-eye), and sent us a little something to celebrate our recent engagement. Will definitely stay here again! 
189032969	 We visited the Westin Georgetown over Christmas (Mon-Thurs) and can't say enough good things about this hotel and their fantastic staff. We communicated with them prior to arrival and they had restaurant suggestions, theater ideas &amp; upgraded our room beautifully. On Christmas Eve, we returned to a complimentary bottle of champagne in our room. Every single need was met before we even thought of it. The staff is gracious and helpful, wanting only for each guest to be more than happy. The location is ideal-a quick (and pretty) 3 block walk into Georgetown and all that it has to offer. We had a one bedroom suite on the 6th floor overlooking M St toward Georgetown. It was quiet and superbly appointed, with a love seat, two chairs and large flat screen in the spacious living area. The bathroom was huge with a large tub, separate shower and separate toilet area. We are making this a bi-annual Christmas tradition and can't wait to go back again! 
188916969	 The Westin Georgetown, situated across the street from the Fairmont and Park Hyatt, is well-placed in the city, with easy walking access to many nearby restaurants, bars, and activities in Georgetown and Penn Quarter. The rooms are decently sized with comfortable king beds and very large bathrooms with separate shower and bath tub. The traffic outside can get a little loud, so ask for a room above the 3rd floor or one not facing M Street to have a quieter night. As mentioned in other reviews of The Westin, the staff at the hotel are what really makes this a good place to stay. The concierge and other front desk personnel went out of their way to make sure we were comfortable, had everything we needed, and even offered personal advice about their favorite sights and restaurants in the city. We will definitely consider staying here again in the future upon returning to DC. 
188233753	 Another great stay at the Westin georgetown. Great location and the staff was fantastic. Easy walk to great restaurants and shopping. Traffic can get a bit nasty but hey it's dc. <br/><br/>Spg perks were great and the hotel didn't disappoint <br/><br/><br/>We will be back! Thank you. <br/><br/> 
188019183	 I stay at SPG properties fairly often, so it takes a lot for me to be surprised and impressed with customer service. Of all the places I've stayed, the staff at the Westin Georgetown are among the best. I was very impressed with their service, particularly the Stay Ambassador. It was a nice touch and definitely will make me more likely to stay at this hotel again. 
236097081	 I liked the location, the rooms were ok, but the service was not good specially at the outlets. The staff was really friendly, always willing to help. The hotel as a Westin Brand did not exceed my expectations. 
235452452	 Location: The hotel was in a nice neighborhood and within walking distance to the sights. It was also a short drive to American University and obviously close to GW. We didn't explore too much but felt safe walking around.<br/><br/>Rooms: Our room was very comfortable. Everything was working well and was up to the Westin standard. The noise level was low, the beds were fine and there was enough room for two of us to store and access our luggage and move around. The desk was set up well for working on my laptop, and there were plenty of outlets.<br/><br/>Public space: The lobby was a bit frustrating. I had to wait for my room, and there is only a circular sofa area with no tables to sit at. I needed to work, so I appreciated the free Wi-Fi in the lobby, however, there were no accessible outlets and no comfortable seating areas where I wasn't in the middle of the traffic flow. Staff was friendly and doormen very helpful. 
235190776	 We had a great 4 night stay. Spacious room and bathroom. Very comfortable beds. Good restaurant with nice selection for breakfast, room service menu is also very good, they burgers are particularly good. We opted not to have our rooms serviced every day &amp; got a $5 voucher towards the hotel restaurant. The only downside to this is that you don't get your tea, coffee &amp; water restocked. My only complaint would be is that the wifi is not free $12.95 per day &amp; you don't save any money if you buy a package. Great location with a Starbucks &amp; CVS nearby, walkable to Georgetown &amp; not far from the bus tour stop on the yellow route. You could walk to the Lincoln Memorial if you were feeling energetic! All in all a really good stay. 
235062654	 Not a place for families. Asked for cot when checked in. Asked several times. Came in at midnight and had to ask again. Bell captain wouldn't get us a mini van. Had to take 2 cabs because of 5 people .no place for. A simple sandwich for kids . Don't like Westins find the staff usually not very accommodating. 
234001007	 Location is good. Just 8 min walk to georgetown, 5 min walk to trader Joe, 15 min walk to world bank, 25 min walk to white house. <br/><br/>Rooms are not huge but there is sufficient space. Bathrooms were huge but not stocked so I had to call everyday requesting for cotton balls, toothpaste, more bottles of water. Service was pretty good, everyone was helpful and polite but I wouldn't say they went out of their way to make my stay memorable.<br/><br/>The rooms were recently refurbished but perhaps it's the lack of lighting which made it feel pretty dreary. Carpets felt dirty too. Some rooms were smaller and had only 1 couch while others had two. <br/><br/>Breakfast was unsatisfying and not equipped to handle large crowds.<br/><br/>Gym was small and had no views. Felt claustrophobic. There was also no shower in the gym. 
233705068	 Loved my stay here. Staff beyond helpful and friendly. Nice atmosphere imperfect place for walking to Georgetown,monuments,DuPont circle. Room was very nice and spacious and clean and ditto fur the bathroom. Unlike others here we did not have to pay for wifi, I guess you need to spring for the flight upgrade from standard to deluxe room. Room could use slight updating, but was really just fine anyway. Though not the ritz Carlton or the four seasons, staff treats you as if you are at a luxury hotel and made the stay quite pleasant. Wish there was a bit more of a selection of snacks in the &quot;gift shop&quot; but that really did not affect our stay. Would 100% stay here again. 
133761652	 My wife &amp; I spent two nights with our two dogs trying to escape the storm power outage and enjoyed our stay very much. The hotel is walking distance to all the Georgetown and the West End shopping and restaurants and a lot of them are pet friendly. The hotel staff could not have been more helpful and friendly. We will likely be back for a Petcation again very soon. 
133718297	 What a beautiful hotel! Rooms were nice and big! Bathroom was awesome! We were initially given a king and needed a room with two doubles. They were booked, but were able to get us a room. We did have to check in later, but we were busy sightseeing and didn't mind.one negative was that our room was near the ice machine. You could hear it dropping ice all night! 
133708211	 A taste of the great customer service started before we ever landed in DC. In addition to the &quot;standard&quot; &quot;Welcome on your upcoming trip&quot; email from WEstin, we received a customized &quot;Welcome&quot; email from Sloane Aureli, the &quot;Stay Relations Manager&quot; thanking me for my loyalty as a Starwood Gold member. We emailed back saying thanks, informing her that we would be arriving early and would really love it if our one king bed could be changed to two doubles--not available when we booked and what my teenage daughter really wanted on this trip to drop her off for a summer program at Georgetown. We arrived at hotel and although no early check in was available (which was fine--we stored our bags and went and saw family members) Sloane had worked her magic with the front desk and we had two double beds-meaning I did not have to suffer through whiny teenage daughter (or get kicked by her in bed at night!). The rooms were spotless. Bathroom huge with separate WC, stall shower and sunken tub. Easy walk to everything we needed to stock the room with Diet Coke, Water, etc. from CVS and Walgreens. Doormen were about the friendliest I have ever met and very helpful in getting cabs, etc. Easy walk to restaurants (great lunch at casual Devon &amp; Blakely) and to Whole Foods where we picked up pastries for cousins who treated us to brunch at their home. I've lived in DC and visit often--We will definitely be back to this property. Thanks All who made the stay so pleasant. 
133586489	 First it worth mentioning it was again a hotel I was able to get a room in short notice. Same nice room, enough space, all amenities and even a great bathroom even if no bathtub... For me and my six nights there was great... The old bar is in reconstruction and a drink can be enjoyed in the lobby. Pool is outdoor and accessible via the fitness room. Not so big but at least not so full. The weak point is breakfast. A lot of heavy food but nothing special. Better a nice breakfast outside... 
133558990	 The hotel is very convenient to the shopping of Georgetown as well as the Metro. The service was to be commended from the front desk to the bell captain and the valets. They were all very helpful. 
133441096	 The staff were helpful and polite, concierge were able to recommend a great place to eat. <br/><br/>The mini bar I found odd, you can't put anything of your own in the fridge as its all electronic and automatically charges your room. You can request a fridge for an additional charge. <br/><br/>The air conditioning didn't seem to maintain a steady temperature going on and off (cool and warm). But then again were finding the same and the next hotel. <br/> 
140170989	 Room was big and the bed was heaven. Staff very nice and polite. I just didnt like that system they have that if you touch some of the food or beverages on your disposal (for a high fee) you will be charged for it.. gives the sensation that your are an untrusted guest. Also, WiFi is available for a fee.. in a over-US$200-a-night hotel!? May be it is how all hotels are now in the U.S.? 
139540926	 I was at the hotel while attending the World AIDS Conference this year. I like the location, closer to Georgetown as well as number of government offices I was planning to visit. But I am not sure whether the room rate is overpriced or not. I know it was busy time and most hotels were booked at the time which led to booking this hotel. Concierge staff were great. Reception staff were OK. For the price paid for this hotel, they could easily provide services like WiFi free. But I had to pay separately for that. One thing really cool was were different adapters to charge your iPhone or smart phones. That reduced the number of cables I had to use to charge my two iPhones. Rooms were nice and comfortable. 
139476905	 Stayed at the hotel over the Labor Day weekend. As a Platinum member, we were upgraded to a studio suite which was really spacious and nice. We love the comfortable beds, separate shower, bathtub and toilet areas, the double shower heads, and the swift internet speed in the room. The staff were super friendly and pleasant, and the location is very delightful and convenient. Just 10-15 mins drive from the Reagan Airport, it is relatively close to numerous shops and restaurants. It's a 10 minute walk to Georgetown (shopping and food!), 5-10 mins walk to the nearest Hop-on-Hop-off bus stop (an efficient means of transport around the city), 20 mins walk to The White House. We had breakfast at the nearby Bread &amp; Chocolate just across the street, which is really good. You'll be spoilt for choices when it comes to dining in the area. Overall, a very highly recommended hotel to stay in Washington. 
139376319	 My husband and I stayed at this hotel for the Labour Day long weekend for 2 nights. It was a nice clean hotel with an outdoor pool and excellent gym facility. Although the pool was quite small is was adequate. The rooms were not that big but the bathrooms were amazing. We had a separate shower and tub and a separate enclosure for the toilet. The counterspace for the sink was also large which was fantastic because that is a typical problem with a lot of other hotels. The staff were friendly and very helpful! The location was ideal, located on a busy street with eateries around, as well as a gas station a block over, and two 24-hr convenience stores. We were able to walk to all the major attractions (Washington Monument, White House, DC cupcakes, etc..) but it is a good 20-30min walk. We are adamant walkers so it was great for us even with the hot weather. However if you do not like walking a lot, you can also take the cabs or public transportation. Overall, we were very happy with the stay and was what we expected from any Westin hotel. 
138469562	 My husband is platinum with Starwood and he asked me and the kids to tag along on this business trip to D.C. We are big fans of Westin and this one in Georgetown is amazing. The location is perfect. The kids and I walked everywhere during the day while my husband was in meetings and then we had amazing dinners at night. We had booked two connecting rooms and called ahead to ask for an early check-in. Much to our delight, the director of rooms upgraded us to the Presidential Suite!!! It had so much space for our little ones to run, an unreal balcony and view. To top it all off, they sent up a tray of cookies and milk for our kids. The kids were so excited I took a photo of them and sent it to the Director of Rooms as a thank you. He then shared it at the staff meeting, so for the rest of our stay our kids were mini-celebs and were known as &quot;the milk and cookie girls.&quot; The hotel pool is perfect on the roof top and we ordered lunch via room service to the pool. It was delivered quick and was enjoyed by all. I sure hope to be back soon. 
138127335	 We stayed one night and enjoyed the Westin, though in my view, it is just outside Georgetown. There were no places to eat in the hotel as they are being redone (should be finished in September), but close to the hotel are ample choices for dinner, lunch and breakfast. The rooms were clean and the location is still good with easy access and parking. 
197254379	 It wasn't the Westin Georgetown's fault that there were four inches of snow, but be aware that while this hotel is only two miles from central DC-- when there is snow, it may as well be in Silver Springs, Maryland. No cabs whatsoever. My recommendation is that if you have to be in DC proper, stay there. The hotel is fine, workout room is more than adequate and restaurant in lobby 's coffee is just fine…but the distance issue proved problematic. 
196909950	 I recently stayed at the Westin Georgetown twice in two weeks for one night each time. It is the most comfortable hotel I have stayed at within Washington, DC. The bed alone is worth it. <br/><br/>Both rooms I stayed in had comfortable layouts considering there isn't actually a lot of physical space. Both rooms had a king-sized bed with pillow top mattress. The linens were very soft and cozy. It is a marvelous bed. The bathrooms are also fantastic. There is adequate counter space, the bathtubs are deep and made for bathing, and there is a separate spacious shower stall with a rainfall shower head with an additional handheld sprayer. The room was also quiet. I have stayed in plenty of hotels where you can hear your neighbors' TV's, kids playing, etc. I could not hear through the walls. When you need a room to unwind in and get your rest, the Westin is a great place. You'll have peace and quiet and a high-level of comfort.<br/><br/>The location is also pretty great. It is on the eastern edge of Georgetown and western edge of Foggy Bottom roughly. You are just far enough away from downtown to have less chaos, but still very close and able to quickly access public transportation and taxis. <br/><br/>My customer service experience was also very pleasant. I had stayed at this hotel using hotwire deals, but was treated as a preferred guest even before I signed up to be one. Some hotels never get this right, treating last minute budget guests as inconveniences. The hotel staff at the Westin Georgetown is professional, helpful, and quick. Even room service arrived quickly, and it is a big hotel. I can't quite remember the name of the staff member who delivered it, but it might have been Sameer or something similar. He was friendly and professional and took the time to set up the meal and make sure I had everything I needed. So, thanks to the staff and management for doing a great job.<br/><br/>I would definitely stay here again and will be keeping an eye out for deals. 
196601518	 We have stayed at several different Westin properties in several countries and they are always consistent. Wonderful place to stay. Very nice spacious rooms. Comfortable beds with soft sheets. We stayed here because of its location to other places we needed to visit. 
196488371	 Let's start off with something that wasn't the hotels fault...after a long day of flying the cabbie dropped us at the Westin down the street not the Georgetown one (our bad I suppose, but make sure that you confirm with them you are going to the correct one on M street as there are two)<br/><br/>The good...<br/><br/>Check in was fine, staff was good and pleasant and the restaurants on site were good...<br/><br/>The bad...<br/><br/>Right next to a fire station and down the street from a hospital...needless to say not quiet...<br/><br/>One night we tried to order a movie, after an hour and three or four visits to our room we were told that there was something wrong that couldn't be fixed (they did take care of the internet for the hassle)<br/><br/>The biggest gripe would be that the hotel tries to be green, which is great...but they fail in implementing. If you want to use anything in the room you have to have your key in a slot on the wall...ok swell that is fine...but at one point during our stay the key is in the wall and the lights start turning off...so we think one of the bulbs has blown...nope somehow the room has become confused/or possessed and we have to fiddle with the key to get things to work again. There is also a wall outlet that glows blue all the time, which is an annoyance when you would like it to be dark to sleep.<br/><br/>Overall the sleep quality was poor, could hear a conversation through the wall as though we were a party to it...any time a door closed it sounded like the world was crashing down...<br/><br/>In short the hotel should have spent some more time and money on insulation and sound proofing and less on trying to be green...but in the end they basically failed at both in my book...<br/><br/>Would not stay here again.. 
196242830	 We visit DC a couple of times a year, and always stay at the Westin Georgetown. The location is perfect - walking distance to the main shopping and restaurant street in Georgetown, the Lincoln Memorial, DuPont Circle, Rock Creek Park. The staff are terrific - pleasant, helpful, and courteous. The rooms are large, comfortable (Westin Beds!) and always clean. We'll be back soon! 
196233385	 My friends and I had a spectacular weekend stay at the The Westin in Georgetown thanks to two lovely staff, Lana and Selam who went above and beyond the often times pesky request of Platinum Members like me!<br/><br/>What made it so extra special is the fact that they were so patient and caring about my requests that they kept in touch with me through the final days leading up to my stay to ensure that my friends and me and had the perfect rooms. Our upgraded rooms were just amazing and made our stay that much more enjoyable. Oftentimes you get to the checkin counter and you're just totally blown-off when you request an upgrade - but these folks patiently went through their inventory to ensure that they could accommodate our request in the best possibly way that they could and I was quite please with the result!<br/><br/>Service calls to our rooms were also spot on, but one surprise at the this location is Boveda restaurant - you've certainly have to try their Sunday unlimited brunch menu! You won't be disappointed. 
232911651	 Took the train down to DC after a couple of days in NJ/NYC and found this place to be very nice. Heavenly Beds are always a welcome sight after a plane ride any way and after the funnel-shaped, trampoline bed in NJ, I couldn't have been happier. The bathroom is well laid out with a separate toilet room as well as separate shower and soaking tub. A double vanity would have been nice but it worked out just fine. I also liked how quiet the climate control was. <br/>The bar could use a little better wine selection and the breakfast was just ok. Fortunately there are many nearby choices for great eats.<br/>One of the best things is that there are several Capitol Bikeshare stands nearby and it a very enjoyable and pretty quick ride to the Capitol Mall along the water. 
232300043	 The Westin Hotel is in a perfect location. Just a 5 to 10 minute walk to Georgetown with all of the wonderful shopping and restaurants and a short 5 to 10 minute walk to the Metro with easy access to all the Museums and Monuments. The hotel staff was very helpful with suggestions for dining and directions and room was spacious with very comfortable beds. Will definitely stay here again. 
232251965	 Besides having to pay for Wifi, and dirty (permanently stained with grease?) sheets it was great nights rest, just a quick call down to housekeeping fixed it. My girlfriend and I have stayed here before, and came back for the short rib tacos in the one restaurant (unfortunately they were sold out for the weekend.. early on a Friday night.. found it a little odd since there is like 15 items on the thing...) There is a firehouse nearby, but never heard it. It's a short walk to the Metro and Downtown Georgetown, or about $7 for a cab ride. 
231850124	 I was in DC for a 2-day conference happening at the Hyatt which is right across the road from the Westin. I had confirmed my reservation at the hotel a week before my stay and was contacted by the hotel manager a couple of days before my arrival to make sure they made all arrangements to make my stay comfortable. The room was very comfortable and clean. The location is unbeatable. This was undoubtedly the best Westin hotel I have stayed at. Highly recommend it if you'd like to stay in the heart of DC. 
231290952	 I enjoyed the residential feel of the Westin Georgetown. And only a 10min walk to the heart of Georgetown. My only three minor issues were the coffee maker in the room didnt appear to be clean so I passed on making coffee. The toliet seat needs to be replaced as it appeared to have been painted to cover the chips and lastly bath gel should be included in the bathroom. On a positive note, the hotel staff was very nice and I would definitely stay again as the room was very spacious! 
231191356	 Stayed here in Sept 2014 for a business trip. I was greeted at the door by a doorman, who opened the door for me and showed me to the front desk for check-in. Check-in was fast and the agent explained the amenities - location of the gym, restaurant and elevators. <br/><br/>I was upgraded to a deluxe room, so very spacious and had a very large bathroom - standing shower, huge bathtub, very nice furnishings. Can't beat the Heavenly Bed - and the White Tea Aloe bath amenities (shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and lotion). Gym was very large - lots of treadmills, dumbbells and some machines (leg extension, leg curl, chest press, lat pulldown). Definitely sufficed for a short business trip. Pool was closed and covered over, so can't comment on the pool, but I figured the weather was getting cooler, so it made sense to close it (assuming it probably wasn't heated).<br/><br/>I also wanted to take the time to compliment Gabrielle R. at the front desk - Gabrielle knew and greeted a lot of guests by name and her warm, radiant smile definitely made my stay a lot better. Her attention to detail - in terms of greeting guests, providing direction on what to see and do in Georgetown was much appreciated - I particularly enjoyed her suggestion to walk down the street with all the shops and restaurants in Georgetown, as well as the waterfront where you can see the Kennedy Performing Arts Center and the Washington Monument (from a distance, obscured by some buildings). Gabrielle was definitely one of the memorable members of the Westin team that I interacted with - she really does go the extra mile to make sure her guests' stays are comfortable and enjoyable. Thank you Gabrielle! 
247578667	 Came here just for the night for New Years and I have to say I had a great time. The room was big - I thought all DC hotel rooms were closets?? Not here. The bathroom was really great as well. Perfect for a few girls to get ready to go out. Nice staff, good food. Don't apend too much time in DC, but I dont know why I wouldn't stay here again if I do! 
247553123	 This Westin is in a good location and is a very decent hotel. It ain't the Ritz but was very well worth the Starwood points. The only thing that was out of the ordinary was that the room next to ours decided to party loudly at night. I called the front desk and they had security handle it. That, of course, could happen at a lot of hotels. Not much more to say. 
247372607	 This was my second stay at the Westin Georgetown. This stay left more of an impression than my first, so I felt compelled to write a review. <br/>First, location: It's about a 4 block walk to the Foggy Bottom metro stop and about 6 blocks to the main shopping area of Georgetown. <br/>Second, rooms: I stayed on the Starwood Preferred Guest floor in a spacious, well-appointed room. It was typical of what I've come to expect from a Westin, but I have to note how quiet it was, because that is paramount to me at a hotel. I never heard my neighbors through the walls at all and only occasionally heard people in the hallway. Very tight, well insulated hotel. <br/>Third, security: The elevators will not go anywhere from the lobby without a room key. I appreciate that added level of hotel security. <br/>Fourth, cleanliness: The room and all of the public areas were spotless. <br/>Although not technically a 5* hotel, I had a 5* stay! 
247354068	 My partner and I have stayed here 10+ times and had perfect experiences every time. The staff is incredibly accommodating and friendly. They have been very flexible with check-in, check out, bed requests.<br/><br/>To note on the location-it's right in the middle of Dupont Circle, Foggy Bottom, and Georgetown. I prefer this location to staying right in the middle of M Street in Georgetown because it's closer to metros, whole foods, more restaurants, etc. It's easy to catch a cab and a great neighborhood to walk around. <br/><br/>The lobby has free wifi and is very updated and modern. There's a nicer restaurant that we haven't tried, but we've enjoyed happy hour and a late night drink at the little Bodega spot. <br/><br/>The rooms are very clean and also updated. Our rooms have always had a great window view onto the DC streets so you can people watch wall having morning coffee and reading the paper if you so choose. The bathrooms are amazing and very clean, well-lit, and spacious. There is a deep soaking bathtub and a separate glass rainfall shower. Very luxurious and probably the nicest hotel bathroom I've experienced. <br/><br/>We also travel with our small canine companion, and the hotel is very pet-friendly. They have a separate pet-floor and even provided a &quot;heavenly&quot; pet bed and water bowl/mat. There is no hidden pet fee, which is a huge plus. <br/><br/>I'd recommend the Westin Georgetown to anybody visiting the area. It's in a prime location, very upscale and modern features, and the staff have been excellent every time I've been. 10's all the way. 
247249680	 every unhappy Westins is unhappy in its own way. At this Westin, my complaints are rather trivial (as you shall see), but the kind of irritants that get in the way of an enthusiastic review. I got to my room at 9:45pm and immediately called room service to place an order. A few minutes later, i got a call back informing me that they could not deliver my (nonalcoholic) beer because the bar was closed. At 9:45 pm? That's a fairly typical time for me to arrive at a hotel and place such an order but i have never heard that before at that hour. So that was the first strike, denying me the ritual to which i look forward throughout the hub-bub that is air travel today. The other ritual i enjoy when traveling alone on business is having the remote control to myself and randomly flipping through, as is my wont. Alas, that was not to be, since the channel up or down button only advanced with great effort. I thought i could solve this issue by renting a movie; great selection of movies that i want to see, but $18?? I couldn't bring myself to do it. On to ritual #3-- the bath. Not to be, as the drain stopper was broken. <br/><br/>Pros: stylish, comfortable, and spacious room, as at all Westins, with a giant bathroom (with separate shower stall and tub.) Room service was prompt and food was good. Super comfortable bed, of course, and quiet for sleeping. Unlike some Westins, TV had both MSNBC and Comedy Central. Employees nice. <br/><br/>So overall, good value and location. And if you are not as fussy as i am about beer, baths, and channel surfing, then you'll like it. 
246376343	 Deenny is the head Doorman at the Westin Georgetown, and he is incredible. Always upbeat, warm, welcoming and fun! Also a true professional, who clearly loves people and loves his job. He is the &quot;face&quot; of the Westin Georgetown, and represents that hotel very well. Deenny has been there a long time, and the Westin is smart to keep him, and lucky to have him! He deserves the highest marks possible! 
245975557	 I recently traveled to D.C. for my daughter's 14th birthday. We were there to see a concert and shop in Georgetown. When I called the hotel to book my reservation I had the wonderful opportunity to speak with Gabrielle Ressa. Gabrielle kindly made sure that my daughter's special day would not go unnoticed! When we checked into our room there were balloons waiting and delicious cupcakes too! However, it gets even better. I had mentioned to Gabrielle that we were celebrating Hannukah, and she thoughtfully left chocolate Hannukah gelt (coins) in the room. These small, but highly appreciated gestures will make the Westin Georgetown our family hotel as we travel to D.C.. From the kind gentlemen at the front door who took our bags, to the wonderful lady who checked us in my daughter was treated like a princess. Thank you for making the trip so memorable. 
245432854	 We stayed here over President's Day weekend back in January of 2014. It was an outstanding experience. The Westin is located in a chic area of Georgetown. The front desk staff was extremely welcoming. We were even allowed to check in at 12 noon &amp; were upgraded to a corner room on the top floor which was a nice touch. The room was a very standard Westin room but clean &amp; pretty big considering I was in D.C. The bathroom was amazing, even had a jetted tub!! We did not go to the restaurant but heard it was very good. We would definitely stay here again! 
244621950	 We stayed at the Westin for a long weekend a few weeks ago. It was a lovely experience.<br/>Everything about the hotel was perfection.<br/>The staff cannot do enough for you and the concierge knows everything. Excellent suggestions were made for dinner, brunch and even a rooftop happy hour with incredible views.<br/><br/>The room was comfortable, clean and the bed was the most comfortable bed ever (of course).<br/>Our room had a luxurious soaking tub in addition to the rainfall shower which was appreciated after long days of walking in the cold weather. The bath products are high quality as are the robes. <br/><br/>We could not have asked for a better experience in DC and the rates were GREAT! 
243869727	 I have stayed at the Westin in Georgetown several times and it never disappoints! This visit was a quick one-night stay with girlfriends. Gabrielle Ressa, Stay Ambassador, was very helpful prior to my visit and the wonderful Amadou was a familiar friendly face when we arrived. Our room was clean and spacious and we appreciated the nice amenity sent by Gabrielle. We had no problems during our stay and appreciated the quick check-out by the friendly Maheder. You can't beat the location of the hotel- just a quick walk into Georgetown and a couple of blocks to the Foggy Bottom Metro Station. With excellent customer service, nice rooms and updated bathrooms and the Westin's Heavenly Bed, for me there is no reason to stay anywhere else while in D.C. Looking forward to my next visit! 
243682120	 I had a meeting in the Dupont Circle area and booked into the Westin. I was very pleased with the quality of the room, and the service. I arrived early and had no issues with early check-in.<br/>The lounge was pretty lively on a Friday night.<br/>Easy walk to Georgetown and all the restaurants.<br/>A good choice for a business trip or tourists. 
243575310	 My wife and I stayed here Dec 6, 2014. Everything was prefect. The staff was helpful and made sure are stay was everything we hoped for.Our room was spacious and had everything we needed. GABRIELLE RESSA Gabrielle Ressa took care of all our needs. She made sure the flowers I ordered for my wife were waiting for her in the room with a card. I forgot my tie for an evening event and she found me one across the street. She showed us what going above abd beyond means in taking care of your customer. 
211752324	 Service is great! The rooms are what you would expect from an older Weston property but very nice and comfortable. The food is good and the courtyard a great place to sit. Handy to all the historic sites and Georgetown. I think for the money it is good value and would Fully recommend. 
211579168	 Just returned from a multi-generational trip to DC, and the Westin Georgetown delivered for everyone, from the 5 year old to the 55 year old. Great clean and spacious rooms, with all the amenities you would expect. Awesome pool, well equipped gym, and did I say clean? Just everything you'd want for kids and parents. We asked for connecting rooms - no problem. We unexpectedly needed an late check out and were accommodated. Quiet West End location but close to Metro, and a short walk to visit our college students at GW and Georgetown. Close to Blue Duck Tavern and Rasika to make the parents happy for dinner. Major props to the great and friendly staff, especially the the front door crew - the nicest and most helpful guys you would ever want to meet. Thanks for a great stay! 
211419780	 Received this hotel via a Priceline Name Your Own Price deal. Unlike many hotels who treat Priceline customers as 2nd rate, this hotel went above and beyond to make us feel special! <br/><br/>Furniture in the rooms are dated and stained...but the beds and bathroom are amazing and luxe! Unfortunately, the room are quite small.<br/><br/>Note: This hotel is not in Georgetown, it is in Foggy Bottom. Georgetown is a 15 min walk away. 
211297252	 The Westin Georgetown was a great hotel that allowed us to enjoy our fun trip in Washington, DC! We landed very late and were worried about dining options, but the stay ambassador, Lana Kim, was very helpful in suggesting great late night dining options! She gave us great advice as to where to go for a simple cupcake (Baked &amp; Wired) or even a great Mediterranean meal (Zaytinya)! Lana helped make sure our stay was as wonderful as it could possibly be! When we checked in, we were upgraded to a deluxe room. This room had much more closet space and it was bigger than an average room. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in this room! The housekeeping service was exceptional as every time we left our room, we came back to a clean, fresh room to sleep in! The front desk staff was very helpful in providing us with times as to when to leave in order to catch our flight. The location of this hotel is excellent. It is a 5 minute walk to the Shops at Georgetown and a 10 minute cab ride to the National Mall. There is a Starbucks and Trader Joes just across the street. If you are staying in Georgetown, be sure to book a room at this great property! 
210934841	 the hotel is in a great location to explore DC and Georgetown. if is very much like most other Westins and for that matter, most other chain hotel with the same price point we choose it for its location and that worked out very well for us 
210915213	 I tend to go to SPG hotels because of their frequent guest program, where I am platinum and have some free ''suite nights.'' I requested a sutie here, didn't get one. But the room I had was larger than the typical hotel room, with a couple chairs and a table, and a big bathroom, with separate shower and tub. The AC only works when you are in the room, so it gets hot when you leave. I left a key in the slot to keep the AC running so room would be cool when I returned, and the maid took the key out, so it got very hot when I returned. I get they are trying to save money (and be energy efficient, though really they want to save money) ... but is it too much to want room to be 75 when I get back? <br/><br/>This is kind of nitpicking. In general I like the hotel quite a bit. If you like Westins -- and I do -- you will like this. It has a nice lobby, great rooms, very comfortable beds and bath. Very good service. No long waits at the checkin desk or for cabs. Not the best location for me or for a lot of DC (the Westin nearer my work was booked so couldn't get there.) <br/><br/>The name of the hotel is Westin Georgetown, but as my cab driver said, don't try to walk to Georgetown from the hotel. It is not in Georgetown or real near it. It used to be called the Westin Grand, not sure why they changed the name, or why they didn't come up with a different one. But for visitors, you should know this if you are specifically trying to get near Georgetown. 
242037868	 The Westin Georgetown is conveniently located in the heart of one of the best neighborhoods in DC. With easy access to the subway and 24 hour door service, this hotel allowed us to leave our hotel each morning/evening to begin our touring with little delay. The rooms were beautiful and spacious. The mattress on our bed was amazing! The bathroom was large and had a fantastic tub to soak in every night. My only complaint was that our TV did not pick up HD channels. We weren't there to watch tv, but it was a little annoying to have so many channels that didn't work. Otherwise, this was a great hotel for our vacation and trips to come! 
241902794	 We stayed for our first anniversary and to spend some time seeing Washington DC. Hotel itself is at the normal high Westin standard very good but not exceptional. The staff made the difference for us for example;<br/><br/>- I was contacted before arrival to ask if we had any questions and my questions in response were answered promptly e.g. a suggestion of using a shared ride service from Dulles saved us easily $80<br/>- Front desk and concierge staff made excellent recommendations for restaurants and were very helpful<br/>- We had what might have been a bad experience to get breakfast on the first morning as the hotel restaurant was booked out for a function and they were trying to cater for people in the bar; this situation was saved through honest answers from staff about potential wait time and then not being charged for the coffee we had ordered when we initially sat down.<br/><br/>Location of hotel is great for a 2 night stay in Washington... 1 day at the monuments and the museums is on one side and second day in Georgetown is on the other side; all within walking distance.<br/><br/>Overall another very good stay at a Westin Property 
241402799	 This hotel is in a good location and has nice 'bones' - ie good size rooms and bathrooms. <br/>I found the hotel's cleanliness not up to par. The elevators stink - it's like been in a sweaty smelly gym where people have left socks out. The marble floors need to be washed. My room was very dusty too. Restaurant for breakfast didn't have any of those issues. Menu is reasonable. OJ at $5 when not freshly squeezed seems expensive to me for a small glass. Price point of the hotel is good they just need to sharpen up the image. 
241343359	 Stayed here during a brief visit. The hotel feels like it has more class and is a little more traditional and less modern than other Westin locations. Staff are very attentive and rooms were clean and nicely updated. 
241327537	 My husband and I have had a lot going on lately and desperately needed a place to relax. <br/>The Westin was just perfect. The staff was attentive but not in a smothering way. However, the best thing was being able to rent my work out clothes and not having to schlep my sneakers! 
241285333	 The hotel is really nice. People always helpful and smiling - exactly Charleine and Rachel. They helped us really well. Love the location of hotel - nearly Georgetown was awesome. Only the breakfast was horrible. Just eggs, bacon, one yogurt, coffee, tea, juice and that's all for 40 USD. I would expect better food. 
158654425	 I stayed at the Westin Georgetown during the end of July 2012 with my mother who was in town for business. This is a great hotel, ideally located with easy walking distance to Georgetown and the city centre. I had a great experience, the staff was friendly and helpful, especially Amadou and Deenny who make a fun team. Because my medicine needs to be stored somewhere cold, I needed an extra refrigerator and someone delivered it at the room within minutes of my asking in the reception, at no extra cost. <br/>I really liked that the the gym had towels, water and fresh apples available, and I think the breakfast was good, although I think it should have been included. Loved the patio outside the breakfast room. I think the 10$ per day rate for wifi is a bit much, but as long as the rate is the same however the number of devices, it's ok. All in all a great hotel and will definitely stay there again! 
158523857	 Second visit in 18 months and once again the Westin Georgetown provided a very good combination of comfort, amenities and value. Very good bath and shower, great bed. The well equipped weight room was a step above the average hotel gym, with chilled towels and fresh fruit. Despite a $10/day wifi charge it is an excellent, lower-price alternative to the Park Hyatt across the street. 
158388178	 My husband and I visited in August of 2008 while the hotel was under renovation. Loved the trademark Heavenly bed, loved the shower (so many hotels have issues with varying water temp &amp; pressure), and the service was great. I would avoid DC in the swampy hot season, but we had a nice stay. 
158310897	 One of the gems in the D.C. area. The Westin brand of the SPG chain is showcased well in Georgetown. reat hotel and highly recommended for business travel.The bathrooms are especially comfortable with the double shower heads it's always a treat! The distictive Westin White Vanilla aroma always makes me feel like I'm home. 
158154558	 We loved the hotel. The room was spacious and very clean, and the bed was very comfortable. The hotel is in a great location, you can walk to the metro station and be in any place in Washington D.C. in a matter of minutes. It is also walking distance to shopping and restaurants. The staff were accomodating and helpful. The valets in front of the hotel were a life saver for directions and a welth of information. This is for sure a four star hotel in all ways. The food is a little pricey, but there are enough restaurants in the area to enjoy. 
158133832	 Stayed at the hotel in January and found it to be perfect. Room had a large tub which was perfect after a long cold day on the Mall. Rain shower was nice as well. Large comfy bed, nice front desk staff and pretty central to DC. Used the parking which was $25-$30 overnight. Used the &quot;Green&quot; choice (no room cleaning) to pay for my mini-bar purchase. i would stay here again if the price was right (I got $89 rate, but average is much higher) 
170335846	 The hotel is in an area located near Georgetown and is close enough to the metro at Dupont Circle. We requested a room away from the elevator because we wanted a quieter room. The staff accommodated our request. The room was clean and more spacious than we expected. The bathroom was huge, too, with a shower and a separate bathtub. The lighting in the bathroom was a little odd. I didn't like it very much. One major downside about this hotel was the valet parking. It was $45 a day. It wasn't terribly expensive because I had seen worst, but it sure wasn't cheap either. 
170155734	 Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and had a great experience. Check in was smooth, we were not offered any additional info about the area but once we asked the staff were happy to tell us where to go for some great restaurants. I love the location of this hotel; it is between Georgetown and DuPont circle. Georgetown is fabulous and there are loads of restaurants and shops along M street NW and nearby DuPont circle.<br/><br/>Rooms were large (especially as we had just come from NYC where hotel rooms are pretty small) and clean. Beds are also huge, there was two of us in the bed but you could comfortably fit another person in there (not that we wanted to!). There is a tea and coffee maker provided for you in the bedroom which is also a bonus. My only disappointment was that there was no free Wi-Fi in the bedrooms, however Wi-Fi is available free of charge in the lobby so most people were just using that.<br/><br/>Overall a very pleasant stay. Would return! 
170117734	 I went here with my wife and two small kids under 3 years old last weekend. Prior to our visit, a stay ambassador emailed us (Lana) and asked if we were celebrating anything during our stay. It was my wife's birthday and she was able to provide an upgraded room, wine and chocolates for us upon our arrival, a great way to start our trip! All the hotel staff was very friendly and helpful, the gym is very nice, and the outdoor pool was fun for the kids. Defintely in line with other Westins we have stayed at before. The only negative was the expensive valet parking, but given the hotel is on M Street in a prime location in DC that is expected. My family and I will definitely stay here again next time we are in DC. 
169971730	 We first stayed here fifteen years ago and been back a number of times. Apart from the excellent location and quality of the rooms, what makes this Westin so good is the staff who are unfailingly friendly and pleasant. We hope to visit again. 
169516697	 We had a very enjoyable stay at this property. Rooms are beautiful and very clean. The bathroom is really awesome. The staff was probably the highlight for me. The bellmen and doormen are very friendly and accommodating. We were even served morning smoothies by the hotel's GM when we were checking out. The only downside was that the parking was very expensive, however I believe it's probably typical for this area. I would highly, highly recommend this property to anyone visiting DC. 
168917603	 The rooms are clean spacious and elegant but the Staff and their helpfulness is the best thing about the place. The location of this hotel is perfect, lots of really good restaurants in walkable distance and not too far from the subway. A special mention - the bathrooms are spacious clean and elegant. One thing - it is very very close to an apartment complex - so if asked do you want a room facing the street or courtyard, choose the street. 
117918475	 Stayed in this Westin in Aug 2011 and loved the location. We were upgraded to a suite because of my SPG status--I found the room to be very clean, large and a fairly updated decor. Amenities are like most Westins I've stayed in: large, comfortable bed, large flat-screen TV, desk and sitting area. We liked our large bathroom that had both shower and a separate tub and a separate toilet. <br/><br/>Located not in Georgetown but in close walking distance to the White House, restaurants on Columbus Ave and enough in the general vicinity of DC to have a great trip. <br/><br/>I would stay again. Staff was helpful and always courteous. 
117886551	 Stayed for 3 nights. Have no complaints. Location was perfect for walking to all the sites. Would stay again for sure! 
117865863	 The Westin Georgetown is an exceptional hotel which is close to The Mall and other tourist locations. Personnel are exceptionally helpful and very friendly!<br/><br/>Would stay here again in a minute! 
117831220	 We stayed at the Westin Georgetown for 1 night and had a great time. The location is just a couple blocks from Georgetown and is a quick ride to the monuments and sites. The service was exceptional. Ahmad the bellman was extremely helpful with everything from parking tips to sightseeing to restaurants. We will definitely stay at this hotel again the next time we're in the area. 
117777425	 My boyfriend and I selected the Westin over other hotels in the Dupont Circle area for convenience to Georgetown Shops/Dining.<br/><br/>Even though we arrived early, the hotel had an easy check in process.<br/><br/>The room was a large corner room (800) and filled all of our needs:<br/>very clean, large and nice bathroom, large and comfy bed, convenient to the shops/dining in georgetown (j paul's brunch was fantastic!).<br/><br/>I'm picky and this was a winner! (pool is small, but that wasn't my objective)<br/>I'm picky and I highly recommend. 
117622119	 I just returned from 7 nights at the Westin Georgetown. The following is my experience. Thirty minutes after arrival in Washington D.C. a 5.8 earthquake occurred. Quite shaken by the unusual experience, I arrived at the Westin Georgetown by taxi. The people at the front desk were not particularly helpful in regards to what to do in the event of aftershocks, etc.<br/> I was given a guest room with a very poor view. It overlooked the hotel pool and a small courtyard and was totally enclosed by the L-shaped wings of the Westin and an apartment building. While I could see a small portion of the sky by looking up, there was no street action visible. This sort of view may have been OK for a couple of nights but I had reserved 7 nights. After 5 nights, my plumbing malfunctioned and I was moved to a room with a view of about 20 air conditioning units on the roof of the adjacent building. I still could not see the street but at least got a much larger view of the sky and more light in the room. I am a Starwood Member but that does not apparently help with room choice.<br/> A couple from Great Britain, attending a wedding also received one of these air conditioning unit views.<br/> Both of these rooms were immaculate which is probably the one big advantage of this Hotel. Every afternoon, I noticed the hallways were vacuumed.<br/> The next major issue was Hurricane Irene. The day before the Hurricane arrived, I asked the front desk person what quests were to do in the event of a power outage and was told, &quot;We know nothing. We do not expect damage.&quot; That afternoon, a detailed note from the manager arrived under the door addressed to all the guests concerning Irene. I was never given a flashlight, however.<br/> Another major issue was the lack of a concierge during my visit. For 3 days in a row, I called downstairs to speak with a concierge and was told that the concierge did not come in today. I was referred to the front desk. I did not feel that anyone at the front desk was particularly friendly and only asked them a few basic questions. My entire experience of D.C. would have been elevated with the help of a knowledgable concierge.<br/> Lots of rain for about 24 hours during Irene, never saw an umbrella stand in the lobby like some Hotels provide for their guests. I ended up buying one.<br/> The small gift shop carried only basic sundries and some Westin personal care products.<br/> The restaurant is open for breakfast and lunch until 2:00p.m. The food was good. For dinner at the Hotel, one has to either eat in the bar or order room service. The lounge looked dark and not a place I wanted to go by myself. <br/> I have stayed at outstanding Westin Hotels in Honolulu and Maui. This Hotel in Georgetown does not fall into that category in my opinion. I would not return. 
207572810	 Stayed at the Westin Georgetown on a business trip. Great location close to Georgetown, shopping, restaurants and midtown. Full service luxury/business hotel with spacious room and bathroom. Great staff, very helpful at all times. 
207412197	 <br/>Stayed here on somebody else's dime (probably more expensive than what I would spend money on). Full service luxury/business hotel with a very spacious bathroom. Other amenities were as expected. Staff were proficient and efficient. Did not eat here. Close to many good restaurants. 
207339670	 We stayed here for 7 nights in May. This was our first visit to DC. The hotel's location was great. Close to shopping and restaurants. Rooms were clean and quiet. Very comfortable beds and the shower was awesome. Geoffery, the concierge, went above and beyond to help arrange dinner reservations and whatever else we needed. I would highly recommend this property. 
206958698	 Had a great 3 day stay.Very nice hotel with outstanding staff.The hotel is located in the nicest part of Washington that has a nice variety of eating options.We would especially recommend the Deluxe restaurant two blocks from the hotel on M street.<br/>We highly recommend this hotel. 
206553513	 A nice hotel in the middle of the city, especially since we were attending an graduation.The staff was amazing, every single person form the deskers, housekeepers, doormen espically Deenny he was very helpful. I highly recommend!!! 
206168015	 The Westin Georgetown is exactly what you expect from a moderate (for DC) priced hotel. Everything works, rooms are clean and comfortable and staff are excellent. Just be prepared to pay DC prices, like $26 for breakfast (there's a deli across the street where you get real good comparable breakfast for about 1/3) if you dine in the hotel. 
22809521	 We went away for a quick and easy long weekend trip during Thanksgiving and had a great time visiting sites and walking around. I decided to stay here because my experience at the St. Regis in San Francisco was so pleasant and I wanted to stay at another Starwood hotel. The room was very nice and comfortable. Even if a bit cramped, the large windows made it seem airy. <br/><br/>Now these are our bad experiences: When we were unable to find a brunch location the day after Thanksgiving, we relented to eating at the cafe. The food was sub par and the service was even worse. The watercress garnish on my tofu was wilted and dry; I could have gone without. Two egg dishes and my dish of bagels and tofu and two coffees set me back $80!!! Not worth it.<br/><br/>When we took out the bottles in the minibar to make room for our own beverages, we got charged for it. Because they are on sensors, it automatically charges you when moves, even if placed back. I had to explain in order to get the bill adjusted. <br/><br/>Then when I got home the bill I had signed for when checking out did not match my credit card statement. I called the hotel and was forwarded to the accounts department. I did this about four times in a period of two and half weeks and only ever got a voicemail. I left several messages and never got a phone call back. Finally I called and asked to speak with a manager. The receptionist put me on hold and then got the accounts contact to pick up the phone to speak with me. When I explained that I had left him several messages, his attitude was ‘Yeah so what can I do about it? You got me on the phone now so what do you want.’ He was accusatory and brushed off my questions like I was bothering him. The bill itself was not a big deal, and it was eventually explained and cleared up, but my experience to clarify the matter was RUDE. This is too bad because otherwise our stay was very pleasant, but hospitality should not end as soon as your sign for that bill. 
22152605	 I stay in Westin's often but The Westin Grand is among the best. The service is great and they cater to traveling pets (wtih no extra fee)--my dog LOVES his own Heavenly Dog Bed! The last trip had issues with housekeeping in terms of leaving water and coffee (forgot twice) but overall, the rooms are immaculate and the location simply can't be beat for the west end. Just a short couple of blocks to Trader Joe's market--a frequent, favorite stop. 
21862331	 It was pathetic, first No parking, you have to pay extra for your $300 dollar a night room, no parking included , no correct reservations, locked refridgerator , small room, extremely slow service, extra for internet, rude service, incompatant, extremely exspensive breakfast( instant eggs, and a bagel, $6 for 2 strips of bacon!) <br/><br/>The rooms were decorated wonderfully, but the finish actually was shooty , cracks, poor seams, cramped. <br/><br/>BEDS ARE AMAZING!!!!!!!!!<br/><br/>The only redeeming fact of the stay was when the night manager corrected some of the problems, thank you to Mystery Manager<br/><br/>Pool not availabe except for odd hours during day. Not practical<br/><br/>Would not recommend or suggest to anyone to stay at this hotel.<br/><br/>Look else where for lodging. 
21833900	 Just stayed at the Westin Grand....(11 day trip-5nts at Four Points, 3nts in NYC, and then returned to DC to Westin). Lovely hotel, friendly staff, great rooms. We stayed on the SPG level, and the room was spacious enough, bed and bath both great. Beautiful bathroom with separate tub, great shower with 2 shower heads, glass doors, etc. (it looked brand new, as did everything else) Of course, the bed was wonderful as to be expected at a Westin. Our room faced a side street and was very quiet....no balcony. Room service was quick, and food good. Starbucks is 2 doors down, across the street, very convenient. Not as centralized for sightseeing, but doable. The Metro is a few blocks away at George Washington University. $8.00 taxi for 2 from the Lincoln Memorial. Parking is $25.00. 
21749617	 The Westin Grand is just off the centre, 10 mins walk to the Metro at Foggy Bottom, and 10 minutes walk into the delightful Georgetown with its shops and diverse array of restaurants.<br/><br/>On arrival, we were upgraded to a large room above the entrance.on the SPG floor. Everything fine, but the large patio doors onto small balcony are not completely sound proof, so some traffic noise. Walls between rooms also thin, so you can hear next door's tv etc.<br/><br/>Staff very efficient, friendly and attentive. Bar area small and rather disappointing. Breakfasts good, though not always a buffet if hotel is quiet.<br/><br/>The bed was the star feature for us - superbly comfortable after a long flight from England.<br/><br/>Overall, you wouldn't be disappointed with this hotel, even if it falls just a little short of excellent. 
21637738	 I agree with other reviews calling the front desk staff 'snotty' and ``efficient but not particularly pleasant.''<br/><br/>all my encounters with mid and lower level staff (bellmen, housecleaning, etc.) were quite good. the front desk was had quite an attitude and i had an extremely unpleasant interaction with management. <br/><br/>their unprofessional manner ruined anything nice i might say about the hotel (but i'd say hotel was so-so. rooms were decent but westin in general is too generic and blah for my taste. 
182726666	 We just completed an excellent weekend stay at the Westin Georgetown. My wife and I were in town for a wedding and had our 18-month son with us. The hotel is a busy one, but the service level was consistently good. In addition, our room was very nice and spacious (the 1-bedroom King suites are worth a splurge).<br/><br/>Most impressive was Lana Kim, the Stay Ambassador. She reached out in advance of our stay to ask how she could help and then followed through with getting us a quiet and spacious room, per my request. Lana went above and beyond to make sure that we were well taken care of. In addition, the front desk was able to hold our room and accommodate a late check-in when we were delayed in traffic.<br/><br/>All in all, a wonderful stay. The hotel is also great for work travel (I had stayed a few times before as well). 
181979601	 Nice, modern, well-appointed rooms. Quiet rooms can be found on the interior of the hotel facing the courtyard overlooking the pool (not sure if it's the hotel's or another entity's). Efficient, friendly service. Would stay again. 
181881399	 This was a nice hotel but for the price I wouldn't suggest it since you have several other options surrounding it. We stayed for two nights in October for a wedding since it was part of the wedding blocks and transportation was going to be provided to/from wedding events from this area. Check-in was easy and they were able to accommodate us at 9:30 am when we arrived. The room was what you would expect from a Westin, clean, nice bed. We just had a couple of issues like finding a bug in the robe they have for you in the room, one of the phones was broken and their night concierge person was clueless regarding their restaurant information. The manager was super helpful when I complained which was very nice and helpful. But if you like Westin hotels and their brand and like to know what to expect then I would suggest it but there isn't anything amazing or stand out about this particular hotel. 
181639545	 I was back in DC for fall leadership weekend up at Georgetown earlier this month. I try and stay at Westin Georgetown because it's convenient to the Hilltop and to Dupont Circle on foot or by taxi and I prefer Starwood Properties for non-business travel. I arrived early and since my room wasn't available, Vikram at the front desk suggested I have some breakfast and he would see what he could do. Turns out that half-way through breakfast, he came down to my table, told me he found a room with an upgrade, and gave me my room keys. The room was spacious and comfortable. Great service, check-in, room, and check-out experiences. <br/><br/>The only negative that I can point to is that the front door experience was choppy. Taxis were always readily available, but some of the doormen were quite snobby. I only say &quot;some&quot; because the doormen in the morning were lovely and helpful ...d opening the door as I approached. The doormen in the afternoon, especially those in the grey would take one look at me and not make a move to help me with the door. I'm a big boy and can open a door for myself, but if they're waiting for me to wave a tip at them before they decide to help me, then they can get lost.<br/><br/>Vikram and his efforts at check-in made this stay a great one.<br/><br/>All in all, solid repeat stay at the Westin Georgetown. I will be back! 
181586552	 I booked the hotel for 3 nights [during the Govt shutdown :( ] in a convenient location on the east edge of Georgetown. Within a couple days, there was an email from the hotel offering to arrange anything for the visit. I arranged for a bottle of wine the first night and it all went smoothly. Great service throughout.<br/><br/>The room was spacious (Deluxe King room) and everything in good order. Doorman/concierge were great. I didn't partake of the workout room but it looked sufficient, and unfortunately the pool was closed for the season (which I was ok with). Room viewed the inner courtyard but there's not a lot to see from the room in the area so it doesn't matter.<br/><br/>Great pre-communication, good service throughout, and then a follow up email. They did a great job. 
181585888	 Weekend with our daughter while she's a student at Georgetown U. Travel to DC often. Only the second time at this Westin. Was an unusually miserable experience so far. Arrived late. Tried their restaurant. It was 8:40PM in a Friday night and there were no other guests. Not a good sign. In attentive service even with only two tables of dinners. The scallops smelled fishy and the steak was thin and well done although end requested as medium rare. Just paid and left the restaurant. Have an amazingly small room. No towels or amenities. Staff said that must have been a late checkout and they had not had a chance to clean and restock. Front desk and management are not responsive or helpful. None of our subsequent experience was any better. I guess the management does not appear to feel any need to compete. Have stayed in dozens of hotels in DC. None have remotely been as bad as this one. 
149543302	 Travelled over the thanksgiving holiday and the hotel was very quiet. Staff was efficient and decently friendly, not over the top at all. Doormen were always available for help with bags and finding a cab and figuring out the complicated DC parking scene. We might have been upgraded to a little bit bigger room that had a great bathroom that had nice fixtures and a wonderful rainforestey shower head. It also had a seperate watercloset and bathtub, which I really liked. The beds as always- AMAZING I might just have to get myself a heavenly bed soon! There was a balcony but the doors were locked... ODD. The pool looked nice but was closed for the winter, would be great if they could have it covered to be year round! My friend used the gym and said it was great- they also have a service where if you forgot your running/ workout gear, they bring you a pair of shoes to use and you can keep the socks they bring too. NEAT! We didn't eat in the restaurants but the one spanishy one looked very cool. Parking was pricey, but its a hotel, so what do you want!<br/><br/>Also you are super close to DuPont and tons of restaurants, Georgetown is just across the bridge too! 
149159299	 I do a good amount of travel for business, in and around the DC area. I love to come to the Westin Georgetown due to the friendly staff that greets you. I have a great relationship with many of the doorman, in particular, Deenny. They are always so friendly which makes it that much more pleasant when you stay in hotels all of the time. Location is excellent! 
148755389	 Nice property. Rooms are well appointed, clean. Service is courteous, cheerful and helpful as exemplified by one doorman I see often when I go, named Deenny.<br/>I'm a business traveller and have been to this hotel many times. Never had a bad experiences or bad room. Quality has been consistent. <br/>Good location, too. 
148754399	 Staff are really friendly, whilst booking in I turn round to find my children deep in conversation with one of the porters. Aldo on the desk was helping me plan the rest of my trip so it was a nice pleasant change for staff to make time for you.<br/>The rooms are comfortable and cosy but the downside is that the music in the corridor plays all night and I could hear it all night! Not a very restful sleep<br/>The hotel is in a very nice area and felt a relaxing place to stay 
148751582	 Spent 2 nights w family a week before XMas. Great position for sightseeing but even better for access to Georgetown shopping and restaurants. Rooms nice but no breakfast included and quite expensive considering that. Very helpful staff 
148721254	 What can I say, excellent hotel. The locale is excellent. You are right in the middle of everything. The folks at the hotel are very accommodating. Looking forward to returning in the future! Everything is very clean and they were quick to get us to our rooms. 
90217643	 Service was impeccable. Amadou was especially helpful. He was extremely kind and professional. <br/><br/>From Alabama 
90009287	 I stay at this hotel every week due to a business obligation and the staff is incredibly friendly and accomodating. They remember my name and provide the best in service. 
90004444	 Great Experience<br/><br/>Associate AMADOU provided exceptional service. 
89949127	 I love this hotel. I'm a consultant and have been working on a project in DC for the past few months and of all the hotels in the NW area of DC, this one is by far the best. Super friendly desk personell, friendly door guys (Deenny is the man, always ready to help w bags or grab the door), rooms are nice, Dusk (the hotel bar) actually has really great food (try the tandoori chicken). The hotel is centrally located a short walk from georgetown or dupont circle so dining options are many. Booking staff has always been extremely helpful with reservations (ask for anne-marie, she is the best). All in all, couldn't ask for a better experience as I count my SPG points. 
89936645	 We love the Westin Grand (recently re-named Westin Georgetown). The location is fantastic - convenient short walk into Georgetown, to Dupont Circle, the monuments and Foggy Bottom Metro stop - but the reason we stay there has to do with the people. From the moment we walk through the doors to check in until the moment we depart, we are treated like we are the most important guests in the hotel. Melvin Howard and Jennifer Greenwald took especially good care of us during our Thanksgiving week visit. The rooms are very spacious - even the bathrooms - and Melvin, Jennifer and Yarnell Johnson selected a special room for us and made sure we were completely comfortable - right down to the complimentary chocolate covered strawberrries for our daughter who was celebrating her birthday during our stay. Concierge, Jeff, knows everything about the dining and entertainment in the city and is always happy to provide current information and assistance.<br/><br/>If one is in search of a hotel in DC where they can expect wonderful, gracious service with knowledgeable and friendly staff and easy access to both the tourist attractions or the fantastic neighborhood experiences the West End of DC has to offer, the Westin Grand is the place to stay. We stay several times a year and are always sad when it is time to leave. 
89932502	 I would like to specially thank Ziggi for her excellent customer service. She was so friendly and recognized my husband and I from the night before. We felt really welcome for breakfast.<br/>Also special complements for the doormen! Tariq Hassan and his colleague were very hospitable. 
26976836	 This is a very nice hotel. The rooms are also very nice and roomy. The hotel is not close to downtown D.C but it is just a few stops away on the train. Train is about 10 minute walk from the hotel. There is not a lot of food areas by this hotel. The hotel however is still a very nice hotel. Rooms are clean and hotel is kept up. Staff is great and friendly. I would return to this hotel again. 
26129940	 the location is the best, room are clean and nice, didn't be upgraded by s.p.g. may be because I took the room with points. I think service could be better. Just love to go out and have dinner in Wisconsin St, great area for shopping and restaurants. 
25479973	 I stayed at the Westin for 5 days on business and pleasure. My room was large, and the bathroom was huge with a wonderful soaking tub. The room was clean and extremely comfortable. The in room coffee maker is great - makes the coffee into a &quot;to go&quot; cup. The location is fantastic -- an easy walk into Georgetown or to the Metro station at GW University. The room was new and freshly remodeled. There are special floors for guests who participate in the rewards program - they might be better rooms than the ones on the other floors. 
24664988	 Thought I got a good deal with a room at The Westin Grand but I was wrong. This was truely a case of you get what you pay for. After checking in my $125 rate did not look so good. Here is a quick rundown of the problems: pubic hairs on floor in bathroom, toilet seat would not stay up for male, large gap under door with light that shined directly into your eyes as you try to sleep. These were unacceptable. Other things that are of concern were the lack of good reading light and the loud bangs as the doors in the hall slammed through the night. Do NOT stay in Room 334. One good thing was the street parking so you do not have to pay for valet. Good location for walking to White House and Georgetown. Do yourself a favor and pay a few extra bucks and stay at the newly renovated Fairfax. 
24661573	 Booked this hotel over christmas and new year and got a good price on what usually is a VERY expensive hotel. The location is absolutely fantastic!! Just a block or two away from a lovely little area called Georgetown complete with fantastic shops and tons of restaurants! also it is near the pier, which has lovely veiws especially of the watergate complex etc. The hotel itself is beautiful, the staff etc are very helpful, they check that were you are going is safe etc and provide you with lots of information about trips and places to eat. the rooms are absolutely FANTASTIC!!!!! the beds oh wow....i want to buy one!! they call them 'heavenly beds' and heavenly they are! Large, luxurious powershower and good sized bathroom. Relatively good closet space as well, surprised to find out that the hotel is incredibly pet-friendly with heavenly pet beds and pet chefs room servic etc. WARNING MINI-FRIDGE AND RACK WITH FOOD IS MAGNETIC! if you move an item it will automatically charge it to your bill, easily sorted but adds extra hassle to stay! Room service isnt expensive but they add tax, service charge so do your math if youre gonna order!! I decided to check the restaurant for breakfast one morning, it was good but unbelivebly overpriced, $5 for a SMALL glass of orange juice. Came to $90 for 4people!!! rest of stay simply walked down to georgetown for a SUPER breakfast at a little cafe, great staff, great choice, great price and great food! Also there is a deli across the road (turn left) and starbucks 100ft down the road for a muffin, coffee etc. Generally great hotel which definately added to a fantastic DC experience 
24564554	 We (mom and teenage son) stayed here for two nights during a college visit trip to Washington, DC. We booked a room with 2 doubles. It was very comfortable, tastefully appointed and large enough for our stay which didn't involve much time in the hotel room. Quiet rooms with really comfortable beds and nice linens. We enjoyed breakfasts in the M Street Grille. Nice service, good menu. Thoughtful front desk and bell desk staff as well. Peaceful spot in a busy city. 
122881935	 The Westin provided outstanding service the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating! The bellmen Amadou and Deenny was so kind and went out of their way to assist us with transportation and help with our bags. 
122795471	 I am used to and expect first class service at Westin. I was not disappointed during my stay there in early January. James, the front desk manager, is a true asset to the Westin chain. He delivers exceptional service with a smile and genuine devotion to customer service. The bellman and housestaff were also affable and went out of their way to greet the guest with courtesy. 
122789702	 Just outstanding and friendly doorman along with the staff at the desk. They were helpful in every which way. I had my son, who is disabled in a wheelchair, and they were so very helpful and kind to him during our stay. Very welcoming Hotel, and comfortable rooms. The location was wonderful in walking distance to Georgetown boutiques and restaurants. Just enjoyed our stay so much and would stay there again. Highly recommend. 
122776433	 I stayed in Westin for 5 days. Helpful staff, clean rooms BUT an awfully tiny gym. Tried to workout there but if more than 4 people enter there it's just impossible. Definitely a thing to work on. Overally a good hotel. 
122726267	 Very nice hotel, and everything what you would expect from a Westin. The room was kind of small and I had an awful view (something I would have thought more of as a Starwood elite member). <br/><br/>The location is just okay, it is very quiet and a short walk over the M Street bridge to Georgetown shopping and restaurants. The metro is 4 or so blocks away, not a bad walk especially in a safe neighborhood. <br/><br/>I attended the evening reception in the hospitality lounge one evening and had a great chat with one of the staff members. <br/><br/>I would likely stay at this hotel again. However, I find it very annoying the charge for internet, it is a bit outrageous considering you can stay at the Four Points Sheraton and get free internet. 
122609508	 The staff here is outstanding. We had particularly cordial and accommodating service from two of the bellmen and valets - Erwing and Amadou. They were extremely friendly and kind, helped us with our two small grandchildren and made us feel welcome in the hotel. 
209242452	 Quick, in-and-out stay. Very convenient location - short drive from Reagan and to various city meeting spots. Appreciated the energy-efficiency measures in the room. Super entertaining and friendly bellman - particularly Deenny and Amadou. Made for a great start to my day and solid lasting impression. Would definitely stay here again over the other nearby SPG properties. 
209079230	 I was here for one night because I was attending an event on the conference room level early in the morning. Good location: 10 minute walk from the Metro. Check in was smooth (a bit of a wait on a Friday night), room was comfortable and included free water. I would have preferred free wifi. Had breakfast in the &quot;Caucus Room&quot; the next day. Oatmeal plus coffee was $15 and the service was slow. I'll stay here again in a similar situation, but bring my own instant oatmeal. 
208931154	 My son's wedding was performed at this hotel in May, 2014. Approximately 130 family and guests attended, and I am pleased to say that my wife and I were very happy with all aspects of the event. The staff was friendly and efficient. The facility was clean, well supplied with linens, and, in general, very quiet. It's not the hotel's fault that a fire station is located less than a block away! The hotel's food was very well prepared and the restaurant/bar facilities more than adequate. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone without hesitation. 
208905357	 My husband and I travel whenever we can and we have stayed at this location several times and I have a stay booked this weekend because we enjoy it so much. It is a fantastic location close to restaurants and attractions.<br/>The staff is gracious , and the manager, James Gartenhouse went out of his way to make our stay the best possible. No worries, this is the one that will treat you with the best care. 
208881563	 I had a function in the Gtown area, so I decided to stay at the Westin. The rooms were typical Westin...nothing bad....nothing spectacular. Exactly like any other Westin in America (note: I am not dissing Westin here....it is a good thing to know what to expect when it comes to hotel rooms). The hotel is convenient if you want to focus on the Georgetown/GW/World Bank area of town. If you need to go to the Hill, then stay further downtown. <br/>The rest of the hotel is nothing special. The restaurant is nothing special...and the lobby is unremarkable. Better to cross the street and hang out at the Hyatt's bar &amp; restaurant. 
208877993	 This Westin is pretty much your standard urban Westin hotel, good location, nice rooms and good service. I would absolutely stay here again, especially as it is a fairly quiet hotel in one of DC's most popular neighborhoods. <br/><br/>Where problems emerge, however, is in the restaurant. Service is very slow at times, at least for breakfast, although the food is good. If this hotel could fix that, it would probably bump it up to 5 stars. 
115459662	 Everyone outside and involved in service was great - except the front desk clerks who had their noses high in the air. Special thanks to Amadou who went far out of his way to give us spectacular customer service. 
115457622	 Stayed here this past Thursday and Friday nights on a business trip and overall was quite pleased. Nice staff, rooms are fine and clean (though nothing really fancy), taxis waiting outside the times I needed one. Got a great Starpicks deal (the Starwood option whereby occasionally hotels offer discounts a few days in advance) just a couple of days in advance of about $310 total for the two nights (including tax). Didn't have a chance to check out the fitness center, the food or the bar/restaurant Dusk at the hotel. No lounge. Not to get into a Starwood versus Hilton debate, but as a long-time HH Diamond new to Starwood Platinum I ignorantly half-assumed that there would be a complimentary breakfast, which as per Starwood policies there is not.<br/><br/>Some other scattered observations:<br/><br/>1. Only problem, not that it was a major one, was upon check-in I asked about a Platinum upgrade to a suite (which is guaranteed for Platinums if available) and was told nothing was available. Upon getting to my room, the first site that popped up when I went online was that of the hotel, so out of curiosity I checked availability and a Studio Suite was available. I called down to tell the front desk, which promptly sent up a key so I could transfer to the suite. Would have been nice if the front desk had apologized for (to put the matter perhaps a bit charitably) not spotting the availability. But as I said, no big deal.<br/>2. The regular room I was in for a few minutes was certainly nice enough. Perhaps a bit on the small side, but more than adequate. It had a King bed. From what I vaguely recall from staying at this hotel many years ago when it was the Westin Grand, the rooms with two beds are larger. (And it would be hard to see how two beds could have fit into the King room.) So if I were to go back I'd definitely try to secure a room with two beds on the assumption it would be bigger.<br/>3. The term Studio Suite summarizes the upgraded room quite well. More than twice the size of the regular room I was first put in. Has a couch and a couple of chairs. As with the hotel generally, nothing really fancy, but fine. One odd little glitch was that the light to the bathroom is by the closet outside the bathroom, but not close enough to be obvious that it's for the bathroom. Took me a while to figure that one out.<br/>4. Both of my rooms faced the courtyard, which was quiet. My guess is that it's significantly quieter than the those rooms facing the street, particularly busy M Street.<br/>5. Both the location and the hotel itself are nicer than the Westin City Center, which is ok but definitely down a notch from the Westin Georgetown.<br/>6. Having said that, the hotel is not really in Georgetown but rather a short walk away from the edge and maybe 15 minutes from its center. On the other hand, the hotel is only a 20 minute walk away, via a pretty neighborhood, from Dupont Circle. I've dined in Georgetown a number of times, but on weekends in particular it can be quite a college/20s type scene (not that there's anything wrong with that, even with me being in my 50s). My point is that for tourists the location is pretty good for checking out Gtown eateries, shops, etc.; for folks in on business looking for a more sedate scene, you might be better advised to walk the opposite way on M or over to Dupont Circle. (One more thing re Gtown is that the area by the river apparently had bad flooding this winter, so most restaurants there are closed right now.)<br/>7. A two-terminal business center off the lobby; the only time I used it was to print out my plane boarding pass. There was a small glitch with no paper in the printer. 
115428809	 I was pleasantly surprised to have such a warm and welcoming staff. I'm a frequent business traveler and am a member of several hotel reward programs, but the staff at the Westin Georgetown was the best I've experienced in a while. I arrived early and had to wait for a room but I was sent a complimentary tea service that evening for my inconvenience. The room was warm and comforting and I took the time to enjoy the spa tub. Even on my way to the airport, one of the bellmen, Deenny, made sure my cab experience was the best it could be. I'll definitely return to the Westin Georgetown on my next trip to DC. 
115428579	 My family and I recently stayed at the Westin Georgetown for 7 nights. Overall, we found the hotel to be comfortable and conveniently located to Georgetown (a nice 5 block walk in the evening). It was a bit of a walk, in the heat, to the nearest Metro station (Foggy Bottom) but not too bad. We got a lot of great advice on restaurants and 4th of July questions from Jefferey, the concierge. His advice and reservation making ability really invaluable to our group of 8. Aside from Jefferey, the staff was not all that helpful...when asked, help was given, but not provided without a request being made. Our rooms were comfortable and clean, as we expect at a Westin. Our only other wish for a Westin is that they would leave room in those silly in-room refridgerators filled with stuff to buy for a few things the customer could add and keep cold. We never buy those over priced sodas and munchies and never will. 
115299324	 Location, Location, Location. That is one of the strongest points of this hotel. Walking distance to Georgetown, Dupont Circle and The Mall. Very attentive staff. Excellent food in the restaurant. Cute little bar downstairs. Specail thanks to Amadou who was very cheerful all the time and took very good care of our kids' needs while we were staying at the hotel. 
115287254	 I have stayed at this hotel many times and there is no other hotel I would stay at in DC. From the moment I was greeted by the valet I knew my stay would be remarkable. He was all smiles, even in 100 degree heat, and extremely helpful and informative. I had 2 sleeping rooms reserved and I needed to confirm the second room was a double. When the guest in that room arrived 2 hours after my checking in; the front desk agent acknowledged both of us by name. The sleeping room was gorgeous and very spacious. Westin soap and toiletries they provide are my favorites! The location of the hotel is fabulous. Just blocks away from anything you need, including the metro. There is absolutely nothing negative I can say about this hotel. 
101967307	 My stay at the Westin has been a pleasant one. As of recently I have had the best of experiences. Jenny of the front desk provided me the comforts of home while away from home, that consistency has made my travels and stay so comfortable and I appreciate it as I have been on the road for so long that having this consistency is so appreciated. 
101905492	 From check-in to check-out a wonderful experience. I do not have a single negative comment.<br/>I appreciate the fact this is such an environmentally conscious hotel. The bed was super-comphy, the shower was to die for...Jennifer at the check in was great...and all the reception staff was awesome :) 
101545878	 I was so impressed with the level of service we received from Yarnell Johnson at the Westin Georgetown I had to write a review! We were in Washington, DC and my colleague noticed that censor had been left on a dress she purchased for an event. Yarnell offered (and did!) to take the dress to the DC store to have the censor removed --as we were in a rush. She brought it back in enough time for my colleague to wear the dress that evening! In addition, the room service personnel were so gracious. Chatty--but not too chatty--kind --and you can't be too kind:) The location was terrific and the heavenly bed WAS heavenly! Would truly recommend this hotel. 
101522479	 The rooms at the hotel were clean and modern and the beds were comfortable. My only complaint is that you can hear a great deal from the adjoining room so who your neighbors are matters. 
100667965	 I just wanted to share that I experience yet another exceptional stay at this property. From the front door at arrival to the front door at checkout, each individual I encountered provided the personal level of service that I come to expect in a hotel where I choose to stay. I particularly want to express my gratitude to Erwing, Ahmad, and Amadou for not only making me feel special in every encounter I had with them, but for retaining their experience with me as well so that we are able to reflect and connect on our past experiences of my stays at this property. Keep up the good work and remain as you for you are doing an excellent job in how you reflect the Westin brand. 
100486691	 I was very impressed with the quality of the hotel, along with its prime location. The one thing that caught my attention was the service. Amsalework Woldegiorgise was incredible. She was so helpful and accommodating, she truly made our vacation a unique and wonderful experience. I hope to return to the Westin soon in order to have another memorable vacation. <br/><br/>David C. 
105862801	 Just spent one night at this property. Very nice. Beautiful hotel (I've stayed here before and it's been through some sort of remodel). Rooms were incredibly spacious, especially for a city hotel. The gym was great - well equipped and with cold towels to boot. Staff was incredibly friendly and went out of their way to make every guest's visit special. Just blocks from Georgetown and also from lots of sightseeing. 
105548929	 We just returned from a 4 day/3 night get away. Our children are 10 and 12. Parking at the hotel was expensive $28/day, so I decided to use a parking garage across the street. Much more reasonable. Some of the garages are only open Mon-Fri so make sure to check on their hours before you leave your car. I was also able to find a spot on the street within about a 5 minute walk from the hotel on Sat and parking is free all day on Sunday. So for our trip I only spent $30 in parking opposed to $112 if I parked at the hotel. A little bit more inconvenient, I agree. We also brought our bikes and rode them to all of the attractions. The Rock Creek Trail will take you to the zoo (north) and to the Lincoln Memorial (south). 
104926019	 First and foremost: this hotel is NOT in Georgetown. It is in Foggy Bottom, just outside of Georgetown, about a 5 minute walk over a parkway bridge to Georgetown-proper.<br/>Second, the rooms are relatively clean but small. Bathrooms - clean but small and the shower is tiny. TINY.<br/>Weeks before our arrival we had reserved two connecting rooms for one night. Two nights before we arrived we decided to stay longer so we extended the reservation online. When we arrived our original reservation had been &quot;cancelled&quot; and the extended reservation did not have the connecting rooms. There was little that the front desk person was willing to do until we asked to speak to the manager. They finally found us two connecting room but they were on the second floor overlooking the back parking lot. In addition, there is a police station/fire house right behind the hotel so we were woken up at 6 am every morning with ambulances/trucks backing up with the BEEP BEEP BEEP of emergency vehicles.<br/>I would not stay here again. 
103539145	 Loved our recent stay at the Georgetown Westin. We attended a wedding in DC and then returned to this hotel for the reception, which was beautifully done. Our room was more than adequate, and the Heavenly beds at the Westin are always grand. Wish they would give us regular blankets instead of comforters and duvets, but that's just personal preference. The food at the reception was amazing - and the bar (Dusk) was a delight - just the right setting. Housekeeping needed to pay a little more attention to the bathroom, but overall did a grand job. The real stars during our stay, however, were the doormen, concierge and bellmen. What incredible gentlemen. They went out of their way to suggest places to eat, give excellent directions, hail taxis for us -- they were delightful every single day. We especially appreciated Amadou, who was always friendly. We would love to return to this Westin. 
103336444	 This was a first rate hotel and staff that made that made my 4 week stay a first rate experience. The room/bathroom was clean and comfortable which made for a great recharge refuge at the end of the day. The front desk staff were pleasant; but the valets / bell captains were superb! Deenny and that team were reminiscent of a time I thought long past with professionalism, friendly &amp; polite greetings, care for our cars when parking and just made &quot;coming and going&quot; easy and familiar. I especially &quot;got a kick&quot; out of the whistles when someone needed a taxi - a view from the finest hotels..... 
102356896	 I particularly want to commend one of the doormen, Deenny, and one of the woman at the front desk, Katherine. Both of them are fantastic! 
142162451	 This property was easy to access from the Metro with a short and enjoyable walk. I was in the City for a quick meeting and found the Westin Georgetown to be a place to get a great night's sleep. I found several small restaurants nearby where I had a great lunch on the patio when I arrived.<br/><br/>The staff were warm and extremely helpful. Despite some reviews remarking that this property was a ways from the center city I found this to only be a minor inconvenience. I was able to walk to the memorial sites without overexertion. In the morning it was a very quick run down to the mall and access to everything. Don't let the location fool you. The staff is great, rooms clean and comfortable and if you don't want to walk the metro is barely a block away. 
141957265	 Went here for our anniversary and had a great time. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Valet service was quick. The room was a little small but king size bed and very comfy. The bathroom is very nice, love when the toilet is separate from the rest of the bathroom. Big tub and spa showers are a plus! I'm probably a little bias to this hotel considering this was our anniversary weekend and we also got engaged the first night we were there! 
141896429	 This was our 5th trip to DC in the past 6 months and obviously this is &quot;our&quot; hotel! With the exception of the first visit when we had a hard time getting an upgrade, we have been greeted warmly at check in and upgraded to lovely rooms/suites. The doormen and bellhops are friendly and always greet us by name with a smile. The renovations are complete and the new restaurant was beautiful. Unfortunately, we didn't have time to try it.<br/>Only very small gripe: wish they would put 2 robes in the room so we wouldn't have to ask. 
141755105	 What we liked were, in no particular order: 1. the comfy bed, 2. the bathrooms- large, beautifully appointed, 3. the attentive service (e.g.,I left a pair of trousers there- housekeeping notified security, and now my slacks are en route home- and, it was nice to have the staff welcome us home after a long day of traipsing in the city) 4. the new restaurant- reasonably priced, modern decor, and a gracious, earnest waiter, 5. the deli across the street, 6. the short walk to the GWU-Foggy Bottom station. 7. the workout facilty- two large rooms and the pool suitable for lap swim (but paint the ends!!) Our only complaint MIGHT have been the paucity of restaurants in the immediate neighborhood, but was alleviated by &quot;discovering&quot; the in-house restaurant mentioned above.<br/>Very much worth it, in my humble opinion. I'd go back. 
141423205	 I spent last summer visiting colleges with my wife &amp; son. The staff at The Westin Georgetown were very helpful and genuinely interested in making our stay delightful. Thank you Deenny for your useful local knowledge that helped us find great restaurants in the area.<br/>The Silva family 
141292066	 Recently stayed at the hotel for work. It is perfectly situated for visitors to the city - both for work, attractions and restaurants etc. The staff are without exception extremely welcoming and helpful - especially Deenny, who numerous times looked after getting me where I needed to be - and always with a smile! Thank you Deenny!!<br/>I would definitely stay here again. 
