214650647	 After deciding to stay in DC on a whim, we saw positive reviews for Savoy Suites on both booking.com and Tripadvisor. It was one of the more affordable hotels listed, so we gave it a try and boy, do we feel like we got our money's worth. The hotel staff could not have been more accommodating and when I checked in and said we had a king room (booked through booking.com) but would have liked a double at the same rate, they were happy to oblige. The room was clean, nicely appointed and had absolutely no &quot;ick&quot; factor. There was also a wonderful kitchen area (with sink, small fridge, microwave, counters/cabinets) that was a real happy surprise. The location is a bit far from the DC Mall/Monuments area, but it is definitely in the city and there are several nice restaurants within walking distance. I highly recommend<br/>this hotel for anyone wanting great value and a nice, clean hotel room while staying in the DC area. 
214576740	 The hotel lobby was nice and the stay was very friendly. The room was nice but the carpet could use replacing. It was very worn. We had a room on the 7th floor in the back and it was very quiet. I really loved the location. 
214571040	 Savoy Suites was the perfect choice to stay for American University graduation. It is very convenient--just around the corner from my son’s apartment. The rooms were well appointed and very comfortable. Our flight arrived early in the day, and we were able to check in early. Parking rates were $20 per day. 
214379742	 As a business traveler, I spend 100 nights per year in Washington DC. I always choose the Savoy Suites! I love their beds and I love their coffee. Saba, not only greets me at the front desk, she sees my stay always meets the high Savoy standards making my stays at the Savoy very pleasant. The housekeeping staff always provides me with an exceptionally clean room and are willing to work around my busy schedule to keep my room the way I like it. In my opinion the Savoy is the best value in Washington DC. 
214118304	 I will be back next time I'm in DC..the staff were just believably friendly. Really happy I stayed here. Clean room, enough space and great neighborhood. Thanks guys. I appreciate you. Only issue I had was the timing of the breakfast..I was here on vacation so no way I was waking up before 10am but everything else was perfect.. 
214090804	 I visited DC last week with my mom and one of her friends, I picked the hotel through an online discount provider and hoped that the reviews I read were honest--they were.<br/><br/>The hotel staff is extremely friendly and accommodating, whatever we asked, they were helpful and always unfailingly polite. <br/><br/>The facilities, although a bit older, were clean, comfortable and the beds were heaven to fall into after a long day of sightseeing. <br/><br/>The hotel restaurant and bar offered breakfast, lunch and dinner, but by walking down the street, there were many restaurants, grocery stores and a QVC that catered to whatever needs we had, so great location.<br/><br/>The only downside was that the Metro station was not easily accessible, but that was remedied by the shuttle bus that took us there in the mornings and picked us up at the Woodley Park station in the evenings. The drivers were incredibly nice, so it wasn't inconvenient at all, unless you need them mid-day or after 10 p.m. on the weekends and 8:30 p.m. on weekdays, when the shuttle doesn't run, then you'd have to take a $10 cab ride to the hotel. 
156154151	 I loved this lovely little boutique hotel. I chose to stay here rather than the more expensive conference hotel and am so happy I did. The manager gave me a room upgrade. All the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful. It was quiet. The room was nicely decorated and large. Free WiFi and a laptop exchange program. Free shuttle to the nearest Metro stop. A little refrigerator in the room. A Whole Foods and some decent restaurants down the street. I will definitely stay here again. 
156038732	 My family stayed here when I had my baby. They were given a hospital rate and a local rate because we live in the area. My dad was nervous about booking a room because he didn't know exactly when I would go in labor. The hotel staff were great, had his name on file, and made sure he got a room at his special rate when the time comes. I think they also have a shuttle service to some hospitals, although my family did not use this. The rooms looked nice. They loved their stay and loved being close to all the amenities in glover park. 
155919060	 Stayed at the Savoy Suites March 16 to 20, 2013 to attend a Road Scholar meeting and visit the DC sites. Hotel has been renovated and they did a superb job; rooms are big, bathrooms are huge with walk in shower, speedy elevators (with security features), and underground FREE parking, all for the low $200's. Bus line for easy access to downtown DC, the malls, etc and plenty of stops for Georgetown shopping.<br/><br/>Desk personnel were friendly, knowledgeable, and welcoming. When one walks in the door after shopping or whatever, they always said &quot;welcome Home&quot;, kind of a nice touch. The restaurant was pretty good, they had a lot of buffet items for breakfast, but regular menus also. Area was very handy;about a 15 minute walk to the National Cathedral, about five minutes to Georgetown restaurants, Whole Foods Market, Starbucks, CVS, etc Taxi to the Senate office building during morning rush hour was $20 for a half hour ride with no parking worries.<br/><br/>Summary, not a big name, but extremely nice hotel and a very good value for the DC area. 
155198192	 We stayed here for a week while our small middle school visited D.C. and had a great stay. The staff stands out because they were always really helpful and had a sense of humor (important when you're traveling with a group of teenagers). Breakfast was always quick and pleasant. The rooms were nice, good sheets, good food at the restaurant and a perfect location. We were able to walk to dinner every night. It's easy to recommend this hotel for any type of traveler. A big thanks for such a nice stay! 
155028532	 We stayed here one night while in town to see the sights in D.C. and chose Savoy Suites because it was the least expensive option in between D.C. &amp; Georgetown and a reasonable deal for D.C. I paid $246 including taxes, fees, and parking for a King Suite. The bathroom was spacious as was the room itself and included Tempurpedic mattresses which were surprisingly comfortable despite my hesitations. The room was very clean and the hotel was very quiet. Check-In went off without a hitch, and Vince had a lot of suggestions for food in the local area. We ended up taking his suggestion for The Dancing Crab which was an excellent suggestion. We were more than happy. There isn't much else to say about Savoy Suites, we had such a fantastic stay with them and we will definitely be back in the future! 
155021871	 We travel often to DC and have stayed at this hotel a few times -- usually when its rates are a little cheaper than where we usually stay. Part of the hotel is upgraded and very nice, but even the older rooms are not much to complain about. The beds are really comfortable, and, I don't know if it's the beds or the hotel's location, but my husband and I have not been awakened during the night. The location is pretty good. There's good bus transportation and a shuttle provided to the Metro. Restaurants, a drug store, etc. within an easy walk. There is a restaurant in the hotel, which we have not eaten in, but the bar is very nice and comfortable to relax in after a busy day. There's also the choice of the neighborhood restaurants. Security seems to be a priority with the management. Guests need to use their room card to use the elevator and get in and out of the garage. Parking used to be free, but we had to pay during our last visit. I don't know if that's a new added charge or was just in place for that weekend. We had no need for assistance from the staff, so I can't really speak to the level of service. We'll probably stay there again. 
218973334	 Definitely a wonderful place to stay! The staffs were very very nice and helpful. Rooms were big and clean. The hotel provided shuttle to the nearest metro station every 30 mins. There were a lot of nice restaurants right next to the hotel. It was a very pleasant stay.<br/><br/>The only down part was the WiFi. The signal was very weak, on and off all the time. Ended up using my own mobile data. <br/><br/>By the way, parking is $30 per day. 
218726532	 Great hotel with large rooms and great amenities. Hotel staff, specially Saba and Hafiza were very friendly. They made our 3 weeks stay very pleasant. Very good location in a safe area. I'll recommand it and stay again. 
218485890	 The night I stayed at this location was great. The staff greeted me warmly and the room was ready upon arrival. The only complaint I had was that the WiFi signal was not strong in my room. This hotel is in a great quiet location of DC. There is lots to see around the general area and not too far from the other popular sites of Washington. Great stay! 
218468522	 hotel staff was extremely accommodating, and friendly. Made the experience of obtaining a visa in DC much more pleasant. Had great parking and was only a short bus ride into the middle of DC. Area around the hotel was relaxed, safe and very pleasant... Will try to stay here every time from now on! 
218326935	 Although a bit out of town, Georgetown is a very pleasant area to look round with plenty of restaurants and shopping. Bus and Metro are convenient to get to DC.<br/>The hotel is clean and comfortable and has all the facilities you need. Car parking is reasonably priced.<br/>The staff are an asset to the Hotel.<br/>Would stay again. 
218020897	 The hotel and staff were great, especially a young lady at the front desk named Asiavon. She was very helpful the whole time we were there and made us feel special. All of the staff were like that and could not have been more accommodating. The only negative thing was the restaurant staff had to manage the restaurant and the bar. I think they could do more business if they had staff readily available at both to serve. The staff that were there did a great job juggling the two but the bar needs the bartender's full attention. 
147016438	 We came into Washington a day early and got a room at the Savoy through Hotwire. The rooms were spacious, nicely appointed and very clean, with extremely comfortable beds. Free Internet and parking we appreciated and the hotel is an easy walk to a number of nice shops and restaurants. The hotwire booking meant we paid much less than the listed price - this was by far the best value/experience of our trip to Washington, we just wish we had more time to explore Georgetown. 
146997448	 Though this was my first stay at the Savoy, and it was for only one night, the way they treated me made me wonder if they had confused me with their best repeat guest. They provided for a delightful and relaxing stay. 
146928757	 A group of us were in town for a meeting and chose to stay at the Savoy Suites. Being close to Georgetown made it a convenient walk to a bevy of restaurants and shops. The room was fabulous with a mini kitchen that would have been great if we were staying for more than one night. The breakfast buffet was much better than expected. Overall, a great value in a great location. 
146787969	 Many good points for the location relative to our needs, for the assistance provided by staff, for the newly renovated bathroom, the spaciousness of the room, the presence of a refrigerator in the room, the parking which was included in the price in an area which is notorious for the shortage of street parking. Disappointing for the pillow linens, which bore the odor of hair oils and which suggested they had not been changed appropriately; disappointing for the failure to provide additional bottles of moisturizer &amp; conditioner when half-empty bottles were left on the bathroom counter top; disappointing for the absence of towel bars to hang wet towels after bathing (only one hook provided in shower stall). At over $150/night I feel the management could have done much better! 
146497152	 This hotel was perfect for us. A year earlier we stayed right off the Mall, which was nice, but parking was $45 per night and there weren't many places nearby to get food. I saw on Trip Advisor about the Whole Foods a couple of blocks from the Savoy and we went there several times. We appreciated the free parking and wifi and the very spacious room. The beds were super comfortable. The location worked great for us as we mostly were driving to visit family and friends or on one day we drove to downtown and parked in a garage there. I would absolutely stay here again. 
146407233	 I don't know why this hotel rates so high. As another reviewer said, it's average at best. The location is okay, but it is a brisk ten-minute walk to the busier parts of Georgetown. Parking is a nice to have, although if I had known about DC traffic I would have flown into Reagan and stuck with taxis. The people are usually friendly if somewhat ineffective. The heater didn't really work in my room, only getting up to about 60 degrees at full blast, and when I asked the front desk to send someone, nobody appeared for an hour. When he did show up, he seemed completely oblivious to the fact that I had on my down jacket and gloves, pointed to the thermostat that said &quot;78&quot; and insisted that it was warm because it said &quot;78&quot; and therefore must be warm. <br/><br/>Getting the front desk to call a cab was a complete fiasco. After braving the traffic once, I decided to leave my car in the garage and call the front desk to order a cab an hour in advance for 8:30am. I showed up downstairs at 8:28, didn't see a cab, and asked the front desk where the cab was. They waved vaguely outside, around the corner. So I walked out, looked around, nothing. Walked back in and told them there wasn't a cab. &quot;It's 8:31, you were late so he must have left.&quot; After I protested she shrugged and said, &quot;somebody else probably took it.&quot; The hotel did NOTHING to try to address this. I insisted they order another cab. They told me one was on its way but after ten minutes of waiting, still nothing. By now I know I'm going to be late for my meeting. No point driving either, because parking had taken so long the day before. The front desk finally told me they didn't think anyone would be coming because it's rush hour. They couldn't have told me this earlier???<br/><br/>By now you're wondering why I'm giving this hotel three stars, or any stars at all. Because there was a courtesy van driver watching all of this unfold, who stepped up to help when I asked if there was anything he could do. He couldn't deviate from his path between the hotel and the Metro station because of insurance reasons, but he did go out of his way to run an extra trip for me, understanding my desperation, chatting to me, dropping me off at the Metro and pointing to the direction for me to walk the rest of the way. I'm pretty sure he risked getting in trouble to do it, and I wish I could have thanked him properly.<br/><br/>I'm really sorry I didn't get this man's name. He was a hero that day - not for saving the situation but for giving me faith that somebody around there had any consideration for what happened to me. Thank you, courtesy van driver dude. 
187466521	 I am a frequent guest at this hotel. The front desk staff, and a woman named Antoinette in particular, is always warm and professional. It is staff like Antoinette that definitely keep us coming back. We do not find the restaurant staff to be as attentive as other staff. We generally dine elsewhere. Antoinette, if you read these reviews thank you for always making our stay enjoyable! 
187405738	 Where do I start? I made the mistake of booking a stay at another hotel in lieu of Savoy Suites this past weekend.... Needless to say, after one night (at the other hotel) I cancelled my stay and immediately booked my reservation with Savoy.<br/> <br/>It's felt like coming home. :-) The staff is always welcoming and professional. Ms. Saba and Ms. Hafiza remembered us from previous stays. Ms. Saba even remembered our room preference. We arrived a bit early and the staff was able to accommodate us. Every time that we visit, we receive exceptional service. There is a difference between people being polite and those who truly care. At Savoy, their service truly comes from the heart and it is reflected in everything that they do! Minutes away from wonderful shopping district. <br/><br/>Stop at Marvin's Tavern--the BEST hot cocoa I've had since I was a little girl. <br/><br/>For business, pleasure, or both--Savoy is the best kept hotel secret in DC! I've stayed in other hotels in DC but by far Savoy will always be my favorite. 
186834990	 We have stayed at this hotel many times, and recently booked a room for a friend who was visiting in November 2013. The staff, especially Antoinette, is always most helpful and accommodating - and they never forget us. We send all our friends who are visiting DC to the Savoy Suites. Great location, wonderful staff who go out of their way to help you, and reasonable rates. 
186821039	 This is a nice boutique hotel. The rooms were spacious and the bed comfortable. The ottoman and chair in my room had many stains and definitely was past needing cleaning. I also had an issue with the toilet. It appeared to not be firmly seated to the floor. Every time I sat on it, it made a loud clunk as it rocked forward an hit against the ceramic tile floor. Upon rising from the toilet, it made the same loud clunking noise, as it rocked to the back and hit the ceramic tile at the back of the toilet. I'm sure those in neighboring rooms and below were disturbed by the loud noises.<br/><br/>Also, housekeeping wasn't very thorough with cleaning. They left an obviously visible used Q-tip on the bathroom floor and dry bits of something on the bathroom counter. The heat/AC unit is a bit loud. <br/><br/>The staff was courteous and very helpful.<br/><br/>The high point of the stay was the food. I ordered linguine with shrimp/spinach/tomatoes and it was very tasty. The sauce was light and flavorful. I'd definitely order this dish again and again. I also ordered the bread pudding w/ice cream. The bread pudding was like an individual bread pudding baked in a muffin tin. The outside of the muffin-like pudding was burnt, but covered in ice cream. So, I didn't notice the burnt outside, but I sure did taste it. Otherwise, it was a satisfying dessert. 
186817123	 A great place to stay, Friendly Staff especially Ryan at the Front Desk, Helpful and Professional. The rooms are nice, clean and comfortable. Great Value, Shuttle Service is helpful. <br/><br/>The Breakfast is a glorified continental breakfast and they charge $15.00. Poor service and very unattentive. Go eat somewhere else. 
186778099	 I can't say enough about this lovely boutique hotel. From the time i walk into the lobby and get greeted by Jordan or Ryan or someone at the desk with a 'SO NICE TO HAVE YOU BACK WITH US.&quot; It makes the beginning of my stay even more enjoyable. The rooms are always clean, and if needed, never a wait for an extra amenity to be brought by. What i really like is the underground parking available along with a key needed to go up the elevator. We usually have at least one breakfast there and always a stop at the bar for cocktails. Francisca is a happy guy, that will even give you snacks without feeling obligated to buy a drink. Having to be in the D.C. area often, we usually average 4 or 5 stays per year. Sales manager, Joann Sipe, has been beyond helpful when having to book multiple rooms, which is many times in a year. So make it easy on yourself <br/>and go have a nice stay! 
232977135	 We have now stayed 3 times at Savoy Suites, originally because of its proximity to our son's apartment. But he has moved, and it is less well located for us, but still we stayed here. The beds are tempurpedic and are fantastically comfortable. The rooms are spotless. Although it is easy to drive from the hotel to downtown DC or tourist sites, it is in a quiet neighborhood with shops and restaurants in walking distance. <br/>The staff is unfailingly helpful and each time we stayed, we had very good rates on the room and on parking. We were very happy at this hotel. 
232956276	 I live just far enough away from Washington that it is difficult to drive home after a long day or evening event. I decided to try the Savoy Suites because the price was reasonable and the location was perfect. I'm glad I did.<br/><br/>The room was very comfortable and clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. My room service breakfast was huge and good. Parking in the hotel is $30, but that is comparable to other local hotels. <br/><br/>I will be checking with them to see if there is a &quot;frequent stay&quot; discount so I can make them my &quot;go to&quot; hotel. 
232521135	 For the price (compared to everything else I saw in DC) it was good. The rooms were clean, the service was good - generally friendly and helpful e.g. Helping with printing/ taxis etc. <br/><br/>The wifi in our room wasn't really working unless you moved your device a particular way in a particular location. Clearly I don't rely on wifi to have a great holiday but it does make planning more difficult without it. <br/><br/>The room was really quite basic though relatively large, the bathroom was nice. <br/><br/>The location is just north of Georgetown. Some nice walkable restaurants but not that close by. The uni is well worth a visit - and the waterfront. Other than that the buses are reasonably easy to use and taxis not too pricey (especially uber)! 
232302771	 If you are in DC for a quick trip and want a convenient and inexpensive hotel at a good location, Savoy Suites may be the place for you. It simply is a bare bones experience with a restaurant and a bar. Rooms are ok size and clean but bathrooms small. Ours just had a shower. There is no mini bar and the mini fridge is empty(which is fine with me as I usually like to place my own snacks, fruits etc, in <br/>there). The entire hotel is non smoking but pets are allowed. Best part for me was the location, right in the middle of Georgetown neighborhood full of shops and a veary cozy part of DC. 
232268516	 This hotel was very clean and nice. The room I stayed in had a good view (I was on the front of the building). The employees was all super friendly, nice and helpful, especially Ryan. He answered all our questions and gave good travel advice. 
232215435	 The staff were very friendly and helpful. We had ordered things on the internet that were delivered to the hotel for us, they were great with not only keeping them safe for us, but also delivering them to our room. Of the 3 hotels that I stayed at during our visit, this was the most uncomfortable bed - the mattresses really need to be changed. There was nowhere for us to hang our towels so they ended up being changed everyday even though they ask you not to. I was a little dissapointed that the shuttle only went to very limited places and nowhere near the tourist attractions however there in a bus over the road that runs frequently. We did however have a problem when trying to catch the bus back at 10pm at night and ended up having to catch a taxi. 
147914895	 We are about to return to this hotel for our second visit this month. For a very inexpensive big-city hotel, with an extremely convenient location just outside of Georgetown, we found our first visit quite satisfactory. The hotel offers free parking, which is a huge amenity, and free wifi (although I found it quite annoying to have to log in every time after my iPad slept). The rooms are spacious, clean and well supplied, and the folks at the front desk are quite helpful. There is a restaurant on the premises, and a very nice breakfast is pretty inexpensive, again by big-city hotel standards. This hotel cannot compete with a Ritz Carlton for glitz or comfort, but for the price, it's quite a nice bargain. 
147833523	 Very comfortable room with free wi-fi and helpful caring staff to make the stay really enjoyable. Not near a metro stop, but Bus 32 and 36 are a 2 minute walk from the hotel and takes you to the Mall Museums and the Capitol. Just tell the bus driver where you want to get off. Hotel staff will give you a map of the area and mark the bus route for you. You can buy a smartcard for the bus from CVS pharmacy making the journey in and out of town very easy. We would highly recommend this hotel. 
147608018	 I stayed at this hotel because my client recommended it, and I found the price and the free parking to be a great value! The lobby and property are clean and upscale-feeling, but the garage is a little tight and quirky. My room had two queen beds, a flat-screen TV, open-glass shower, mini-fridge and coffee maker, and was quite large for just one guest. I found it comfortable and slept well. <br/><br/>If you're looking to be in the heart of Georgetown, then this isn't the hotel for you. However, the nearby restaurants seem convenient, and within easy walking distance. I would definitely stay here again if in this part of DC. 
147556987	 This hotel is far from perfect but may be the ideal hotel for a stay in D.C. I booked a room online at an exceptionally low price, similar to what you would expect to pay for a crummy old motel in the suburbs. For this price I got a very spacious room, FREE PARKING with unlimited in and out privileges (worth at least $30 per day in this area of DC), and a good location in a safe, upscale neighborhood within walking distance of shops and restaurant, and a shuttle ever 30 minutes to red line metro. If I had paid a lot, I would mention that it would have been nice to have a luggage rack in the room and paper and pencils near the phones for messages. And the room was ready for a redecorating but acceptable to me and far better than most typical chain motel type properties. But the value and the location cancel out such minor quibbles. Unless you are really picky you will like this hotel, especially if you get it at a good rate. 
147448019	 Hotel room is very nice. With a fridge and parking included it's great value and convenience. Location is great for going anywhere; good walking areas in neighborhood. Free wifi was fine on my personal Apple products but strength on work Blackberry and PC were too low to be usuable. Staff is helpful and efficient. I would stay again! 
147110844	 The title says it all.<br/><br/>Pros: <br/>it is priced reasonably.<br/>It also comes with free Wifi, fee parking.<br/>rooms have a dorm size refrig.<br/>it is very close to whole foods.<br/><br/>Neutral:<br/>Location. Good location. Close to GT and down town. but not in the middle of thing. you still need to drive or take a cab.<br/><br/>Negative:<br/>Bathroom are clean but cheaply renovated ( ikea style), shower stall very small.<br/>Old loud AC/ Heating unit in each room. <br/>Hallway have a smell of old food( smells like left over kabob or currry).<br/><br/>Recommend for a couple of night if on a business trip. I would not stay here for leisure. 
91282281	 For several years we have spent our Christmas at The Savoy to attend services at the nearby Washington National Cathedral and other churches in Washington. We have chosen the The Savoy because of their secure underground parking and because of their nearby location to the Cathedral and that their restaurant is open during the holidays. We felt secure in getting the car from the garage in the basement and driving to covered parking in the Cathedral or valet service at other churches and returning, Our confirmation said &quot;complimentary parking,&quot; as usual. This year we made our reservation in Sepember, and were nnever told that the garage was closed for repairs until after we checked in. We were old there would be no valet service to the unsupervised, unlighted parking lot located 3 long blocks away. There wasn't time to find another hotel; so we stayed one night, but was frightened (two elderly people) walking alone into a dark, unsupervised lot. The next morning we checked out, and are not sure we will ever stay there again. The toilet also needed repairs. What has happened to this fine, old dependable Place? 
91138191	 I called the hotel on the train from NY to DC during the blizzard to arrange the FREE shuttle service to pick us up from Union Station. They told me the shuttle does not run between 10am and 4pm daily which it was never mention in their web site. we felt it was misleading and led us to book the hotel since we thought the transportation will not be a problem. The clerks were not friendly when we mentioned it. The room was very noisy from the street even on 4th floor. They were also doing construction in their garage during the day and adds more noises on top of that. One morning they started around 8:30 and I thought it was unacceptable. It is pretty far from Dulles airport. It is not a busy hotel. I guess everyone knew it is not a good place to stay. I will not stay there again. 
89746366	 I have two major beefs with this hotel. First, upon arriving late in the evening, I was informed by the desk staff that I would not be able to park in the hotel garage and that the &quot;Free Parking&quot; advertised as part of the deal was a tenth of a mile walk/drive away from the hotel in what turned out to be an unsupervised and unlighted lot.<br/><br/>The next morning I found out part of why I couldn't stay in the garage when jackhammering (Yes, jackhammering!) began promptly at 9 a.m. and continued unabated until I and my spouse left for our daily business. Apparently, this was part of a major reconstruct of the garage facilities which wasn't mentioned by Priceline where I booked the rate.<br/><br/>Add to this a non-working outlet on the room's worktable and mildew on the bathroom tiles and you can sum up the experience that this was arate that seemd too good to be true ...and it was!<br/><br/>It's a shame really, the location is fairly good if you don't mind some walking and the beds are truly comfortable when the hotel isn't being jackhammered. 
89459957	 I've stayed at this hotel twice in the past 2 months. <br/><br/>POSITIVES: <br/>In a nice area with plenty of restaurants, stores, a gym, a Whole Foods, and a Starbucks within walking distance. <br/>Free parking in a secure underground garage. <br/>Staff is very pleasant. <br/>Elevators to guest rooms require key card access so I felt quite safe. <br/>Comfortable beds<br/>Bath products are great.<br/>They have a TON of TV channels. <br/>Rooms w/kitchenette available.<br/><br/>NEUTRAL: <br/>On-site restaurant was a little too fancy for my taste, though to be fair, I didn't eat there so the food might be quite good if the menu is to your liking. <br/><br/>Located on a busy street (Wisconsin Ave NW). If your room faces the street, be prepared for traffic noise. If you are a light sleeper, this could be problematic as there is a decent flow of traffic throughout the night.<br/><br/>NEGATIVES: <br/>The heating/cooling is basically on or off. There is no programmable thermostat so there is no way to control the level of heat or AC. There were times during each of my stays where I went to bed with the heat on only to wake up in the middle of the night because it was so hot. My only relief was to turn the heat off which meant that later I'd wake up freezing and have to turn it back on.<br/><br/>They are currently renovating the garage which presents 2 problems: 1) parking is quite limited (approx 10-12 spaces) and 2) if you are there while they are working, it is EXTREMELY LOUD. On several occasions, I had to turn up the volume on my TV to hear it over the jack-hammering and practically yell when speaking on the phone.<br/><br/>The rooms have large windows which are covered only by sheer curtains which presents 2 problems: 1) If I can see people walking on the street and in the building across the street through the sheer curtains, I'm guessing they can see me while I change clothes, walk around, etc. Not a good feeling. 2) No blackout curtains means a good amount of light in the room at night. During 1 of my 2 visits, my room was facing Wisconsin Ave and was next to one of the building's light fixtures so there was a LOT of light in my room after dark. I don't need total darkness to sleep and can even sleep w/a TV on, but the amount of light from the window was excessive even for me. No chance of sleeping in after sunrise in these rooms.<br/><br/>I have 1 more trip to DC in the near future and have reservations at the Savoy. After my most recent trip, however, the negatives (most specifically the heat/AC issue) outweighed the positives and I've decided to book elsewhere, even though it will cost more. If the Savoy were to rectify the issues I've listed above, I wouldn't hesitate to stay there every time I return to the area and would recommend it to others. For now, however, the negatives are deal-breakers for me. 
86277677	 The hotel is located in Georgetown which is a little out of town centre. However the room was very comfortable and the location was offset by the good service offered by the hotel. A shuttle bus would drop you at the nearest underground station and pick you up from there on demand. The room was comfortable but the bathroom a little pokey. Nonetheless it was well serviced and clean. The bed was great! The only negative was the waiter in the restaurant on our first night - we felt rushed and certainly did not get service equal to the rest of the hotel. We would stay here again and have already recommended it to others. We stayed on a recommendation. 
84492225	 We enjoyed staying at Savoy. The men at the front desk were extremely helpful. Good to have free parking. The room was great. They had a great kitchen area. Security was good, felt like a safe area to be in. Really good places to eat within walking distance. Public transportation was conveneint for going to visit D.C. 
200342976	 Traveled with a group of Friends during 1st week of April for Cherry Blossom Festival.<br/>We got a great deal through booking.com. Great location in Georgetown neighborhood, across the street from bus # 32, 34 &amp; 36 that would take you to The Monuments Station, next to White House. The hotel is across the street from a strip of little cute restaurants, shops and breakfast places, food choice was great. Enjoyed walking around and exploring the neighborhood.<br/>Also the hotel is 5 min car ride from Georgetown Univ campus- a must see!<br/><br/>The room was impeccable, the mattress are worth mentioning are Tempur-Pedic and provided one the best sleeping quality I have ever had in a hotel. Cotton bed sheets.<br/><br/>We used the garage-$ 20 per night surcharge, stress free. 
199969571	 My family and I just stayed at the Savoy Suites for 4 nights. Purpose of trip: My wife and 7 month old son had an appointment at the Russian embassy while I had some meetings down in Ballston. <br/><br/>Assessment: First, I would say that for anyone going to the Russian embassy that this hotel can't be beaten. The embassy is basically right across the street. It is a 5 minute walk to the Tunlaw entrance, which is around the corner. Next, i was concerned from other past reviews that there might be issues with noise or perhaps with the climate control. I have to say that none of these things turned out to be a problem. While one could hear traffic from Wisconsin Ave -I could barely hear any of the other guests. This was a relief since I was simultaneously worried that our son might wake up other guests if he started crying during the night. Regarding the temperature -this was not an issue for us. the room was quite comfortable and quite pleasant. <br/><br/>Food: Like the other reviews have stated, there are plenty of restaurants down Wisconsin. Personally, we went to Whole Foods which again, is just down the road -perhaps a 7-10 minute walk.<br/><br/>Accessibility: So I had some business down in Ballston. I therefore had to use both taxis and public transportation. Here is the rundown on that. First, there is no metro stop in Georgetown where the hotel is located. To get to the nearest metro station, you can take the hotel's shuttle which I believe takes you to the Woodley Park/Zoo/red line stop. I personally walked to this station. It's something of a 20-30 minute walk depending on how fast you go. For anyone who travels a lot this is not a big deal and the walk goes through some nice neighborhoods. Next, from the taxi perspective -the cost is quite reasonable. Expect fares on the order of $15-20. I took a taxi back from Ballston and this is the approximate cost without tip. This distance is basically the distance from the airport (National) to the hotel. The only issue I see with taking the taxi is that traffic on M street in Georgetown (main thoroughfare) can be brutal. Expect a lot of traffic on Wisconsin as well. However, I didn't feel this was a huge issue -perhaps just for the taxi driver who has to navigate this.<br/><br/>Summary: Overall I would say that my experience at the Savoy was very pleasant. I enjoyed the staff's hospitality. The room was comfortable, clean and relaxing. We felt welcome and despite having a 7 month old son with us never felt this was an issue while at the hotel. I therefore rate the hotel and its staff quite highly. I would recommend this place to others and would definitely stay here again. 
199702944	 Good hotel staff very helpful location good on bus line to capital a bit quirky with the refrigerator in the closet with the coffee pot. shuttle service is good between metro and hospital although the hours are limited. 
199382182	 We just returned from a week in DC. We absolutely loved this hotel. The location was great, we walked to Einstein Bagels every morning, about 5 min walk. There is also CVS and a Whole Foods 5 minutes away. A taxi to all the museums is about $20 from this hotel. We can't say enough about the hotel staff. The even offered to heat up our left over pizza one night. Great trip, I would recommend this hotel and will stay here again. 
199378755	 We have stayed at the Savoy suites for 3 days. The service provided was great and the rooms were clean. The location of the hotel is perfect if you don't mind taking a taxi downtown. There were plenty of restaurants and stores in the area. 
199196350	 The suite we got had a kitchenette that did not have a table nor chairs to sit on. No exhaust so when you cook it's all over the room. Bed was too firm for my taste and the shower was a joke.<br/>The redeeming qualities would be location, some of the front desk are nice, there is a coin laundry on site, on site parking and housekeepers are nice. Still, no sofa chair in the room, just a desk, one chair and the bed and pls... The tv makes this AWFUL sound when turned off and on! Plays the gym makes the awful rolling sound like a construction demolition is going on from 7 am till 9 pm. 
162275624	 If you are a parent to a Georgetown student, the Savoy Suites Hotel should be on your shortlist. Convenient from Reagan Int'l Airport and close to the DC area. The rooms are comfortable. The breakfast was varied and reasonably priced. Lots of restaurants within walking distance. Go for it. 
162106086	 We spent the memorial day weekend here. The location was perfect for us. We took a long walk for exercise one day. One evening we walked the other direction and found a great choice<br/>of restaurants and bars. The rooms are large and comfortable, with a convenient extra sink and<br/>mini kitchen. The shower was excellent. Interesting difference in staff: On check-in Friday night, the staff were wonderful and deserve accolades on their friendliness and willingness to<br/>accommodate. The staff on Sunday morning were the opposite -- not particularly friendly, at <br/>times rude, unaccommodating, and unhelpful.<br/>As to parking, use your smaller vehicle because the spaces are tight. The garage is convenient in that it is directly below the hotel and you use the same elevator. I recommend going down to <br/>G3 level because more spaces are available and you are going to take the elevator anyway. 
161970247	 The staff were superb, without exception. The restaurant had delicious food at a fair price. The hotel is located two blocks from a bus stop which brought us straight into several stops in downtown D.C. They staff even gave us change in exchange for paper bills so we'd have exact change for the bus! The rooms were spacious, clean and comfortable. The room we had had a kitchen center with a stove top, dishes, silverware, pots/pans and fridge. We were able to prepare a few meals in the room which saved money. A grocery store is located a few blocks away. We would stay here again and would recommend it to all of our friends and family. 
161728403	 Great staff. The front desk staff and shuttle driver were courteous and helpful. Best of all was watching them interact with other patrons - consistently offering the same level of care/attention to all. <br/><br/>I was there for a conference and everyone was accommodating - assisting the presenters with the technology, distributing materials to tables between sessions, refreshing snacks throughout the two day session. Wonderful!<br/><br/>Loved the safety feature - no elevator access to the floors w/o your room key. <br/><br/>Also, the location was wonderful - so close to the National Cathedral and many eateries (walking back up the hill may not be for everyone, but the buses run on time and at only $1.80 - it's a bargain). Whole Foods is not far, we picked up snacks and kept them on hand - the kitchenette was perfect. Also, try the Bánh mì at Sprigs and Sprout (.2 miles away) - yum and affordable (also, delicious bubble tea). 
161654922	 I stayed in Georgetown and decided to stay here as I got a great deal....they truly gave 5 star service though. They I arrived much earlier than I anticipated, it was no problem...they let me check in several hours early. The rooms were spacious and the beds were great. We slept like a dream. The bathrooms were great, newly renovated. The rooms were immaculate. The bar was great, very friendly bartenders - and the drinks are well worth the price (no watered down drinks!! LOL, nice, strong ones!) and enjoyed the patio at night. We had breakfast there the next morning and it was wonderful, definitely worth the $14.95/pp. We left very full and it was a great deal for the area. It was so close to everything, we stayed in Georgetown for the first day and headed downtown the second day... When we checked out, they even held our luggage until we went to the airport so we didn't have to lug it around with us for the day, since we were walking. I would definitely stay here again. <br/><br/>One of the best things is, there were no hidden fees &amp; no last minute charges. 
161335581	 I was attending an event at American University, which has no hotels nearby. Savoy is among the closest, and has good prices without any hint of being a &quot;budget hotel&quot;. The surprise bonus was the free shuttle bus that runs to American Univ., Georgetown Univ. and the Metro at Woodly Park. (The shuttle doesn't run all day, but for several hours around morning/afternoon rush.) City busses also run down Wisconsin Ave. right outside the door. <br/><br/>The check-in was easy, the room was clean and plenty big for my business travel needs. Comfortable mattress and big TV. Newly renovated bathroom, plus a fridge and ironing board. Wireless Internet worked well and was fast enough. <br/><br/>All the staff was friendly, including the housekeepers I passed in the halls. I didn't try the bar. There were some good looking local restaurants nearby that I'm sorry I didn't have a chance to try. It was nice to walk in the evenings around the lush green neighborhoods, the embassies and Naval Observatory. <br/><br/>I would happily stay again. If you plan to come and only ride the Metro, or only see the monuments this may not be the place for you. If you have business in Northwest, this is a great choice. Stay here and you'll feel pampered without feeling exploited. 
167589961	 If you're looking at hotels in this price range, choose the Savoy Suites with no fear -- it's safe, clean, well-maintained and comfortable. The rooms and facilities are perfectly fine/nice. It's in a good neighborhood, a little off the beaten path (across the street from the Russian Embassy!) but there's an active bus stop a block away, plus hotel shuttle service to a Metro station. The $20 parking per night in their safe, clean garage comes with complete in/out-access and is cheaper than many places. The staff was extremely courteous and helpful. I wish they'd had continental breakfast; their breakfast buffet was a little pricey, but other than that, the Savoy Suites was a great choice for our family trip -- for the price, nothing else came close! 
167460081	 My husband and I recently took a last-minute business trip to DC. We wanted a hotel close to our meeting. The Savoy Suites was PERFECT! Great location. Staff was amazingly friendly, especially the lady early in the morning. The room and bathroom were clean. Some people posted their rooms were humid but that's normal with most hotels that do not run the AC in the rooms consistently. I will stay here again and recommend it to family and friends. 
167457136	 Ok-so I got a good deal on a travel site and my boyfriend and I got the free upgrade to room on the 8th floor with a Jacuzzi....room 813 to be exact...well---what happened was there's a $20.00 charge for parking per night in their parking garage under the hotel. Then--when you turn the dial on the wall to get the jet streams to go-then the power goes out in the room except for the bathroom. So-no TV, no jet streams going on the Jacuzzi, just a big warm tub and a maintenance guy who has to knock on your door and your neighbor's door to find out where the fuse box thing is....the management gave us free breakfast comp or you would be paying an extra $14 bucks for breakfast (each). I think for staying in an expensive hotel not to have had electric for a good portion of the night and a non working Jacuzzi----they could have compensated more. If I had paid full price I would have been irate. The view from the room I will say is stunning. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The mini fridge is in the clothes closet. I thought that was strange. Room 813 people---beware! Or bring a squirrel on a wheel to generate your own electricity..... 
167456844	 We stayed one night during a road trip. In order to maximise our time in Washington, we arrived early in the morning and were able to park our car included in the $20 per night car park fee. The room was well equipped, comfortable and quiet. While they offer a shuttle to the metro station, we found the buses were excellent and the stops were very close to the hotel. 
167117689	 Rooms not the cleanest..carpet and upholstery need updating. Really needs a business center area. Outdoor deck was nice. Friendly accomodating staff. Close to whole foods. Restaurant breakfast left much to be desired..undercooked eggs. Lunched were ok. The AC unit just pulled in and cooled the humid air. Made it difficult to sleep. 
167066759	 Anybody who has stayed at the Savoy Suites Hotel in Georgetown, realizes that out the window is the best view of DC, bar none. The room is very fine and classy, while being understated. They need to work a couple things out.<br/><br/>First, they have a European style dropoff area for unloading, what I mean is you circle it clockwise. Got a call from the desk and she said somebody almost hit my car parked out there. The reason they almost hit is nobody in Amer. expects to drive in that way, so they are plus confused as they are doing it.<br/><br/>At checkout I was savvy, and went the correct (nontraditional) way out, and almost hit a taxi cab coming in, who expecte to come in the correct - by America's standards - counterclockwise direction. He was confused. All they need to do is to change the sign that says Exit. That's it, so they should do that FOR SURE before somebody gets hit.<br/><br/>Even though I quite lliked my lodgings there, and would stay again, one further comment. I asked for late checkout. They said 1pm, reluctantly. But they did grant it. However later, when I asked can I leave my car for an hour and a half to eat (this is Sunday, after checkout), they said they would charge me another $20 if I did - i.e. for a second day of parking. I thought, OK, they need me to get out so other people can park there.<br/><br/>But then it hit me, its Sunday! Who is checking in on Sunday? That doesn't make sense. Then later I inspected their parking lot. I was (just about) the only car there. There is no earthly reason why they couldn't let me park there for an hour or so. I mean, it was a ghost town. I would say they were woefully unresponsive to my request.<br/><br/>So I parked at the grocery just down the street.<br/><br/>Would stay here again, but guess I'll just have to get up early if I do? PS, its very affordable. 
117768244	 Love it, love it, love it! I knew from the moment I walked in the front door that this was going to be one of my best hotel stays. Much appreciation to the staff at the front desk, specifically Cassandra and Naomi, who made me feel like this was my home away from home! Not only was I welcomed with a friendly smile and a positive atmosphere, but your staff also helped me locate the best ways to travel to the places I wanted to visit. I enjoyed every moment of my stay here and definitely WILL be back again! Thanks for magical memories, Savoy Suite! 
117679059	 I'm trying to figure out who owns this place. It seems to be on a one-way ride to bankruptcy. Zombies work here. They can't look one in the eye. They can't clean a room. They can't even come up with a reasonable excuse. Apparently the manager spends most of his time on the computer responding to reviews. He sure isn't managing the staff. <br/>Mold and dust balls hanging from the ceiling are a deal breaker. <br/>Clean glasses and soap are pretty much requirements; too bad they can't seem to pull that off. Having to go down every evening to the front desk for soap and to the bar for glasses, gets old, but it's how this place works. 
117563127	 Friendly staff<br/>Comfortable room<br/>Very pretty area 
117519057	 Pulled up in my standard Toyota pickup truck and was informed that it was too high for the garage. We had to park in an a lot two blocks away down a dark unlit street in an equally unlit and dark lot, belonging to a rec center that may or may not tow the truck. Staff is disinterested and doesn't seem to have any interest in hospitality. Looking up when one enters the lobby at night might be nice. Find a better place and park your car at National Airport and take the Metro in to town. 
117325172	 We have stayed here 2 or 3 times a year for the past 4 years. They have free parking, and a special lot for over-sized SUV's. The rooms are very clean, service is exceptional. Beds and pillows are comfortable. Great location, walk to Whole Foods, Kavanaughs's for good pizza, shuttle service, discount for American University. Seems like a lot of airline people stay here. Great location. Cant say enough good things about it. 
117278043	 The location of this hotel cannot be beat. Convenient to American and Georgetown Universities as well as shopping in Georgetown and Friendship Heights and sights like the National Cathedral and Monuments our family loved the Savoy. The hotel also offers a parking garage since we found we didnt need to do much driving in DC during our stay. The beds were huge and so were the rooms which was great since we have a family of 5 and didn't have to spring for an additional room for a change. We stayed here primarily for AU's Graduation which was a great choice since we needed to be on campus for 8AM and the Savoy was less than 10 minutes away. <br/><br/>Loved the view from our room too-- we could see the Capital and Monuments which made for a very Washingtonian Experience! This gem is definitely our new top choice for trips to DC. 
208838404	 We stayed at the Savoy 3 years ago when my daughter was in DC for an internship. It was a wonderful experience and I hoped to return again. This past weekend we moved my daughter to DC and stayed at the Savoy. The staff is simply amazing, the location perfect and the rooms are great. I strongly advise this hotel as a great place to stay when in DC. We will be back and often. 
208743642	 The rooms are nice and the beds are very comfortable. The parking is a little pricey but your car will be safe at least. I brought my family to this hotel and enjoyed our stay very much. Now to the most important part. We had the Honor, and I mean honor to meet Ryan Saunders who is the Guest Service Supervisor. He was so polite and did everything in his power to make our stay fun and enjoyable. Thank You Ryan! 
208704512	 My grandmother, mother and I stayed here for just a couple nights as I completed business at the Finnish Embassy. The hotel was a 5 minute walk from where I needed to go and the shuttle made it possible for us to easily get to the metro and travel downtown. The staff was great and even called our room to answer a question I had asked upon check in. Overall, we were quite pleased with our stay and would definitely stay here again. 
208702254	 Fair price clean hotel have a nice breakfast buffet, and a decent bar,very friendly staff. Ask for Ryan Saunders at the front desk very helpful. Their in a good location to get the big bus tour which was great. 
208046343	 We have stayed at the Savoy Suites many times over the past three years as it is near my daughter's home in Cleveland Park. The rooms are clean and roomy, the service is excellent. We love to be able to get a cup of coffee early in the morning and bring it back to the room, the breakfast buffet is great as are lunch and dinner. It is nice to have a &quot;last call&quot; drink at the bar when we return from visiting the grandchildren.<br/>From the front desk (Saba) to the dining room to the maid service the staff is pleasant and eager to assist. 
207923099	 We had a special rendez-vous for a commencement ceremony at Georgetown University and had never stayed in Georgetown proper. We decided to try the Savoy Suites after doing some research.<br/>It turned out to be an excellent choice. The location was walking distance to GU and with the standstill traffic that was important. The Savoy itself was most welcoming and offered to hold our luggage until we could check in at a later time. They even jumped in the conversation when French was spoken - very rare and appreciated!<br/>Upon arriving in our room, our luggage was delivered promptly by a gentleman that noticed we were missing a luggage bench. He quickly addressed that and disappeared discreetly. We had two rooms, both King size bed and our guests were pleased with their arrangement. So were we, the rooms were comfortable and clean. Our room had a lovely view onto a terrace and garden while our guests looked out to Wisconsin Ave.<br/>We stayed two days and throughout there were no noise issues and we slept very nicely.<br/>The morning of our departure was handled with efficiency and professionalism. We were free to go in no time. We got our car out of the on-site garage and off we went. The Savoy Suites made our &quot;logistic filled&quot; trip easy and relaxing. Thank you! 
180469592	 I spent one night her on a recent trip. It was one of the least expensive hotels I could find in Georgetown area. It was well worth the price. it has great restaurants in the area, grocery stores, all you could need. Staff was very friendly and helpful. I'd use this location again. 
180364571	 Stayed for 2 nights at the Savoy Suite for pleasure trip to Washington DC. There were no negatives with this hotel. All staff were friendly and helpful and consistently pleasant. The front desk staff were exceedingly friendly and helpful. We particularly enjoyed the enthusiasm of Jordan, who works the front desk. Fine dining experience in your restaurant and the suite itself was spacious and had all the amenities required. Would certainly recommend this hotel to others. At no time did we feel unsafe in the areas we visited . 
180323951	 Stayed here Oct 2013 for a few nights for a family excursion. Shuttle driver (to get to the Metro) is GREAT (make sure to tip him). Very personable and informative. Willing to share his local knowledge. Most of the front desk staff is very welcoming. The only thing I would have liked was some complimentary morning coffee in the lobby, but there is coffee and coffee maker in the room. Decent restaurants nearby. I'd readily recommend this place. 
180233806	 My travel agent suggested the savoy in DC for a get away week end , and I am glad she did , it's not centrally located but there is a garage if you are driving and I believe a shuttle service to the metro , staff was polite and helpful , but the highlight of our stay was the Sunday brunch that we didn't even know about , until we heard the wonderful jazz duo from the lobby , everything from the gracious gentleman at the door that did help us get a table without a reservation to the friendly servers , and the multiple choices on the buffet , the flowing mimosas made our day !! We will be back to the savoy and to their lovely brunch .... 
180105725	 OMG, we stayed here for a full week. Me, my mom and my daughter. It was the best. The service was awesome and the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. We were in walking distance to the National Cathedral. There are plenty of places to eat and hang out just steps from the hotel door. The staff definitely made us feel like we were at home. The next time I go back I will be staying here. 
179946300	 Wonderful Sunday brunch, great and free-flowing mimosas! Great waffles and omelets. Rooms are clean, comfortable, though not spectacular. The view of Washington and the National Mall is very nice. The staff were very helpful. 
114747423	 Reception staff were okay but could have been friendlier. Hotel room was great - 2 queen beds and very comfortable and spacious room. The A/C was a little noisy to run during the night and if you opened the window you got a bit of noise outside which made it a little difficult but otherwise it was good.<br/>Went to the dining room for dinner and breakfast and was pleased with the choice and price. Restaurant staff were good. We are a retired couple from Australia and are more than happy to recommend this hotel. 
114736468	 I have traveled globbably on business, and not experienced a team more intent on pleasing its customers. The service orientation was extensive from the maintenance man in the basement garage to the manager on duty.<br/><br/>Priced right, as advertised, and pleasing staff. 
114529286	 I can't say enough about the savoy suites. Great location, great staff, you name it, it has it. Stayed 4 nights at grand hyatt before savoy and hyatt was a dump in comparison. Free wifi, free parking, free shuttle to metro, huge room, big fridge, free microwave. Very clean and well kept. 
114108131	 There were many positive qualities of the Savoy Suites. For one, free shuttle service to the nearest metro rail station is provided every morning and afternoon. Also, free parking and complimentary membership to the Washington Sports Club are given to every customer ( a nice plus). The restaurant on the first floor serves absolutely delicious food. My grandmother and I shared a mouthwatering linguini dish with a brandy manhatten. However, my grandmother told the bartender that the manhatten wasn't sweet enough, and the bartender took the drink off of the bill. If anything, the service at the Savoy Sweets is the most spectacular quality of the hotel. The front desk was more than polite. The shuttle driver that provided free shuttle drives to the metro station paid for my grandmother and I's breakfast one morning. The only problem my grandmother and I had with our room was the broken safe that wouldn't lock. We called the front desk, and had 3 repairmen sent to our room. Within 30 minutes and a few new safe doors, the safe was fixed, and my grandmother and I were on our way. In contrast to all of the wonderful things I've said about this hotel, it's distance from the inner city is a transportation difficulty. It does take a little bit longer to reach the popular destinations of Washington D.C., but I don't think this outweighs the pros of the Savoy Suites. The hotel room was lovely and clean. The price was fairly good. 
113985116	 The Savoy Suites puts you right in Georgetown! There are shops and restaurants within walking distance, including TLC's Georgetown Cupcakes (aka DC Cupcakes). The staff at the Savoy Suites made this DC experience the best one ever. Shuttle service to/from the Metro is available...we also got assistance on how to take the MetroBus (routes, stops, etc.). I recommend the Savoy to everyone, individuals and families alike. I'd definitely stay there again! 
113939554	 Did not want to pay downtown prices and this was perfect. Very large room with 2 very comfortable beds. Liked the 20% off on the onsite restaurant. Good location with many good resstaurants within a couple of blocks. Liked the neighborly feel. Hotel has free shuttle to the metro. The hotel has been very nicely refurbished. Free internet too. 
149888274	 We chose this hotel for the price because our government budget requires that we select the least expensive but reasonable hotel. This definitely fit our needs. The staff was nice, the rooms were very clean, the beds were comfortable, and the shower had good water pressure and an adjustable flow. The location is very convenient... close to FedEx (which we needed), several cafes, pizza, etc. It's at the edge of a very nice residential neighborhood, and the street is busy enough that you can easily catch a bus or taxi. The in-house restaurant is small but adequate for the hotel's size, and the staff was friendly. I appreciated that the elevator required a room-key swipe before you could activate the buttons. There's an in-room safe and refrigerator. Making coffee was difficult because you have to balance the maker on the edge of the sink.<br/><br/>On the down side, the walls are thin. Or maybe it was just in my room. I could hear the couple next door (how shall I put it) engaged in intimate acts every night. And it isn't even that they were abnormally loud. I just tried to ignore it, but I don't know how a family with small children would have handled it. Also, there is only a hand-towel rack in the bathroom, so I had no way to hang my bath towel. The shower enclosure goes all the way to the ceiling, so I couldn't even throw the towel over the top. 
149358101	 Nice , comfortable and clean hotel , nice area , accesible by bus or car to downtown , near embassy row , lots of local places , and most important to us , excellent staff right from front desk to everybody. Will definetly come back again. 
149288769	 We started out by being given a room that we found was already occupied....opps! The person at the front desk was very apologetic and took care of getting us another room right away, and even called us in our room later on to apologize again and see if our room was satisfactory, which it was. Our only complaint was poor relatively low water pressure in the shower, but it was not a big problem. The room was very clean and the bed was nice. Parking is a bit quirky (small underground lot) but we did not have to pay extra to park and it appeared very secure and safe. We did not eat there so I don't know about the food, etc. The hotel is close to the National Cathederal and was in a nice and perfect location for our needs, very accessible to downtown as well. 
149125486	 My wife and I stayed at the suites for one night. it was our first time staying at a Washington DC hotel. The wife love the hotel it was a surprise trip to DC. for her birthday. The room was excellent and the price was great. Love the fact that the hotel had a parking garage. The king size room had a hot tub in the room. The breakfast in the morning was gteT. 
149032845	 My husband and I stayed at Savoy Suites during his bone marrow donation procedure last week. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. Upon arriving, the hotel staff was welcoming and extremely helpful. My husband had to be at the hospital 30 minutes before the hotel shuttle began running. Karim, the hotel driver, offered to drive us instead of us having to catch a cab. He showed up 6 o'clock that morning, 30 minutes earlier than his scheduled time to make sure we made it! He also checked on my husband's progress as well as the rest of the hotel staff. David, the hotel manager, Asiavon, Saba, Tiffany, and Karim went above and beyond our expectations and treated us like family! Thank you for making our stay in DC a wonderful experience and thank you for all of your hard work! Y'all are awesome!!<br/>The Meeks Family 
148701085	 I stayed at savoy suites with my family for 4 nights. The hotel rooms are huge and well maintained. The staff is excellent. Breakfast was great. Location of the hotel is very central. Lots of restaurants within walking distance, Totally recommend to everyone out there. They have free wi-fi with a very decent speed and also a free shuttle to the metro station. 
124379517	 Georgetown University booked a stay for me here earlier this week and I enjoyed my stay. The staff was very friendly, and although there were few amenities (no workout facility for instance), I would probably stay here again because of the location. It is Georgetown's upper village, there are nice restaurants and shops nearby, and it is a 25 minute walk to either M Street or the university. There is also a shuttle that goes on the half hour to the university, but the weather was lovely so I never took it. There are a number of hotels in Washington D.C. that claim to be &quot;suites&quot; but are really rehabilitated apartment buildings; this is one of them. My room, while very pleasant, was by no means a suite. The bed was extremely comfortable- with some memory foam on the mattress. The bathroom was clean and modern- with a glass walled shower rather than a tub. The room was quiet, even though it was right next to the elevator. The free wireless worked well. Breakfast was not included- I believe it was $11 for a nice looking buffet, but I chose to walk three blocks to the Whole Foods instead. There aren't very many places to stay in Georgetown, so if location is of prime concern I think this is a good choice. 
124368792	 I found Savoy Suites at the last minute on priceline.com, and it was a godsend: clean, comfortable, roomy, with helpful staff. I opened my eyes to see the rosy hue of dawn through my hotel window. After my stay, I made use of the free shuttle the hotel provides to a nearby metro station, which made my travel back home more relaxed. I will DEFINITELY stay at the Savoy Suites again when I'm in D.C. 
124365008	 I'm not sure anything I say here will be more than an echo of the rave reviews that precede mine. My father came to visit me here in Washington for just a night, and I suggested we check out Savoy Suites Hotel because of its street appeal, top-notch reviews, and the fact that it's right across the street from my cramped studio. My gosh, we loved this place. Ignore all nay-sayers that have posted thoughtless reviews about this gem.<br/><br/>Front desk folks, breakfast folks ($10 all you can eat buffet, what a delight!), even housekeeping-- all smiles, all so kind. I'm in the aviation industry and most of my colleagues are less than savory; as far as hospitality goes, this places knows exactly what it's doing.<br/><br/>The rooms are huge for a city constrained by space limitations. The beds gave me the best night's rest in a long, long time. Parking is free in the deck below ground-- a huge cost-saver. Finally, the hotel has a very visible eco-friendly mission. For those who find this important, this is the place to be.<br/><br/>The time with my dad was short and sweet. My thanks to the folks at Savoy that ensured things would be so nice for both of us. 
124364123	 After trying to book for a late March Conference at the Marriott Wardman Park or at the Omni Shoreham I was unable to get entire length of stay. I was scrambling for a room and called 19 hotels and even ended up inside the beltway 7 miles away, looking but no one had space for under $270-$479.00 a nite. I called the concierge at one of the larger hotels and she mentioned a Boutique property about a mile away from the ASA host hotel. <br/><br/>I called reservations, they provided me with a preferred conference rate and were exceptionally accommodating on every level. They have a first class workout facility just down the street, a shuttle bus taking me to the ASA Host Hotel,, WIFI service all complimentary. The Whole Foods is just a block away so I upgraded to a kitchenette. They were incredible in every way and I have not even checked in yet. <br/><br/>It feels like I am going home to the Savoy in Washington DC and I am looking forward to my stay. That type of service is usually reserved for Five Star Hotels, so I am giving the true hospitality of the Savoy Team &quot;SIX&quot; stars.They made me feel right at home and that I made the right choice for the ASA Conference. 
124212092	 I rank Savoy Suites a 10 out of 10. My family stayed at this hotel for 2 nights, while visiting the Washington, D.C. area and couldn't have been more thrilled with the accommodations. <br/><br/>The room was clean, spacious, and the interior design was modern and up to date. <br/><br/>We had two queens beds. My husband was so comfortable, he inquired about the make and model of the mattress. We slept well. <br/><br/>The bathroom is exquisite. Plenty of lush towels. The hotel is a proud &quot;green&quot; facility. Even it's soap is missing the middle to avoid waste. Our kids has fun taking a shower with the &quot;green&quot; soap.<br/><br/>From our room, we had a fantastic view of the city, including the Washington Monument. <br/><br/>Besides the room itself, I must commend the staff. Every person/employee I came in contact with was friendly and helpful. Let me tell you, it was a breath of fresh air. <br/><br/>We also enjoyed dining at Savoy Suites. Taking in coffee and the breakfast buffet each morning. Delicious.<br/><br/>The lobby is gorgeous. Parking garage is come and go as you wish. <br/><br/>I can say without a doubt, we will be booking reservations at Savoy Suites again.<br/><br/>Sincerely,<br/>the Johnson's 
124171149	 Just spent 4 nights and 3 days in Georgetown at the Savoy Suites hotel and was delighted with accommodations, service and especially, the free parking below the hotel which was in a very clean, well-lit, safe, and convenient to get in and out of with no no complications. The fridge was nice and TV big and modern. It was a great choice that pleased my wife and I completely for the price in our modest budget. I highly recommend it. There was a supermarket, liquor stores and many good places to eat within walking distance and it was close enough to the national mall to not have any gripe about cab fare or driving. We didn't try the public transportation but it's there too close by. 
213555509	 We spent 2 nights at this hotel as part of a long weekend. We had the top floor room with a view of the Washington Monument and Georgetown district. Room was clean, bathroom modern. Air conditioning was a little loud but so we turned it off and had the windows open. Check-in and staff were very helpful. There are a few bars and restaurants close by within a few mins walk. We caught the public bus into the main tourist areas (took around 20 mins). Overall, really good value, and parking was relatively cheap at $20 per night. 
213392790	 Always find when I am there that the staff is very friendly and helpful. In particular, really appreciated the assistance of Saba when I was awaiting a package to be delivered... thanks! (The only challenge came from the business office - those paying for the room had to contact them three times before getting the credit card right.) 
213274609	 We planned a family trip to DC (8 total people and 2 dogs). We picked the Savoy for the other ratings and the price. The hotel staff (Simon and Anastasia) were excellent! Everyone was friendly and helpful. The rooms were decorated beautifully, lovely beds and great fluffy towels! Excellent location- easy bus ride or cab into town, the hotel also has a shuttle to the metro. Given the number in our party we were worried about where to have breakfast/dinner. No worries- there are a huge number of places to eat within walking distance (ie a couple of blocks) including a Whole Foods to stock up on fruit, etc. Cant say enough- parking was at the hotel, great staff, great rooms, very clean. Wonderful experience. 
213113973	 I attended a girlfriends Birthday Party and stayed here because it was close to the party. The room was comfortable and spacious. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. The bathroom was modern but a bit on the small side. Very helpful front desk staff and convenient parking. 
212624281	 As first time visitors to DC, we wanted to find somewhere close to the attractions but also in a good area with nearby restaurants. This hotel fits the bill nicely. The staff was excellent, especially the shuttle driver who took us to the metro station every morning. I would consider staying here again. 
212386501	 I wanted to stay closer to everything but everything was booked, turns out this was a great thing because we walked to many different stores in Georgetown. Asiavon?? Sorry if that's wrong but she welcomed us and was so kind and helpful from the moment we walked in the door, our room was very clean and every time. we left we returned that evening to a clean room, the beds were comfy. I liked the on site laundry and it was only 1.75 to wash. They offer a free shuttle to the metro but we chose to drive in and park at the Ronald Reagan building and walk around. We saw in 3 days Arlington National Cemetery changing of the guard and a wreath laying ceremony, National Sea, Air &amp; Space Museum, the Marines Sunset Parade (Tuesday 7pm- get to Arlington to park by 6 and they have a shuttle bus to the Iwo Jima Memorial for the parade, it is wonderful), National Art Gallery (spent several hours here even with most of the east building being closed). <br/>We had lunch down the road from the hotel at a little place called Angelicos ? the food was great and served quickly ( I'm surprised they were not packed). <br/>We had a great visit. Thank you everyone at Savoy for being so kind. 
119015647	 We stayed here for 3 nights. Thanks to reviews on Trip Advisor I decided to go with Savoy Suites. we were able to get a great price on PriceLine. Not knowing much about the areas of DC I based my choice on reviews. This is really nice place, just outside of the city areas in a real quiet tree lined streets. What a beautiful area. Walking distance was a town with resturants and Whole foods. The metro was a 20 minute walk or you can use the free shuttle from the hotel. All around the metro area was another beautiful area with loads of resturants. Did not find it too expensive and a lot of them had open air seating.<br/>The hotel staff was helpful and very nice. The shuttle drivers were awesome, gave us their card to call them to come and pick us up. The rooms were big and spotless. Nothing to do at the hotel, (pool, playground) but we were simply there for DC so it was a wonderful choice. They did have a really nice patio with loads of tables to hang out and enjoy your company, drinks, food and nice plus. The beds were tempupedic beds with down comforters. I really was very happy with this hotel for a long weekend to see the sites in DC. 
119008971	 despite not having stayed at this hotel I thought I'd chip in since I live a block away and walk past it most days.<br/><br/>Location is outstanding - 10 minutes walk to the cathedral, 25 to georgetown (along with a frequent public bus to downtown monuments). Seems they provide a shuttle to the metro as well, not sure how it operates.<br/>There's a pretty walk down Massachussetts avenue past all the embassies towards Dupont as well.<br/><br/>Restaurants and some upmarket bar choices within 2 minutes walk along with a supermarket.<br/><br/>Area is very safe, the crowd I see staying there all seem very happy with their stay. Hope someone finds this useful 
119001682	 18 stays = every autumn for a week, over 18 years. The hotel has gone from being very smart, to a little 'tired' in its decor, and then splendidly now, totally refurbished.<br/><br/>Very spacious rooms, amazing staff who are consistently charming and helpful, free wifi in the bedrooms, array of channels (including free HBO) on the large television, immaculately clean, efficient new shower, and the beds are some of the most comfortable in the whole world, free membership of Washington Sports Club (5 minutes walk away), shuttle bus to take you to and from the Metro, or good bus service passing the door....<br/><br/>So I have made my reservation for NEXT October, already!<br/><br/><br/>S 
118867099	 We stayed here for our anniversary this past week and enjoyed ourselves very much. It is a clean, well serviced hotel with comfortable beds and a very good staff. Quiet and clean, it provided a much needed break from the hustle and bustle of everyday life. There are only a couple of con's, one being that the fitness center is a little walk away and not conveniently located in the hotel. Other than that, our stay was wonderful. 
118771455	 The Savoy Suites is about a mile and a half from the nearest metro and is not in a sight-seeing neighborhood (with the exception of the National Cathedral which is currently closed due to earthquake damage, and the Zoo). The distance to the metro is somewhat mitigated by the complimentary shuttle, but the shuttle only runs during specific times.<br/><br/>Some of the staff at the hotel were incredibly friendly, others were rude and unpleasant. <br/><br/>As another reviewer pointed out there is nothing wrong with the hotel...but there is very little that is right with it either. <br/><br/>A couple of details that are small irritations: <br/>The hotel has a green program that encourages towel re-use but do not have any where to hang towels up.<br/>Also, no notepads next to the telephone in the suites. 
118741737	 Overall, there is nothing wrong with this hotel. We enjoyed our stay. The front desk was very helpful. We stayed in a &quot;kitchen equipped&quot; room. It was bare bones basic but we had a fridge which was nice for cold drinks including milk. We ate breakfast there. I wouldn't recommend trying to have a dinner meal - there's no table in the room. You could make good coffee. The coffee they supplied was good - above average for that type of thing.<br/>Pros: Very reasonable prices. No charge for parking which is a big savings in DC. Definitely had the absolutely cleanest garage I've ever been in. You could eat off the floor.Well lit and gives a big degree of confidence re safety. Everything was clean, there's a bar on site and restaurant although we didn't try either one. The bartender did open a bottle for me - no charge and was very accommodating to do so.Comfortable beds, modern bathroom and there were restaurants and shopping down the street albeit requiring at least a 10 minute walk. There was a shuttle service to the nearest subway station. There was at least one bus line that could get you into the musuems/mall area quite easily. We used this on several occasions.<br/>Cons: You are not in the center of the action. Now there is a shuttle service to the subway station and shuttle service was done by 10 PM so if you like to stay out later than that, this is something you may want to keep in mind. There are two hotels right next to the same subway station - a Marriott and the Omni Shoreham hotel. The subway runs until midnight. Georgetown is at the bottom of the hill which is a great place to shop and eat. However, you still need to take a bus there as it's too long a walk especially as the return trip is up a steep hill.<br/>Overall, I think the hotel is priced correctly for some of the inconveniences of it's location. So, pay much more to be more centrally located or pay less and use public transportation. We liked using public transportation - you get a better feel of the pulse of the city. Service was good and very helpful at this hotel. 
123943207	 We live in DC, but spent 24 nights here during a mid-winter home renovation. So we got to know the Savoy Suites well. It was a pleasant experience.<br/><br/>Our room (2nd floor facing away from Wisconsin Ave) was quiet, clean, and recently updated (42&quot; flatscreen, Comcast cable w/HBO and Showtime, memoryfoam mattresses, shower stall). The kitchenette - fridge, burners, microwave and sink - got a lot of use, and we were glad to have it. The staff was flawless; all requests were met quickly and cheerfully. The Internet connection was fast, and the free parking was easy. The washer-dryers in the basement worked just fine. The Glover Park neighborhood has lots of decent restaurants and a Whole Foods to stock the kitchenette.<br/><br/>After spending our days at work and school, then checking on the house construction, it was always nice to return to our cozy room. And the price was very fair -- 24 nights equaled about 5% of the total cost of our house project.<br/><br/>At work, we frequently host groups of visitors from other countries. I'd consider having them stay at the Savoy Suites, but hesitate to do so because of the hotel's distance from downtown and public transportation. In a car, Dupont Circle is about 10 minutes away, downtown (White House area) about 15 minutes, and Capitol Hill about 25 minutes.<br/><br/>If you have a car, or if you're flexible enough to use the hotel's shuttle service, definitely stay here. If you're a family considering a vacation in DC, I'd definitely recommend it as well. 
123705389	 I am student in the process of applying to medical school all around the country and recently was offered an opportunity to interview at Georgetown University. I booked a flight, car, and hotel for the interview. In the meantime, I was accepted into a school here in California, therefore I had a hotel and flight reservation that I no longer needed. I spoke with the staff at Savoy Suites regarding this matter. Granted, my hotel reservation was non-refundable. However, the staff patiently listened to my situation instead of handing down the &quot;terms and conditions&quot; authoritarian style that you get at other places. After listening to me, they gracefully said they understood the situation to be unique and allowed me to cancel my reservations without charge. Because of this, Savoy Suites Hotel will be the ONLY hotel I will ever stay at should life lead me back to Washington D.C.!! Thanks Kevin!! 
123435337	 This hotel is very pretty. The rooms are very nice. the bed are memory foam. nice sleep. Bar &amp; restraunt downstairs. Best part is FREE PARKING 
123025032	 Staff was very welcoming and accommodating. Room was spacious and well decorated with newly renovated bathroom. Bed was very comfortable. The only drawback was the a/c - heat thermostat is the old push button type instead of a digital control. Free pass to a local health club just down the street along with free parking were bonuses. Nice bar and dining area in lobby. Centrally located in Georgetown. Definitely would stay there again. 
122885707	 Checked into the Savoy for my week long stay in DC, and was greeted by a very friendly front desk staff. The room was beautiful, with a hot tub and view of the Russian embassy. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever experienced. <br/><br/>Also, the shuttle driver was very friendly, and took us to the Metro station, and other places we needed to go. Very satisfied!<br/><br/>I can't wait to go back! 
122795071	 This hotel is actually in Georgetown but its accessible to the bus that takes you into DC! Front desk was a little rude but overall it was a good experience... 
230322836	 We enjoyed our stay . The rooms were nice and the staff extremely helpful. The hotel is a little out of the way and transportation to and from is something you have to deal with. The hotel has a shuttle that will get you airport or the metro station but runs limited hours. We caught cabs I would stay here again 
230212513	 we really enjoyed our 2 night stay at the savoy suites in georgetown. the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. the room was large with 2 comfortable reading chairs and the most comfortable bed ever. 
230204973	 D hotel is situated in a very nice neighborhood with food and stores all around u, even a pharmacy. Our room had a great view of d washington monument from afar. Weird set up with d bathroom as d shower room has no doors on it. It is always a messy bath. And u cant get anything from d ref or do ur coffee if someone is using d bathroom coz u need to close d doors from d walkthru room bec the showers have no doors. <br/>D parking is very steep too. <br/>But this hotel has a very great service and d people are very friendly . <br/>We just hope d bathroom has to have doors 
230203230	 the location of the hotel is fantastic. A very nice hotel which serves an a very good breakfast. Bath tub in the room&amp; and a very nice shower. It was an enjoyable stay for me, and I definitely recommend it to others :) 
230201014	 I stayed at Savoy Suites on a recent business trip to DC. Rooms are spacious, comfortable and clean. Staff is super nice and accommodating. Price point is perfect. The only drawback is that it's a bit of a distance from the metro which means you need to add time into your trip for the shuttle to the Metro and time and expense if you are travelling when the shuttle is not running, midday and at night. 
230184968	 The Savoy Suites was a good choice for us. They first gave us a room with one bed but quickly rectified that with the proper room. The desk clerk was friendly and made room for the our bikes in the storage room, then recommended a place to eat, the Town Hall, which was good. I'd go back here.<br/> 
130063123	 We loved staying at this hotel. The rooms are clean, spacious and comfortable. We had a room on the 8th floor at the back which was very quiet. The staff are very pleasant and helpful. You can catch the bus from across the street right into the city. There is free parking and wifi, plus Wholefoods is nearby. Would definitely stay here again. 
129788618	 We had a reservation in a diiferent hotel but changed to savoy on the last day. This hotel is really nice and clean, rooms on the 8 floor have jacuzzy in the room. Shuttle to metro is very good, so you can go anywhere in DC and get back to your hotel in the evening 
129340348	 Located in the quite surbubs of Washington, just about fifteen minutes from busy DC I came to to this hotel after W cancelled my reservation because I was a day late, and so I only stayed here for one night. And I am glad I did. This is a quite hotel in a very green and serene environmnet. The staff are great and the rooms are excellent, especially if you take then eastern side. And they offer great discounts for the restaurant a seamless shuttle transportation to the Metro area. A good place if you are looking for silence and serenity while in Washington. And it is also not so far from the central business district, so you do not have to worry about traffic. 
129319216	 I stayed at this wonderful hotel after 6 nights is a shockingly poor hotel in NYC. It was like a ray of sunshine after the storm.<br/>Upon arrival I was greeted so warmly by the desk staff. They really are so fantastic, I cannot praise them highly enough. Please give them a raise, you really do not know how valuable they are.<br/>My room, on the seventh floor, was at the back of the hotel and afforded wonderful views across Washington DC. The room was large, spotlessly clean and very comfortable. The bathroom, again immaculate, was a good size and with a lovely shower.<br/>The hotel was located in a great area for me and my business meetings. A 10 minute walk down the hill takes you to a Whole Foods and a Starbucks, as well as a number of cafes and restaurants, so eating out is very easy and affordable.<br/>The hotel has a relationship with a gym just next door to Whole Foods, which I used every day of my stay. It was well equipped and the staff there were very friendly and welcoming. <br/>The FREE on site parking and wifi are an additional bonus for this already wonderful hotel. It really is a fabulous little gem, and I will definitely be staying here again. Highly recommended! 
129099028	 We chose the hotel as it is near the American University, which is where we needed to be and it offers free parking (we found this next to impossible in most D.C. hotels). We arrived and the staff were all extremely nice and professional. The gentleman who greeted us actually walked us down to the parking lot (us driving, him walking beside us). They were expecting a large group at any moment and he wanted us to be able to secure a parking spot before the crowd arrived. He even took our bags from our trunk and guided us to the elevator and up to the lobby for check-in. <br/><br/>We had a classic room with two double beds (on the fifth floor). The room was very spacious. Compared to European rooms (which we are more accustomed to), it was enormous. The room was very clean as was the bathroom. There was a good sized refrigerator in the room. That was great for placing drinks and snacks in. The coffee maker, coffee and supplies were great. Bathroom amenities were nice also.<br/><br/>The room was on the corner overlooking Wisconsin Ave. There was a bit of street noise, but it seemed to stop around midnight so it wasn't a problem for us. There are several places to eat within a block of the hotel. Whole Foods is just one short block away and a wonderful option for snacks, etc. <br/><br/>I did read one review that said getting down to the National Mall was difficult from this hotel. Not sure what they meant by that as we took the #32 or #36 bus from a stop directly across the street from the hotel and that took us right to the Mall (and back). The front desk gave us the directions and the bus schedule, so we could take it with us. Traffic was horrifying (as we went on a Saturday). I was SO glad I didn't drive.<br/><br/>The day we departed, we were awakened by a couple fighting in a room above us. They were really screaming at one another. It lasted about 15 minutes, then it stopped. Not sure what that was about, but obviously outside of the hotel's control (no idea if the hotel asked them to quiet down). Check-out went smoothly and they gave us directions to get to the freeway which worked like a charm.<br/><br/>Yes, we'll be back. 
129031381	 I have been staying at the Savoy since the 1900s! I practically live here, spending up to 6 weeks per year in DC for work. The staff is FABULOUS and the hotel is located in a great, little neighborhood. It is walking distance from nice restaurants and right down the block from a Whole Foods! It has free garage parking, which is a huge bonus. I always request a corner room, as they are quieter. There are lots of international visitors; many are seasoned flight attendants and they are pleasant hallway and elevator companions. I have stayed in many hotels in Northwest and DuPont Circle - this is my favorite. 
124911137	 We stayed at the Savoy Suites for three weeks in February during renovation of our home. The room, with well-equipped kitchenette, was very comfortable --nicely furnished, wonderful bed and beautiful bathroom. The staff is outstanding -- most professional and accommodating in every way. Thank you Savoy Suites. 
124831887	 I often stay at the Savoy Suites in Georgetown. The beds are very comfortable and the bathrooms have been recently updated with a fabulous shower. The staff are the best you'll find anywhere. 
124775155	 I don't have a single complaint. The staff was friendly and went out of their way to make sure we were comfortable. The food at the restaurant was delicious and the staff again friendly and efficient (and I don't usually love asparagus, but so good here). The shuttle was also great and he took us directly to our conference hotel by the metro station. I recommend this hotel to any and every one. Great deal also! We booked a bit last minute and I was shocked at the price and even more surprised at all the amenities. I was really skeptical, but they blew me away. Above and beyond!! And our room looked exactly like the pictures on their website! Clearly, I was impressed and had fun! 
124740627	 I have been staying frequently with the Savoy Suites in Georgetown for the past several months. Their location is ideal, walking distance to fine restaurants, shops, etc. They have the best staff ever who will go above and beyond to make your stay perfect. The hotel itself has the best rooms. I have stayed in more expensive hotels in other cities for more money but definitely lesser luxury. The breakfast is superb! Definitely the best value for your money with any hotel I have stayed! 
124638609	 I am very happy with this hotel. I have been staying here for over 20 years. The location is ideal, close to amenities, restaurants and grocery stores. I find the staff (Mustafa, Abey, Vince, Stephanie, Saba, Dietmar) so helpful and friendly. At this point they feel like family. The hotel itself is good value for money and better since recent renovations. 
124584885	 I have been staying at the Savoy Suites in Georgetown for 9 years. It is a great hotel value in D.C. with a great location on Wisconsin Ave. There are many nice shops and restaurants within walking distance and It's a short cab ride to anywhere in D.C. The staff are always very friendly and helpful. In fact many of the staff have been there since I first stayed there 9 years ago. The rooms are large, always clean and the beds are comfortable. Recent renovations have enhanced the small bathrooms nicely. Though it lacks some amenities you won't find a better hotel value in D.C. 
141176705	 Chose the top floor jacuzzi suite. . .best view I've had of Washington DC in thirteen years. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Good security. Outstanding breakfast. On-site parking (and clean!).<br/><br/>Close to National Cathedral, Georgetown, Embassy Row: great siteseeing and dining. 
141002272	 During our trip to get our son settled into college in August we stayed at the Savoy Suites in Washington DC. The staff were so helpful and friendly during our entire stay at the hotel. Simon and Tiffany went out of their way to provide us information on area shopping and other requests to get our freshman situated into his dorm. The hotel provided everything we needed during a stressful weekend. The free underground parking was a nice bonus. 
140810969	 I traveled here with my mother and two of our friends and we had a nice stay. We were able to park the car in the underground parking lot/garage which was convenient and free. The location was near some cute shops in the Georgetown district, but it was not close to the main attractions in the hear of DC. Thankfully the hotel provided a fabulous shuttle service to a subway which would take you into DC. It left the hotel every half hour and when we needed to get picked up, we just called and they came! It was nice that the hotel room had a mini kitchen too. The only downside is that they claimed to have &quot;pool access&quot; when we called and asked, and upon checking in we found out they indeed do, but the pool is down the street at a sport club hotel guests have free access to. Its nice they have that deal for guests to enjoy since many hotels in DC don't have pools at all, but I wish they would have told us that the pool was not in or near to the hotel when we called. 
140647418	 Lovely but basic sums up our experience at Savoy. We stayed for two nights while seeing the sights...Unfortunately we had just been staying in an amazing hotel in NYC so it had larger than normal shoes to fill for us but it seemed to fit the bill. After and initial problem with my mum's room (we were travelling with her) they upgraded her at only $20 per night which I thought was reasonable. We had a magnificent view from our window on the top floor, it was easy and pleasant to be able to catch the double decker tourist bus from the Cathedral up the road and the breakfast was very good (even though the chef forgot my waffles and had to be reminded but no biggie). The only issue is the lack of nightlife around the hotel for going out for dinner but it is made up for with the great night's sleep we had given the rooms were so quiet. I would definitely stay here again. 
140620503	 We took our son to Georgetown and wanted to find a hotel near the campus. We found the Savoy Suites and because it had free parking, we chose it. We were not disappointed. The desk staff was very helpful and seemed to have fun while working. The room was very nice. It was large, had a small fridge, comfy mattress etc. It is not located near a subway, but is right on the bus line and we had no problems taking the bus to the national mall area. There was a free shuttle provided to take us back and forth to the Georgetown campus. We would definitely recommend this to other travelers. One word of caution, the parking is in a garage with a very low ceiling. Make sure your vehicle will fit. 
140561486	 Stayed there for a long getaway weekend and Savoy Suites fit the bill: excellent price, very comfortable room and bed, and helpful staff. It's a little off the beaten path - walking distance to the National Cathedral - in the convivial Glover Park neighborhood, but a free shuttle to the Woodley Park/Zoo Metro stop is a great benefit that we took advantage of. Loved the free WiFi and convenience to restaurants, supermarket and pharmacy. It's a good deal in a great city. 
138696680	 Great place to stay. Nice rooms, clean and comfortable. Staff was very friendly and helpful, We needed directions and advice, They always went out of their way to help. Shuttle and parking was an advantage. 
138610790	 Nice place to stay! Special attention to Simon, Jordan, Dante and the rest of employees for the great service!! Next to National Cathedral and easy to achieve tour lines and downtown! The room has a lot of space too. 
138474231	 8/26/2012<br/><br/>I stayed here to move one daughter to Georgetown and the other into American University. They provide shuttle service to both! Very nice driver. The reason for the 4 stars is the service. The hotel itself is okay. I like space, the room had space for a roll away bed and all the luggage. The bathroom was okay, a bit small, liked the 'green' toiletries! Negative no gym in the hotel, but did provide for one down the block. Liked the free parking. Jordan at the front desk quickly dealt with a very loud neighbor at 3 AM. He also checked up with me the following day. It is a hike down to the happening part of Georgetown, Breakfast in the hotel is reasonable, omelet bar, fresh fruit and quick! I think you get bang for your buck here. 
138275707	 Nice hotel, reasonably priced, clean, free parking is a major plus. AC in rooms can be a challenge as it is either very cold or stuffy. Wifi while free is inconsistent and generally slow. Overall, more positives than negatives, a good spot to stay in the embassy area, would stay here again. 
138206232	 I found the Savoy Suites online and took a chance when I booked, because I had never stayed in one or heard of one. Best decision I could have made!! The staff was so helpful in helping me use the Metro and the Bus lines to get to my destinations in the city. The rooms were very nice, clean, and food/bar was great!!! We are planning on returning to DC because there is so much to see and do, we didn't stay long enough, so we are going to rebook with the Savoy Suites the next time....... Tiffany at the front desk was terrific!!!!! My kids loved the fact that we were greeted every time we returned from a long day of sight seeing to &quot;welcome home&quot; by one of the staff. 
137944179	 We wanted an easy to get to, clean, comfortable, and reasonably priced (by DC standards) hotel that was close to American University, and chose the Savoy Suites. This hotel is extremely clean; even the free parking garage is clean! The personnel are extremely friendly and personable, as well as professional. Our room was spacious and the beds were very comfortable. I usually have a difficult time sleeping in hotels, but did not here. We ate breakfast at the buffet in the restaurant, and were very pleased with the quality and price. The hotel gave us a 20% off coupon which we used each day at breakfast. We didn't use the free shuttle, but I believe it will take you to Georgetown and American Universities, as well as the Metro. This is going to be our new place to stay whenever we travel to DC several times each year! 
193853809	 I have recently spent over 2 weeks at the hotel. I have found my stay very satisfactory. The room was quite, spacious and clean. It helps to have a restaurant within the hotel. The staff is very nice and helpful especially Saba at the reception. I hope to visit it again 
193720901	 My husband and I just stayed at the hotel over the weekend. The gentleman and lady at the check-in that night around 9pm were fantastic. They were very friendly and offered to give us suggestions for places to etc. The next morning I went down and asked for suggestions of nice coffee shops. The man at the desk barely looked at me and said Starbucks. I suppose he wasn't familiar with the area because we asked people as walked down the street and they suggested a lovely coffee shop on our way to DC Cupcakes. That night we barely got any sleep because the people in the room beside us kept their TV blaring all night, and they ran in and out of their room slamming the door until around 4a. I normally have a very nice staying at Savoy Suites, but this time they didn't seem to be on their A game quite as much. The rooms are always clean when I stay, and house keeping seems to do a good job making sure you have fresh towels each day. So, all in all it wasn't a terrible stay, but it wasn't the best. I will be staying there again later in the year. I hope it's better. 
193301328	 My daughter-in-law and I stayed one night-Super Bowl Sunday- while on a short visit to pick up her Russian passport at the Russian embassy which is pretty much right across the street. Great location to Georgetown shops and restaurants and a wonderful view of the Lincoln Memorial, Washington Monument, and the Capitol Building from our 7th floor room. Everyone was very nice and we enjoyed our one night at this hotel which I hope I have the pleasure of staying in again! 
192890317	 Thanks again to the wonderful staff at Savoy Suites- Saba, Hafiza, and Karim! This is our third year in a row to celebrate our anniversary in Washington DC staying at this hotel. I cannot say enough wonderful things about the staff- they are so helpful, friendly, and attentive. Saba even remembered us from 2 years ago! The rooms are spacious, comfortable, and clean. I love the tempur-pedic matresses. And the location of the hotel is so convenient- literally right across the street from the bus stop that takes you to the mall, or a very short (free) shuttle ride to the metro station. If you tell the staff what you want to do they will help you plan a wonderful day and find the most cost effective way to do it. We can't wait to see you again next year! 
192533800	 The hotel was great the staff is very friendly and accommodating they don't try to overcharge you on so does laundry facilities the food is great and I would definitely recommend this to friends family and I will continue to come to the hotel. 
192458218	 spacious rooms await you in this unpretentious establishment, conveniently located between Georgetown and the National Cathedral. Our room was quiet,its shower reminded me once again why America is beautiful and the beds, again are as huge as seen only in the US of A. Breakfast buffet is plentiful at $15 and includes omelettes or waffles made on demand , fresh fruit pastries and more, <br/>when we checked in, having flown in from +77f to 12f we found our room freezing to an uncomfortable degree, having been unheated for I guess quite a while. The old A/C unit took a long time overcoming the cold, Front desk Vince and Ryan where just as troubled by this as us, and sent the tech team immediately to try and fix it. The same attitude was shown on the third day when the wifi collapsed and the team updated us continuously on the progress of the repair crew. All in all the staff really stood out - from the dining room attendants to the front desk - everyone were really outstanding. <br/>We also made use of the recommended MC sedan service from and to the airport and were very satisfied.<br/>I can easily recommend the Savoy Suites . 
118198008	 Wow!!! What a great hotel. We stayed before and during the hurricane. We had a relative at Georgetown University Hospital. The staff was sooooo accomadating. They truely made us feel so comfortable and we even had a few laughs. The rooms were immaculate. The Twist retseraunt on site had a very impressive menu that had something for everyone. The staff went above and beyond to ensure we had a great stay. The free shuttle was just what we needed traveling back and forth to the hospital. We would like to send a personal thank you to Mustafa, Francisco, Gregory and Naomi excellent staff. We will definetly stay here again!! 
118112796	 We stayed here during my mother's illness and ultimate passing. the staff was very helpful and accommodating to all our family members during that time. Parking is free and easy. We would definitely stay there again.<br/>Great neighborhood, excellent restaurants close by, breakfast buffet at hotel great. 
118043975	 And don't even think of trying to use a VPN (disconnects and have to log in again (3 times in a a row). 
118043915	 Lovely hotel in a lovely neighborhood with good restaurants and conveniences close by. Rooms are a good size and the staff is pleasant. The free parking (ample covered garage) was definitely a plus since we needed a car to move my daughter into college. It's proximity to American University and Georgetown made it the perfect place for us to stay. Since my daughter is here for 4 years, we will definitely be back again! We may not have a car next time but we noticed the DC Circulator bus stop is a couple of blocks away and is a good option for public transportation. 
117982324	 We stayed here the weeknd of the US Open at Congressional.<br/>Thought we would do some DC sightseeing before the open on Saturday and Sunday.<br/>Nice clean suite, comfortable king bed and quiet.<br/>Best of FREE parking...yes free.<br/><br/>Georgetown location makes for nice morning and evening walks.<br/><br/>Will stay again. 
117923104	 This hotel is an older hotel not completely modernized but was clean and neat. We had a great room with a view of DC and we used the free shuttle a lot to get to the DC metro. We found the hotel staff to be very nice and enjoyed the free parking &amp; internet. The hotel restaurant food was not very good and the bell boys didn't seem to understand English which was a little annoying but overall a great value &amp; location and we would stay again. 
209767765	 I want to thank the Savoy Suites Hotel Staff for the wonderful time we had in the hotel. special thanks to Saba at reception desk. We enjoyed our stay and I will definitely recommend this hotel. The restaurant and the bar was another positive point to stay and enjoy the warm and welcoming atmosphere. 
209341243	 We had a great experience with the Savoy Hotel! The rooms was very clean, modern and comfortable. The Tempurpedic (sp) beds make for a great night's sleep as compared to other hotels. The front desk was very helpful and accommodating for anything we may have needed during our stay. And the hotel location is superbly located in Georgetown near many boutiques and restaurants and right across the street from the bus stop. They also offer complimentary shuttle service to a local metro rail station, so getting around DC is a breeze. I would definitely stay here again and would highly recommend this hotel for future DC visitors! 
209248771	 The room had a well equipped kitchenette. Bed was great. Nice shower. Free shuttle to Metro and AU. Parking was a fair price for DC. The garage is a bit tight getting in and out. Don't drive if you can avoid it. We needed a car to help our daughter move. Returned the rental early because it was not needed. Planning on another stay here. 
209192976	 Needing a place near Georgetown, and needing help to locate events, this hotel provided a great solution. Clean, quiet, well appointed rooms along with very helpful and friendly staff made this<br/>a wonderful retreat from the stress of an intense business trip. In a very good location, near to<br/>shops, including a Starbucks a couple of blocks away. Would definitely stay here again. 
209079360	 We were exhausted after our long travel from the West. Ryan, the front desk clerk was AMAZING!!! Very friendly, very helpful, super accommodating. He set the stage for the rest of our stay. Would definitely recommend and would stay here again! Beautiful views! 
208910278	 We have stayed numerous times at the Savoy Suites in DC. From the smiling reception to the room and wait staff and the comfortable rooms - this place tops all the others we have tried. Our family was in town for a graduation and this hotel is close to so many places we are familiar with. It is also located in the city to make it easy to travel to outlying locations. Ryan at Guest Services was helpful and available. The rooms are spacious and both beds and chairs are comfortable. The bathroom has numerous amenities and towels are plush. This hotel is also close to our families favorite meet and eat restaurant Rockland's BBQ. We anticipate many more trips from Georgia to DC and the Savoy Suites is our Home away. 
227220481	 What a big surprise we found in the Savoy Suites Hotel this past week-end. The location was perfect. The room was clean, comfortable and well suited to our needs. The staff was friendly and courteous. In the past we always stayed at one of the big name hotels. Now, this is our hotel of choice. 
227212141	 We enjoyed our stay at the Savoy. We chose this hotel based on the location, but certainly enjoyed the fabulous city views from our room on the 6th floor! The staff was competent and very kind. Will return! 
227152631	 It is good hotel. The lobby and restaurant have been redone. The bathroom had been redone in the room, but the actual room was dated and tired. The carpet needed to be replaced, etc. The bed was very comfortable, however. <br/><br/>The front desk staff were exceptional -- especially Saba who arranged for a speedy check-in, arranged cabs when needed. <br/><br/>The restaurant meals were quite good. 
227004480	 Hotel was better then I expected. Meals were great (little pricey). Was very easy to find and staff was a bonus. The staff was very helpful. If I have go to DC again this would be the place. Booked thru hotels.com 
226532743	 We so enjoyed our stay at this intimate, friendly hotel! The room was very nice, the shower was exceptional, the hotel food and parking was such a plus but most of all, every staff person who we met was attentive, friendly and very helpful. Really, what's not to love about this gem of a hotel! 
226520103	 This hotel is a gem. Over the 4 years i've been travelling to the US, it's one of the best i've stayed in, maybe the best.<br/>One : It's near Georgetown (like 1,5 miles away), but without too close so it remains peacefull at night.<br/>Two : The staff over there is truly great. Thanks to Ryan and his colleague for all they have done for us those days.<br/>When we arrived pretty late, we tried to find a place and as we weren't sure about the street signs, they gave us a free parking coupon.<br/>Then my son got stuck in our car and they called the police and gave us a free breakfast.<br/>They were great. <br/>Three : The rooms are cosy and the beds are comfortable, and they have a walkin shower instead of a common bathtub every other chain hotel has.<br/><br/>Stay there if you're in Washington. 
243420910	 I travel quite often and have resided in many 5 star hotels. I received Impeccable service from the staff within this hotel. I contacted Ahmad at the front desk several times for directions and dinner reservations etc and he Always went above and beyond the call of duty. He has only been employed with the hotel for a short time however you can tell that he actually Values his job. Being a business owner myself, I know it is hard to find these type of employees. He always had a smile and a kind word to share. Kudos to Ahmad and his exceptional service.<br/>I would also like to mention a young lady by the name of Rebecca she too was always pleasant and kind.<br/>Continue to hire and retain people with these character traits and this company will flourish<br/> 
243362677	 We came down to DC to meet family. Who would have thought we would be welcomed like family at our hotel! We were met with smiling faces every time we entered the hotel by the front desk staff Ahmad, Rebecca, Katherine, Saba and Hafiza. They learned our names on the first day which they remembered throughout our stay. Each experience was professional and expedient - traits seen among all of the hotel staff. The manager Ryan seeked us out to welcome us to the hotel and to ensure our every needs were met including providing recommendations throughout the city. The brunch was not only delicious, but we were able to enjoy live music the entire time. Francisco the bartender was pleasant and funny. Issam, the shuttle driver, was hilarious and made our drive to Georgetown University a fun and convenient trip. Overall, we had a fantastic time and look forward to coming back soon! 
243099489	 Very spacious rooms, super confortable beds (great quality Tempur maddress!) Also the bathroom had been lately renoverad, very nice and functional! I think the price we payed was very reasonable (around 480euros for 5 nights via hotels.com). Great location also. Would recommend this hotel to everyone! 
243078238	 First, I have to give big Kudos to Saba. She is the reason I cam back to this hotel in the first place. I had inadvertently booked at the hotel a week later when I arrived late one evening. Even though I re-booked on the spot with a competitor across the street, she treated me like gold. She remembered me when I arrived the following week and is the calm courteous professional that every tired guest needs to be greeted by.<br/><br/>The lobby bar and restaurant is good. The Rooms are exceptionally nice with great views and I sleep well there. Parking and access is easy, I don't need much more than this.<br/><br/>I Highly recommend this hotel. 
242169652	 Saba and Ahmad at front desk were super. Mustafa at the hotel restaurant Twist really accommodated me as well! Nice place to stay for the price. Would definitely stay again the next time I'm in Washington DC. 
241367325	 Stayed here with my son bc of a hospital appt. Finally around 2 a.m. sat my pj's blanket and pillows from home on the bed and sat down <br/>on the edge of the bed. Messed with my smartphone for a few minutes and set my alarm. By the time I had done that and went to lay my head down I noticed a black spot in the dark moving. Turned the light on and sure enough it was a BEDBUG! My son and I were horrified. Upon closer inspection of the bed I found at least 10 crawling around the bed in my blanket and pillows. I left everything that was on the bed and bloted out of the room as fast as possible. I spoke with the manager/ v.p. of the hotel Julian Dana and explained all that had happened. She was very standoffish. Rude, and arrogant. As if I had done something wrong. I barely got my refund and had no help or offer in getting my things professionally steamed. I was told my things were put into trash bags and to come pick them up. Approximately $430.00 worth of clothes/bedding/luggage. Do yourself a favor and skip this hotel. 
71138913	 We all loved our stay at Savoy Suites in Georgetown. Loved the fact that this hotel provides free parking as well. The rooms were very comfortable and very nice. There were laundry facilities on site, and the staff were very friendly. We would definitely stay here again. Also, on Thursday nights there is a jazz trio in the bar area that was great! I believe it only goes through the summer, but the hotel should seriously consider having this entertainment all the time. There is no business center per se, but you can borrow a hotel laptop for all of your needs, and then print your stuff for free! 
71123763	 The Savoy was truly a nice and comfortable place to stay. The staff is wonderful-very professional and helpful. It is located in a very very nice neighborhood. There's all kinds of shops and stores within walking distance including a Whole Foods and CVS Pharmacy. Their Tempur-pedic beds are really wonderful. The rooms are HUGE and spacious. the big flat screen TV is a nice touch as well. This hotel also has a garage that allows for FREE parking. they also have a coin operated laundry facility-($1.25 per load to wash or dry) along with vending machines on one of the ground floors. The food at their restaurant is delicious but very expensive. Also the shuttle is such a nice service to have available. It takes you to the Metro station where you can easily get anywhere in DC. I think it also takes you to the airport. that was such a pleasant ride as well. The only things we didn't like was that the air conditioning unit was so loud, it was hard to sleep at times and they don't have any pools. Also, they took an additional $50.00 deposit upon check in because we used a debit card instead of a credit card. I didn't see any mention of that on their website when I made the reservations (maybe it's on there and I somehow missed it, don't know) It took them three whole business days to put the money back into my account. That was a bummer. All in all it was a very nice place to stay at. And I would definitely stay there again. 
68556206	 i took my 17 year old niece to DC to see the cherry blossoms. We stayed at the Savoy, we had adjoining rooms, gave her a little sense of independence. She really liked that we were within walking distance to The National Cathedral and so close to shopping in Georgetown. The Staff was always pleasant and dinner in the restaurant was very good and she also enjoyed room service. I would not hesitate to recommend a stay at the Savoy. 
65968103	 This hotel failed on almost every level. It is dingy, it is cramped. The parking is difficult. There are tables and chairs practically in the parking/drive up area - incredibly unattractive and unappealing. The extra blanket was synthetic and had holes in it. The shower had no marking for cold or hot - bathe at your own risk. We paid $189 a night. For $189 a night I expect much, much more. We stayed there due to a family event and didn't want to insult other family members by moving. However, it's not really in Georgetown. There's little attractive going on in the neighborhood. It's far from the DC sights. And, worst of all, the WEBSITE is a scam. The pictures there make it look like this is a modern and updated hotel. It isn't. It's a sham. Print out a boarding pass? They tell you &quot;We can hand you a laptop and you can do it yourself&quot;. What? Don't stay there. 
64311359	 I'm here on business for three weeks. Absolutely a scam. The &quot;suite&quot; is about the size of a regular hotel room to which they've added a non-vented range top (only one burner works), an antiquated microwave, a mini fridge, and a sink. Housekeeping is sporadic, the bathroom is horribly old and needs cleaning and new faucets, the air-conditioning is a wall unit , and the walls are paper thin (I can understand my neighbor's conversations). The shuttle only runs in the morning and evening and the prices at the bar are horrendous. There are much better places to stay near here for the same money. 
64007502	 The photo gallery on the Savoy website leads one to believe the rooms are bright, updated and clean. My room was none of these things. To start with, the room was dark and dingy. The wallpaper was old and the carpet was worn and stained. A dusty oversized plush chair from the early 70's was also in the room. The deckchair was a wooden sitting chair that is not comfortable for working. The bed is uncomfortable and the linens were dirty. My room had a maroon Jacuzzi tub right in the middle of the bedroom. The tub was worn, had several jagged tiles and was rather creepy. I would not even consider getting in it. The bathroom required an overhaul. If you are over 6'2 you would not be able to stand in the shower. Once again, we have missing tile in the bathroom. The hotel staff was not friendly and not helpful. The hotel boasts monument views from some rooms which is true. I would not stay here again. 
154243135	 Based on other reviews here, we were expecting a much different experience. This is clearly an old, run down hotel that was recently renovated with some modern touches. Still, there are only 2 elevators so you wait several minutes each time. Aside from the mattress (Tempurpedic and very comfortable) and the bathroom (small but newly renovated) the room was a shabby mess. Ugly old carpet and draperies, stained upholstery on the furniture and a desk awkwardly between the beds. Bedding was not very clean, I don't think they wash the duvet covers between guests as there was some eye makeup or something stained on ours. That is just beyond me, even a Hampton Inn has all clean fresh bedding, unacceptable. Worst of all, our room had a door so it could be made into in adjoining room and we could hear EVERYTHING going on in our neighbor's room. Paper thin walls. Maybe we just got a bad room, but I cannot recommend this place. The Loews Madison (fabulous) and the Westin Georgetown are actually luxurious and priced about the same, would recommend those or for more budget prices, the Key Bridge Marriott is still higher quality and cheaper. 
154213757	 Beds / bathroom were clean enough but furniture in the room was dirty to the point where you'd want to put a towel over it before you sit down. The walls are extremely thin and you can hear conversations in adjacent rooms. Definitely has the feel of a lower tier motel. Will stick with holiday inn express, georgetown inn, or key bridge Marriott before ever coming near this place again. All comparable in price and have same access to the university, restaurants, shopping, etc. although this is probably the worst location of the four. 
154105014	 I've stayed at the Savoy Suites several times for work in the past few years, and I must say, it gets better each time! If the hardness of the bed doesn't bother you, the rooms are really quite nice. They must have renovated in the past year, because everything in the room was new-- the furniture, bathroom fixtures, carpet, and TV.<br/><br/>Parking is free, and staff is friendly and helpful. There is no onsite fitness room, but they give you a complimentary pass to a gym a few blocks down the street.<br/><br/>A bit pricey, but since my employer paid for my stay, it wasn't an issue for me. Overall, a great place to stay. Close to Georgetown, AU, and Embassy Row. 32/36 bus has a stop right outside the hotel that will take you downtown to see the sights.<br/><br/>Highly recommended! 
153869602	 We really liked our room, the breakfast buffet with custom omelettes, the friendly helpful staff, and convenience to the Cathedral and the Phillips Collection (both highly recommended too!). Desk staff and bellhops and restaurant staff were great, as was the room, which was very clean. My only suggestion is more towel racks, to save on laundry. We will visit again! 
153730416	 We booked the Savoy Suites hotel again this year for our anniversary. Upon arrival we were greeted carside by two staff members who helped us get our luggage and get checked in. I have to mention David and Tiffany particularly, but everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. At some point, someone overheard that it was our anniversary (we did not tell them) and everyone went WAY out of their way to make sure our weekend was romantic. We were upgraded to a room with a jacuzzi tub and a bottle of champagne was sent up. The location is great for getting around DC. (bus stop right across the street) Lots of restaurants and a Whole Foods nearby. It is within easy walking distance of the national cathedral. Overall this hotel was perfect for us. I am sad to see other less than positive reviews of this hotel, because our experience was SUPER. We will definitely go back next year. 
153436200	 Stayed for two days at the Savoy and had a tough time sleeping as they have the old push button forced air heaters in the room that are either blowing hot air or off. When on the room became noisy and dry, and too hot, no matter what temperature was set.. I had my shirt hanging in the closet for the second day and when I went to put it on, it was missing.<br/> I assume the house keeper thought the room was vacant and took it as part of cleaning the room. Desk chair was worn out and I had to place pillows under the seat to reach the desk to work even though I am tall. <br/><br/>Staff was very friendly and offered to check on the shirt. 
127816850	 I live in Washington, DC, and when I had to find a hotel for visiting family, I chose Savoy Suites. My parents are frequent travelers who have high expectations about where they stay, and they were thrilled with this hotel. The room was clean, comfortable, quiet, and spacious with a beautiful view of the Capital (they received a free upgrade on check in). The front desk staff was gracious and helpful. <br/><br/>Location-wise, this hotel is not in the Capital Hill area, nor is it within walking distance to the monuments and museums. It is, however, on the bus line and right across the street from the restaurants and stores of Glover Park/upper Georgetown. If you are budget-concious, it makes more sense to stay here and take the metro (or even a cab) to downtown instead of paying more to stay somewhere else closer. 
127780953	 We used several review sites and apps that stated this hotel is in Georgetown. It is in Glover Park, which is about 10 blocks from the main drag in Georgetown. That being said, it is a 15 min. bus ride to the nearest Metro into DC and is more than a 10 block walk to the main drag in Georgetown at M and Wisconsin. As a family of 5, &quot;Suites&quot; sounds like enough room, and there may be actual suites, but as we registered as a family of 5 our room was an average 2 queen room with a fridge, tv and bathroom. The roll away was an additional $20. I would compare this to a Hampton double anywhere across the country but at least the Hampton includes breakfast. It was clean, the staff was friendly and for DC- the price was reasonable and it INCLUDED parking. Twist, the restaurant located in the hotel, had an amazing menu with reasonable prices but with the days spent in DC we did not have a chance to eat there. Although taxi fare in DC is the cheapest among the nation, I would rethink and stay closer into town. The cost all evens out! 
127695274	 The best thing about the Savoy Suites is the very friendly and accommodating staff. The rooms are spacious and very clean. 
127487241	 I spent the weekend with my husband at the Savoy Suites and not knowing the Hotel at all, it turns out to be one of the best establishments in Washington DC area. Great staff, nice rooms, good food...etc. I will for sure visit again. Keep it up. 
127419071	 Savoy Suites was great: staff friendly and helpful. Location (short bus trip up the road from Georgetown) super, quiet, tasteful area with lots of green space. Price reasonable. We'd go back. 
127353540	 My friends and I just visited DC for the first time and stayed at the Savoy. For us, everything about this hotel was GREAT! Our room was very spacious, clean and the beds (and rollaway bed) were very comfortable. The staff is very friendly and always willing to help with whatever you need. One staff member stands out the most, Mustapha. Mustapha checked us in and then 4 days later when we checked out, he remembered everything about us; our room number, how was the tour we took, hope you have a nice trip back to MA, etc. The Front Desk staff member on at night (can't remember her name) was very helpful in getting us dinner reservations and asking the shuttle driver to take us directly to the restaurant, which they don't normally do. The shuttle drivers were awesome too. They took us where we wanted to go, and going different ways so that we could see the surrounding neighborhoods. One other thing - we had a slight problem with the safe in our room. So, I called the Front Desk to ask for help and it seemed like the maintenance man was knocking on our door even before I hung up the phone! And, it was fixed in a jiffy! We would DEFINITELY stay at this hotel again and recommend it to anyone. 
98607369	 A gem of a hotel. The best bed I have every slept on. 
98394895	 We're relocating to DC next month and we spent one night at the Savoy Suites before house-hunting in the area. The location is within walking distance of plenty and they also have guest accommodations at the Wash Sports Club within walking distance. BEDS ARE FANTASTIC! We are Tempurpedic &quot;snobs&quot; so we really appreciated the night's sleep. Staff was very friendly and the hotel was nice and quiet! 
98151341	 I recently stayed at the Savoy Suites for 3 nights and I loved it!! We were promptly greeted at the front desk by staffwho were incredibly nice and welcoming. Don't remember all the names but David was very welcoming, made us feel like family :):) So we came early to drop off our luggage and instead we got our room early!! AND we were given a good upgrade rate and got an INCREDIBLE room!! Jacuzzi was awesome, beds were awesome, room was big, I didnt even wanna leave the room!! The shuttle service to the metro station was also incredible!! Picked us up when we called!! Was definately a trip to remember!! Maybe my fav thing about DC :):) Would definately stay again! :) 
98030161	 Nine chaperones descended on this hotel with over 100 high school juniors from Austin Texas and the staff at the Savoy Suites went out of their way to accommodate us. Particularly impressive is the front man himself who I observed day after day in the lobby masterfully welcoming new guests, helping guests with directions, securing shuttles, making knowledgeable recommendations, and warmly welcoming our young teens back each day from their excursions. David Tresvant rocks! I hope I'm spelling his last name correctly - it belongs on a large award plague somewhere! Thanks David - you're one class act! 
97182992	 Following up on a previous post, I must say I was impressed.<br/>Upon checking in the staff was very pleasant. I arrived an hour before check-in time and was told that was no problem, a room was ready. After taking the luggage to the room I moved the car to the temporary lot, about a block away. A sign was posted that the lot at the hotel was unavailable until the end of the month. It was being upgraded.<br/><br/>My room was spotless. No dust, dirt, or mildew in the bathroom. It had very comfortable beds and a large Samsung flat-screen TV. <br/><br/>We had a late lunch in the dining area. Food was great. We also saved 20% on the food from a coupon that was presented us upon check-in.<br/><br/>Check-out was smooth too. Very friendly staff.<br/><br/>Would definitely stay there again.<br/><br/>Note. I believe upper management is doing their best to make the hotel and it's staff a pleasant stay for guests. Perhaps it is new management? 
92471930	 I am going to be in Dc for the first time January 21st thru the 23rd of this month. My main reason is to take a test with teh Capitol Police, however I booked an additional night at the Savoy Suits for Leisure with my fiance. After reading the reviews, I am considering canceling and rebooking at another hotel. The parking issue bothers me because if I cannot get parking, this was one of the perks of this hotel via price line. Another thing that is baffling me is the breakfest. Priceline states there is FREE breakfest, but the website to Savoy Suits says its $12.95 per person. I hope price line is not beign misleading just to get business. Another thing I am seeing on teh reviews is the noise and also the pedestrian traffic seeing thru the windows. This bothers me a great deal. Can anyone give me advice? Thanks! 
217873420	 Good for a quick business trip. Nothing fancy. Clean.Good sleep quality and comfortable beds. A little out of town so expect to use metro or take acab to go sightseeing unless you are a big walker. Did not need a hot tub by my bed on a business trip! Made room feel a little dated as did the furniture. This was an expensive week in DC and had to pay premium prices for a standard hotel. Nothing to make it feel special but this was a quick trip 
217800292	 After some confusion with a price that had been told to us incorrectly when we checked in, Hafiza from the front desk was so patient and kind in helping us sort this out. The rooms were also spacious and wonderful. Definitely recommend! 
217143343	 We stayed at the Savoy for one night as we were attending a wedding at the National Cathedral. Ryan checked us in and told us he would be our personal concierge during our stay. He called the room to make sure everything was fine and if we needed anything. We asked him to call a taxi for us (it was pretty muggy on 7/12). He stood outside waiting for our cab that only took 5 minutes!<br/>The room was beautiful and I only wish we could have stayed longer. 
217105435	 The vast majority of review writers rated their hotel stay at The Savoy as Very Good to Excellent. I could not disagree more. I am sorry to say, this hotel fails in many ways, its most redeeming feature it's location in northern Georgetown in a very safe neighborhood adequately surrounded by nice restaurants and stores. The hotel itself leaves alot to be desired. The positives include clean rooms and a decent restaurant and bar with attentive servers there. The many negatives include a completely incompetent front desk staff, absent managerial support, and very limited shuttle service to Metro stations or other attractions. Just one example of what we faced was when we reported a natural gas smell overwhelming our floor. The woman at the front desk said simply &quot;It's from the kitchen&quot;. When we bumped our concern up to a manager, he said &quot;It's from the garage&quot;. Oh, that was just the answer we were looking for. How about &quot;What are we doing about it??&quot;. Electric outlets did not work, there is no business office and the printer behind the counter wasn't working (unable to print out boarding pass), and during a downpour, when we asked if they would loan out an umbrella, the unhelpful desk staff said &quot;we don't loan out umbrella's, but we sell them&quot;.<br/>We were happy to stay at The Savoy because we needed to be in that exact neighborhood for 5 days. The location served us, but the people who run this hotel did not. Go at your own risk! 
217024804	 Enjoyed a nice peaceful weekend here. Walking distance to restaurants, and bars. Quick cab ride to Georgetown. Mostly young professionals around. Furniture a bit dated but still comfy. Summer months there's a patio to go and enjoy the weather and people watch. 
216814210	 From the minute we arrived at the hotel we were greeted with wonderful customer service. Most noteable was Ryan! He was very helpful with getting our luggage to our room, giving us tips on how to get around town. We even requested an additional table for our room and Wow! Ryan accomindated our request. The room was big and very comfortable and clean. There's no tub but we didn't mind as we are both shower people. The space around the bathroom sink was very tight but we made do. The only other thing was that there is no microwave...for suites we were expecting to have one. Other than that we had an awesome view of the Washington Monument! Very impressive view..We were in town for a conference for my husband which was held at Wardman Park. not even 2 miles away. We stayed for 4 nights. The hotel is actually in Georgetown. We were one block from a 24 hour CVS and downtown restaurants. Georgetown is full of culture. thank you Ryan for making our stay a pleasurable one. 
127244928	 The location is not bad you can get everywhere by bus or train. They provide a shuttle to the train. The back rooms have a great view and the staff is exceptional. 
127189921	 I always have a wonderfull time whenever i come to savoy suites ,i would just like to point out 2 excellent staff at the front desk MUSTAPHA and SABA who make my stay enjoyable with lots of smile and happy welcome ,specially after a long flight .<br/>Savoy suites should be happy to have such a great staff,Thankyou for your excellent service MUSTAPHA and SABA<br/>M, JAFFERY 
127135756	 This lovely hotel near Georgetown has everything you need in a small, boutique hotel; proximity to shops, a variety of restaurants and a fabulous, friendly and knowledgeable staff. The rooms are big, light with huge comfortable beds. There is a handy laundry facility in the basement and access to a great nearby gym. I come to this hotel often and I always have a great stay here. Home from home! I can't praise the hotel enough... 
126987594	 We stayed at this hotel because my SO had to have a medical procedure done at the Georgetown Hospital and this was the hotel that was booked for us by the agency in charge of the procedure. It appears that this hotel is used a lot for people who are coming to the Hospital<br/>.<br/>The staff at the front desk were very helpful and attentive, the room where we stayed was big it looks like it need some facelift. The furniture, was a little bit old and the wall paper, looked like it need to be replace, it was not damage but you can see the dirt on the walls. Also, you can see some dirt behind the curtains.<br/><br/>The bathroom was big and it had fancy and environmentally friendly toiletries but honestly, I got the feeling that their soap and their shampoo did not do what they are supposed to do. I don’t know why, but my SO and I got the feeling that the room and the bathroom were not clean even though they looked clean. Because of that, we ended up making our stay short. We were supposed to be there for two days but like I said, the room did not feel like it was clean and I did not want to risk my SO by him getting an infection there after his medical procedure.<br/><br/>I can’t comment about the restaurant, because we did not use it but I can comment about their shuttle service. I can say it was very good. The shuttle took us to the hospital and when it was time to return to the hotel, I just called them and we were picked up very fast. The driver was very friendly and kind.<br/><br/>When I heard that we were going to stay in a hotel in the Georgetown area, I honestly had high expectations but when we got there, I got the feeling that the hotel was just average. 
126888967	 A Lovely Hotel in a Great Location ! I stayed here for a work trip and loved it. It is in a great location for work because (1) it has parking, (2) quick walk to Whole Foods or Safeway or CVS for any snacks or needs, (3) has a deal with a nearby gym for workout (4) view of capitol building and washington monument from room (if on that side of hotel); (5) easy walk to many restaurants for dinner. I am sure there are other benefits that I didn't even realize. <br/><br/>The staff is sooo friendly. And if you eat in the bar/restaurant (which is pretty good and reasonably priced) be sure to try to Potatoes Au Gratin (unless you don't want to dream about them forever and ever - they are delish!) <br/><br/>The room was very spacious and the bed was super comfortable. Free wifi, little fridge. Shampoo makes my hair soft. I can't say enough nice things. 
126769583	 Huge rooms, friendly, helpful staff and comfortable beds. The price is reasonable for the area and the breakfast isn't bad value. It is a bit of a walk from Georgetown, but the free coach to the metro station is good, it would just be handy if was available all day. 
184501302	 First time I stayed here while visiting colleges and was very pleased! Loved the central location and walking distance to the coffee shops, restaurants etc. On site parking was great.....underneath with a gate so there was never a worry about the car. Best bed I have ever slept in. Rooms were quite roomy. Only thing that didn't thrill me was the price of breakfast.....$15 is a bit steep. It didn't matter as we just walked to the coffee shops down the street. I would definetely stay here again and I would recommend it to anyone looking to stay in the Georgetown area. 
184427841	 This is probably our 4th stay at Savoy Suites. I asked for a particular room, I got it. The staff is exceptionally friendly. It's not always you walk up to the front desk and are welcomed so graciously....makes a difference. Room was clean and spacious. Bed very comfortable. Love the Georgetown location. Only negative was you had to have buffet for breakfast $15.00I like coffee; and cerael only; no big deal we went out and had a wonderful breakfast elsewhere...needed the walk anway...this is not truly a negative.. 
184297884	 My husband &amp; I were at the Savoy Suites for a four-day event. The staffs of housekeepingr, restaurant and front desk were outstanding. Special thanks to Ryan Saunders, hotel manager, Saba &amp; Anastasia at the front desk, the housekeeper for our room # 313, and the locksmith who changed the batteries in our room safe. Savoy Suites has an excellent location. A Whole Foods &amp; CVS are within walking distance as are several restaurants. The National Cathedral is two blocks away. We used the MetroBus, # 31,32 &amp;36, which is one block away, to get to Foggy Bottom Metro stop. 
184235559	 We recently stayed at the Savoy Suites Hotel while visiting colleges in the area. The hotel is centrally located and is in a neighborhood with drug stores, restaurants and coffee shops that are within walking distance. On-site parking is extremely convenient and there is a great urban gym downstairs. The rooms were large and very clean. The staff at the front desk is extremely helpful with directions and other city information. We will definitely make this a regular stay should DC be our daughter's home for the next four years. 
184172190	 When I was shown my room I almost checked straight back out. The furniture was stained. The curtains were dirty. There were holes in the wall. However, the bed and bathroom were very clean. The bed turned out to be one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in. And the shower had a good, strong supply of hot water.<br/><br/>Breakfast was ok, but no choice of milk, and the orange juice was not freshly squeezed. For $16 I expect some skimmed milk and freshly squeezed orange juice at the very least. 
184110433	 I'd call the Savoy Suite a 3.5 star hotel with some appealing features. Large room for DC, comfortable bed, convenient location for me, reasonable price, friendly staff. Garage is $20 per night. Easy walk to Whole Foods and there's a frig in the room. We've stayed 3 nights, twice. No complaints. Happy to recommend. 
34333709	 We stayed for 4 nights while on a college visit tour with our daughter. The room was very clean and comfortable with a beautiful view of downtown Washington, DC. We stayed over a holiday weekend and still got what I thought was a fabulous rate. The free parking and free wireless internet made a good deal even better. We really liked the Tempurpedic beds. Some of the amenities were &quot;hit or miss&quot; -- the flat screen TV was great with extended cable but there was no channel guide in the room. The standard free coffee was dreadful and they did not provide creamer or sugar in the room. The free parking was not for the faint of heart -- it was under the hotel in a very tight parking garage structure. We got back to the room late one night and the garage was full. We never found the free lot that the hotel directed us to and ended up parking on a side street. <br/>The surrounding neighborhood was quiet and safe and we were only a few blocks walk from Georgetown shops and restaurants. 
31671017	 rooms are great <br/>staff are the best <br/>shutlle one of the best in town call and they are there is 5 minutes great thanks Mike and Muse 
27258805	 Check in was great - the staff was attentive and accomodating. We had received a great rate through hotels.com, and were prepared for slim pickins', but the gentleman who checked us in noticed the two kids, and upgraded us to a room with a kitchenette - a great amenity for a family on a budget! The room was spacious and clean and had obviously been recently upgraded. Also, the *free* parking is a great perk! The hotel has its own underground garage - safe and well lit, the elevators take you right up to the hotel floors.<br/>The only hitch in our stay was the restaurant. . . We were told on arrival that the restaurant was &quot;kid friendly&quot; and had a children's menu - neither of which proved to be true. I should have gotten the clue when looking around the room of 60-somethings enjoying their meals. When I told our server that I didn't think we would stay, she offered alternatives (cheeseburgers, pasta, etc.) so we stayed. . .the kids &quot;plain linguini with butter&quot; got bungled and then cost a whopping $16. Otherwise, our meal was enjoyable. My advice: skip it. We were tired and it was raining, so we ate in, but there are great restaurants all over offering better choices at more reasonable prices. 
27000774	 This hotel was outstanding! Although this is rated as only 2 stars on some sites, this hotel should have at least a 3-star rating. It is located in a great neighborhood, it offers FREE parking, the rooms are very spacious and equipped with a flat screen TV, a mini fridge, a coffee maker and a microwave too (upon request). There was a spacious closet area and spacious bathroom. They also have some of the most comfortable beds that I ever slept on! I was also impressed with how quiet my room was. I felt like I was the only one in the hotel during my entire stay because it was that quiet when I was in my room. The only downside that I found was the lack of water pressure in the shower and the inability to control the temperature in the bathroom. Other than that, everything was perfect! They have menus and coupons available for many of the nearby restaurants that either deliver to the hotel or are in walking distance. 
25722031	 I stayed three nights with two teenagers. It was great for them because we were a few minute drive to downtown Georgetown and they loved the shops and restaurants. We did buy cupcakes at &quot;Georgetown Cupcakes&quot;. The room was very roomy, wonderful view overlooking the city and very comfortable for the three of us. I don't like foam mattresses, but I managed (they didn't complain). We left our van in the free garage and that was a challenge to get parked - not for the faint hearted. Supposedly there is another lot across the street, but I wasn't made aware of that. There was a free shuttle bus every half hour morning and through the late evening to the Woodley Park-Zoo Metro which was very efficient and the drivers most courteous. The front desk staff were equally professional. Breakfast was a fixed-priced buffet and one child went free. I would definitely recommend this hotel as it was a great price, my car was not needed at all for sightseeing as the Metro is really the best way to get around the city and the shuttle was always exactly on time. 
234688687	 I have stayed in many hotels and Savoy suites will remain in my books as one of the best hotels. The place is clean, the staff is very professional and customer oriented. Saba, Hafiza, Ahmad and Ryan were among the staff and they were all very friendly. The hotel is close to many dining option and banks. Will stay at this hotel again and recommend it to y'all. 
234642474	 Savoy Suites proved a peaceful place to rest after walking among the many monuments &amp; museums of Washington DC. Our room was clean &amp; comfortable on the 6th floor, with a view of large trees on a quiet side street. Their free shuttle took us to &amp; from a nearby Metro station. Their breakfast buffet was only fair, but welcomed with the rain falling steadily. The staff was relaxed and helpful. This 'boutique' hotel is not snobby, we felt at ease there. So glad they had parking since we drove to the city from the Midwest. There is a fee, but that is standard here. So glad we found this hotel near American University. Recommend for visiting parents or tourists. 
234631236	 I convinced my niece to book this hotel for the view as posted in their ad. Sad to say it was a 25-30 minutes drive to the attractions, one can calculate the distance of the hotel. Plus, the linens had distinct smell that bothers us. Even with a tired body sleep was difficult. We moved to another hotel the next day. 
233998370	 We enjoyed a brief stay in this very comfortable and well-located hotel at the top of Georgetown, near Washington Cathedral. The hotel parking lot was convenient and secure. There were plenty of eating options for breakfast and dinner within a short walk. The hotel manager was very accommodating about letting us leave the car in the parking lot past check-out time, until our event was over. The room was comfortable and very clean. 
233737058	 Staying somewhere for 21 years in a row tells you all you need to know about how much I love this hotel!<br/>I stayed in a fabulous room with amazing views of the city, truly magical at sunrise and sunset. The huge bed was incredibly comfortable. The staff at the front desk are always delightful (special mention of Saba, Ryan and Katherine). The complimentary wifi is fast and never let me down. The complimentary shuttle bus to the metro supplements the regular bus service. I love staying in a residential area, rather than in the heart of the city. The delights of Geirgetown are within walkable distance.<br/>I have already booked to be back next October! 
233736044	 We stayed in the Savoy Suites Hotel for 1 night. We were glad to be upgraded to a room with a jacuzzi tub and overlooking the monument. We were also pleasantly surprised by the bottle of complimentary red wine provided in the room. This hotel had the most efficient check-in compared to all other hotels we had stayed throughout our 2 weeks in US. The front desk staffs and housekeeping were extremely helpful. Our room was very spacious. The lack of fridge didn't really bother us since we were there for only a day. There were plenty of food options nearby, including a Whole Food Market. The hotel is not close to the metro station but there is shuttle bus service that brings guests to the metro station.<br/><br/>The only downside was the aircon in my room was very noisy. Other than that it would have been a perfect stay for us. 
216482831	 Nice and clean hotel. The people working the front desk were extremely friendly and helpful. Although I did find some of the male employees a little too flirtatious for my liking. Very close to the places I was going. 
215940602	 Just returned from Washington and had a pleasant stay at this hotel. The front desk and housekeeping staff were friendly and helpful. The shuttle drivers were not always pleasant and we sometimes felt put off by them as they did not feel like they wanted to drive us to or from the Metro station when this is a service provided by the hotel. Hotel is conveniently located to Georgetown and the National Cathedral but is not near a Metro station so that part is inconvenient. We had an in-room air conditioner that was loud and ran throughout the night, which was necessary since it was humid. Other than that, the room was clean with comfortable beds. 
215775175	 Family of 6 from Europe stayed here during visit to Washington. Totally renewed bathrooms are very clean and nice. We slept well in soft beds with very soft linen. Hotel staff was helpful at all times. Breakfast buffet offer good breakfast - what you normally would find. <br/>Hotel is not near the center of town, and not near metro station, but if you want to be near very enjoyable Georgetown, it's perfect with a short buss ride or by your own car. Wifi works well and is free of charge. 
215627562	 We just came back from our trip to Washington. The staff at Savoy Suites was incredible with us and the rooms look like a 4 1/2 star hotel. It was very clean and in a very good neighborhood near the embassies and buses that take you downtown. They even offer a free shuttle to the subway! A huge thanks to Ryan, Anastasia, Erick, Ana, and Antonetta, they were very friendly with our kids. Zoila, our amazing room keeper, tucked the kids' stuffed toys in bed and payed attention to little details. After a long walk, they welcomed us with fresh ice water with fruits in the lobby.<br/><br/>We recommend that you buy breakfast at one of the restaurants outside the hotel. It was expensive and there was not much variety. Apart from breakfast, the experience was awesome and we will definitely come back.<br/><br/>ps. The laundry in the basement was helpful for my large family. 
215626487	 Guest service was fantastic! Really did a good job. Beds were hard. Made a lot of noise every time you rolled over. Parking garage is 6'2&quot;<br/>Won't fit a F150, had to park around back. Can't say enough about the staff. They almost make up for the hard beds 
215590321	 I had the pleasure of staying at the Savoy Suites Hotel in early July. The room was beautiful and comfortable. The hotel has an amazing view of Washington DC. The staff was extremely polite and went above and beyond customer service. I want to especially thank Ryan who assisted me in finding parking in the city for my son's car. The weekend I stayed at the Savoy , I had moved my son to DC from Ohio for his job post-college graduation. His parking for his car unexpectedly fell through and Ryan could not have been more helpful in finding community options for alternative parking. <br/>I would absolutely stay at the Savoy again on a future visit to DC! 
166067244	 Spent 6 nights at the Hotel. We had an great view of the Washington monument. Over all the stay was OK- the room was small but comfortable. The staff was attentive. There was free shuttle service back and forth to the local rail station. Was not thrilled at the mold in the shower. The property owners(not hotel) were obnoxious with the staff and guests as they HAD to be acknowledged. Would not stay again. 
165054246	 Savoy Suites is a bit far from the action, but only a cab or bus ride takes you where you want to go. Better parts of Georgetown aren't far away and there are lots of nice streets to wander around.<br/>Great neighborhood with cafes and supermarkets not too far down Wisconsin.<br/>Hotel rooms are spacious and quite OK. Tired, bland 90s color scheme and in need of an update but comfortable. 
164903374	 I stayed at the Savoy Suites Hotel for a conference at Georgetown for three nights. The hotel itself is both basic and expensive. The room itself was quiet and clean, but the Internet service was largely unusable. When I asked for a laundry pick-up, they asked me to bring my clothing downstairs (which I did, and then continued out the door to the laundry across the street). I had misplaced my brush and they do not so much as have plastic combs downstairs.<br/><br/>If you want to get toward the sights you have to take a bus or a cab. Better to stay at a hotel in the center of town and head toward Georgetown. in the morning. 
164857566	 If you can manage the D.C. transportation system, Savoy is a nice stay. It is not convenient to the Metro, but the bus runs across the street. The neighborhood is full of small shops and various eateries and makes for a wonderful evening walk, and it feels safe to be out. The rooms are not huge, but comfortable. The jacuzzi is a nice touch. The views are nice if you pay for that choice. Service is more than acceptable. Parking does include a fee, and the space is cramped, but it is available. Overall, a good experience. 
164582986	 Went to DC with family, we stayed in a room with 2 queen beds for 3 nights. Upon arrival, we were greeted and assisted by friendly and accommodating staff. The room was spacious, clean and complete with an iron (and board), TV (silly, of course it's not high def), fridge, and coffee maker. I believe they provide a microwave upon request but we didn’t really need that. We loved the Tempur-Pedic beds! The bathroom was relatively small but clean with the essentials. Convenient stores/fast food restaurants were just around the corner. Overall, we had a VERY PLEASANT STAY! If we ever go back to DC, we will definitely stay at this boutique hotel again. 
164074698	 My husband and I traveled to DC for a few days on a cross-country trip and mainly planned on visiting the National Mall and Smithsonian museums. The property is on the north end of Georgetown (which means it isn't really within walking distance of the monuments), but there is a shuttle from the hotel to the nearest metro station (close to the National Zoo) that leaves every half hour. It's located in a nice neighborhood, with tons of stores and restaurants within walking distance. Room was clean and easily housed all our stuff (we don't pack light), and the staff was very helpful. We would definitely stay here again. 
240173965	 This is a lovely small hotel with friendly and helpful staff. It is conveniently located if spending time in Georgetown and American University. The complimentary shuttle service to the metro and nearby universities is a great asset. The rooms have nice furniture, although a little worn, the bed was very comfortable, the bathroom small but light. Like other hotels in which we've stayed in DC, for some reason there are no towel racks for bath towels (at least this one has a small rack for washcloth and hand towel), so it's almost impossible to re-use the towel and save on water. The dining room is nice but there is no a la carte menu for breakfast, which is odd since you can order a la carte for room service. This was my second stay there and I will definitely go back. 
240143622	 Yes, I agree with another TA reviewer, the Front Desk staff are untrained and perfunctory checking &quot;guests&quot; in. Although recommended by work, I would NEVER stay here again. Air is not circulating and quite toxic smelling on 3rd floor and my room is marginally clean. The kind of environment you don't want to look any closer for fear of what you may find. Infection control has not been a priority I fear.<br/><br/>The business is more of an long-term apartment complex rather than a hotel and my my room was 1 room - no way a suite. Website is very misleading. Skip it entirely and enjoy a much happier and more productive visit elsewhere. 
239986577	 I was on a business trip to DC and was looking for a nice cozy place for stay. I saw this hotel seemingly had a good reputation, and decided to give it a try. IT WAS A HUGE MISTAKE.<br/>First, the front desk staff were very cold. You cannot see any emotions on their face, as if you own them 100 bucks.<br/>Second, Savoy Suites claimed itself as “boutique.” NEVER trust such a brand! The furnishing was outdated, and some chairs and electronics broke off. The hallway seems sth in the 1960s. There is a line between boutique and outdated. Obviously, they do not belong to the former category.<br/>Third, it I already super cold in DC. Shockingly, the heating was not working well. The entire room was SO COLD, and I was like, curled like a kitten in bed and was almost FROZEN. I am glad I survived that night, yet I caught a COLD…They don’t care about you, don’t make a similar mistake like I did!<br/>Fourth, the breakfast was really nasty and they charged 15 dollars or sth. I HAVE NEVER had any worse breakfast across the US before.<br/>Can’t imagine that they charge you 130 dollars for a night at such a bad place. IT WAS SIMLY AWFUL! Worst, no one of, hotel I have ever had! 
239729567	 If you are looking for a great place for a quick business trip then this is the place for you. I stayed on the 6th floor and had a nice view of the Washington Monument. The bed was memory foam and was so comfortable. I enjoyed the breakfast buffet which was simple and tasty. The best part was the free shuttle service, the driver was so nice and prompt with picking me up. If you're looking for a nice place for a quick stay then the Savoy is for you! 
239447229	 I am a consultant who travels into the DC area on a regular basis. I love staying at Savoy suites because you get everything you need from a hotel, but at a more affordable rate than other hotels that provide the same level of services.<br/><br/>The service is great, and the staff is very responsive to your needs (Saba is awesome). The food is excellent and not too pricey. The rooms are very spacious with big beds, the gym is pretty good and they keep the rooms and the entire hotel very clean. Honestly, there is not too much more I want in a hotel, so I would recommend this to anyone coming to the area. 
239178371	 The Savoy is among the most beautiful, quaint hotels in which I have stayed. I spent two weekends here with my significant other on personal travel, and was profoundly impressed by the above-and-beyond service provided by the front desk and all employees. Saba in partucular was superbly welcoming and gracious and took very good care of us. HIGHLY reccomended esp. for those with buisness in the N Georgetown/ Tenleytown area. 
142345989	 This is a lovely boutique hotel located in a more suburban setting, north of Georgetown, about 8 blocks north of the One Dollar Red Line Circular Bus. Near a nice park, across from the bagel shop, a BBQ takeout restaurant, and about 2 blocks from the Whole Foods. This is a perfect spot to unwind at night with a great big bedrooms, fabulous lighting, safe in room, mini-refrigerator inside closet. Bathroom is clean but tight. The heating/air is effective. Only negative is the non-existent closet. Solution, I asked for luggage racks, and worked out of the suitcases and used the dresser.<br/><br/>Loved the staff and their welcome home greeting! Loved the garage parking included with the room rate! Loved that I could park my car safely and wander all of DC. Negatives are the selective shuttle service. It is sporadic at best. Only offered to 3 different stops, between 6 and 10 am and then again from 4 to 9:30 pm with only one van, and one driver. Cannot imagine what it would be like in season. We solved it by walking whenever possible, and by utilizing the metro Circulator bus. These buses run every 10 minutes and cost only one dollar whenever you get on them. They are on a set route and make it easy to spot. Really not such a horrible thing, once you learn the area. <br/>Savoy is classy, small, and not corporate. Will definitely be back. 
142315451	 I recently (9/29-30/12) stayed at the Savoy Suites. I got lost on my way to the hotel and David Trezevant guided me quickly and safely to the hotel by cell phone. His directions were spot on, and when I arrived he met me outside and treated me like a long lost friend. Throughout my stay he was a delightful presence - welcoming us back each time we left (I was staying with 3 friends) and charming us each time we saw him. He made strangers feel right at home - and that would make me want to stay at the Savoy Suites the next time I am in DC.<br/><br/>Note - Abey was also very nice. 
142274654	 Tucked away on NW DC, just a mile or two from Georgetown, is this beautiful little hotel. We stayed there because it was walking distance to our daughter's apartment, and what a treat! The room was spacious, the beds very comfortable, the bathroom clean and looked freshly redecorated. The hotel staff were friendly and accommodating. Loved it! 
142015619	 It's a decent hotel far, far, far, far from the center.<br/><br/>Rooms are medium sized and could use some modern touch.<br/><br/>The staff is really nice, but the breakfast is really poor, especially for American standards.<br/><br/>Overall: you won't be disappointed unless you don't mind driving a taxi for half an hour to the center. 
141960528	 The nicest hotel in NW area of Washington. My family stayed there 3 times while visiting DC Always smily and friendly service, especially Simon and Tiffany at frontdesk and barman. Really very comfortable and clean. It really proves it names with its style. Some rooms had anawesome view on the Russian embassy. 
141777666	 My family and I stayed at the Savoy Suite Hotel for one week and I could not have made a better hotel decision. This hotel will make your stay comfortable in every way possible from all the wonderful amenites offered to the top notch housekeeping and cannot forget the great staff. The front desk employees make you feel a &quot;home away from home feeling&quot; while they greet you with a &quot;welcome home&quot; greeting as you enter the front door. Their friendliness, helpfulness and professionalism truly make your stay an added comfort especially Ms. Tiffany and Ms. Naomi who had helped me with any little need I might have had from maps to detergent for my clothes being washed and also giving excellent dinning locations for a local manicure. The rooms are super clean and yes the beds are out of this world with comfort. Thoroughly enjoyed the safe and secure free parking and this safeness and security carried throughout the hotel. All the sites were close to the Hotel requiring minimal travel. My husband had gotten a metro pass for each of us, which Ms. Tiffany had recommended, and loved it this made travel great, comfortable and very affordable. Whole foods and Starbucks down the block, in walking distance, which added to all the convenience. Highly recommend this Hotel and I am also recommending it to all my family and friends.<br/><br/>Marguerite B. 
179877534	 Stayed 10 days in Sept-Oct. The staff was very attentive and friendly. When the top floor corner king-bed suite stunk of cigarette smoke upon our arrival (transgressions by previous occupant), Ryan called us to offer a new suite. We wanted to keep the location so Ditmar immediately brought air/room freshener, cleaned chair and bedcover and ventilated room. Odor gone in a few hours. We asked the maid service for extra coffee on the second day - extra supply was given every day afterward. The shuttle to Woodley Park is a nice feature. We appreciated the service when, after asking the night clerk at 3:30 am to order a cab to Union Station for day trip to NYC, he advised us to make sure the cab that arrived was from the company he called, protecting us from any gypsy hassle. Hafiza and Saba were generous when assisting us with document printing and overnight parking of our rental car. The neighborhood is very nice; a pleasant retreat from the hustle and noise of downtown &amp; Foggy Bottom. Considered it worth the 30 min trip on public transit (Metro or Circulator bus). Good restaurants nearby with nice options for cultural variety. Ate dinner at hotel once - good food. Our bed was firm; the art deco furniture was nice; the half-glass enclosure design in the bathroom shower was surprisingly roomy and effective. 
179755414	 Clean and close to lots of things to see in DC. The shuttle was very convenient. The Russian embassy is right across the street and the naval observatory is close by. Lots of good restaurants anre within walking distance. 
179631149	 I recently hosted an after work cocktail hour at the Savoy for my office and it was FANTASTIC! The hotel has an outdoor patio which has really nice outdoor furniture and is perfect for an intimate cocktail hour (we had about 35 at our event). In addition to a great venue, the staff there are great. As someone who plans events regularly, I have had my share of experience working with difficult venues BUT this experience was the total opposite. <br/><br/>JoAnn from their sales team is amazing, she is professional and went above and beyond to make sure my event was a success. JoAnn is easy going and understands her venue/what it take to host an event at the Savoy. With minimal direction JoAnn helped pick a menu, arrange a shuttle service from my office for my guest, and made sure everything was set to perfection. I was also impressed that both Kevin and Jimmy (other members of the Savoy team) made an appearance at my event to make sure it was a success. <br/><br/>If you are worried about food, have no fear it was delicious. We did light appetizers at the event which were outstanding, the staff was attentive to make sure everything was perfectly set up and replenished as needed. <br/><br/>If you are looking for a venue to host an event, you should definitely check out the Savoy! My final comment is that I think it is important to note that my event was for LGBT staff and everyone felt extremely welcomed - definitely an LGBT friendly hotel! 
179528474	 My daughter and I stayed one night while she attended an event at Georgetown University Hotel and conference Center. I at the Savoy Suites after being assured they had a shuttle to take us to the conference. We checked out Saturday morning (but left our car at the Savoy after paying $20 for the day) and requested the shuttle. The clerk at the front desk directed us outside to wait, a taxi appeared and she nodded toward it...imagine my surprise when I had to pay $13. This was a taxi, not a taxi substituting the for shuttle. Not very nice! 
179208946	 The hotel staff assisted us with travel to all the major Washington, DC attractions and neighborhoods of interest such as Georgetown and Embassy Row. The free shuttle service allowed us access to the Metro subway station in Woodley Park with return shuttle pick-up and trips back to the hotel each day of our 5 day stay at the Savoy Suites Hotel. Ms. Asiavon at the front desk and the two shuttle drivers were helpful and efficient in making our visit to Washington, DC a wonderful and entertaining experience. Highly recommended for the neighborhood, service and accommodations. 
179074036	 This is a wonderful hotel and the service is superb! Very nice people. The rooms are great, we got a handicapped room not knowing that we got it. Automatic opening door. Awesome! Jordan is very nice at the desk. Keep up the great work Jordan. 
229220459	 I wanted to use points my husband had accrued for a trip to DC to attend an Embassy function and found this hotel. It is a lovely property in a beautiful part of DC that I had not stayed in before. It is near Glover Park. The staff was very service minded. I had two different rooms due to a late arrival, my first room did not have a bath tub. The staff moved me while I was at meetings and my new room was also very nice. <br/>the hotel is a short walk from a Whole Foods and the rooms have a little refrigerator and coffee pot. I used UBER and most places were around a $11 dollar car ride from the hotel. There is a washer and dryer in the basement which would be ideal if you were on a long trip. I felt very safe in this hotel and the staff went out of their way to be accommodating. I recommend it as a great alternative to the huge hotels in DC. The Savoy was CHARMING! 
229126295	 The Savoy is a hidden treasure among the masses of hotels littered throughout the city. The difference is the feeling of being home and treated in a way that makes you honestly feel like the wonderful staff appreciates you choosing to stay with them. They give you the special touch that has just been forgotten by every other hotel that I have stayed in. I will not stay anywhere else when I am in town. I am a fan for life. Thank you Savoy for making my stay so special. 
229123574	 Saba, Hajiza, and Ryan on the front desk and Anthony with shuttle duty were outstanding in their helpfulness whether it was in regard to the hotel, the surrounding area, other parts of Washington D.C., or metro/bus information. Our Road Scholar trip was certainly made more enjoyable due to their knowledge and recommendations.<br/>VLS, Long Beach CA 
228718720	 Okay so my wife and were taking our first trip with our little 4 year old. Can't tell you how many hours we spent researching hotels that would accommodate our budget and family needs. I felt that because of our child we needed to be close to the museums but that also meant forking over big bucks at one of the major hotels.<br/>The Savoy popped up on our radar and so we checked it out. It's not close to the museums but perfect for us. The staff is so friendly and ready to help. I initially screwed up the reservation and booked a King room instead of a double queen. Not a problem. The nice girl behind the desk fixed it for me and honored the original rate I booked. What sealed the deal for us was the Whole Foods market right down the block. Didn't break the bank at restaurants as we stopped there each morning for breakfast. There was also a few eateries within walking distance and your not in a touristy area so the prices are very reasonable. <br/>Our room was clean. Perhaps an update is needed but nothing that would keep me from going back. There is also a playground not far from the hotel. We had to drive as the Savoy is not close to any metro stops but it wasn't a big deal.<br/>Looks like we'll be booking again with the Savoy Inn for our next DC family getaway. 
228516724	 Located in Georgetown, this hotel is a perfect spot for a trip to D.C. It is close to the metro bus lines, and there is a free hotel shuttle to one of the Metro subway runs. The staff is very friendly and willing to assist guests. Our room was spacious and the beds very comfortable. It is a very well kept property, and worth considering. 
228017432	 The people are great and the rooms are big. A lot on non English speaking people in the hotel but are very upscale. A $17 dollar cab ride to the museums . We were on the city sights DC bus and it drops off 3 blocks from the hotel. Very worth the money. The take you all over the city and everyone that works there are great . For $59 a person you get 2 day hop on and off bus and a night tour. So glad we choose that line over others. 
200631210	 Clean, comfortable, and extremely helpful staff. Saba went out of her way in reducing confusion with bus routes and commuting to our various destinations. Ryan gave excellent dining suggestions as well. I would highly recommend this hotel. Next time I come to DC, this hotel will be at the top of my list. Grand Rapids - Michigan Couple - Spring Break. 
200617063	 My wife and I returned to the Savoy because we liked it so much on our first visit back in Feb. The staff is first rate. They are professional courteous, and efficient. The location is perfect to walk to Georgetown or take a bus downtown or to the capitol. Although Wisconsin is a buy street, it is surrounded by quiet residential neighborhoods. I would highly recommend to my friends when visiting D.C. 
200533675	 great location, very nice and clean room. the stuff were very frindly!!!<br/>the breakfast was good. we have a child with caliac and they were doing their best to give her gluten free food and didnt charge us for breakfast for her. 
200464561	 Used our group on deal for a night at the Savoy which Included parking and a welcome drink. The front desk was extremely helpful and informative. Though it is a distance from the major DC sites, they offer a shuttle from the hotel to the metro. Room was nice-- we had two queens overlooking a residential area. Hotel is close to several cute, casual restaurants as well as close to the iconic National Cathedral. Front desk even called our room to insure all was fine. Will definitely stay here again. 
200408752	 Had a business meeting at the hotel with attendees from all over the East Coast. Joann and Megan were so helpful and bent over backwards many times to help with last minute items. This was a perfect location that had walkability to restaurants, bars and coffee breaks. Good location for visitors to see Embassy Row and the National Cathedral as well as the Naval Observatory where the Vice Presidency is. I would definitely hold our meeting there again if we are in DC again. Special thanks to Megan, our sales coordinator, who checked in often to make sure everything was to our expectations. 
200406176	 Stayed 1 night with my husband and daughter because I had a conference the next day. We got a nice and clean room, the hotel has super friendly staff. From the moment of arrival they offer lots of concierge services and tourism recommendations, which is good if its your first visit to Washington. We went on our own car so distance wasn't a problem, they have a Whole Foods supermarket and a CVS pharmacy nearby, and it was a 20 min ride (during rush hour) to the downtown area. My only advice will be to book your stay through Booking.com if you want free parking (if not you'll have to pay $20 per night) 
132476988	 A good option near the universities, National Cathedral, and Georgetown in a pleasant area. Parking is free but suitable only for small cars. Starbucks, Whole Foods, CVS and many shops and eateries in walking distance. We paid extra for a &quot;view&quot; room at the back, away from noisy Wisconsin. Furnishings dated and worn, but room was clean. Mini fridge a nice perk. Bathroom was small but updated very nicely. Not very convenient for Metro and bus service slow, so this may not be the place for those wanting to do typical DC touring but it's great for college touring or visiting the three schools which are fairly close. 
132462467	 We had a perfect stay at the Savoy Suites in D.C. and would definitely stay there again. The room was very clean and had been nicely remodeled recently. The staff was great... very fun and friendly! We especially appreciated the free parking... 
132243098	 The hotel is very clean and nicely kept. The room we were given (711) was right off the eleveator, not the most desireable location, and there was a huge vacant area like a piece of furniture was missing. There were no mirrors except for the bathroom. A BIG negative for her. Looks like we had an adjoining room for meetings because the wall looked temporary. No character to the room, dropped ceiling and flourcent ceiling lights created no mood at all. The view was lousy as well. We were counting on taking the shuttle they provide back and forth to the metro. Only to learn the shuttle doesn't run past 9 PM. Also, the gymn the advertoise IS OFF PREMISE Hmmm. . When we arrived the desk crew seemed barely adequate however when Tiffanty came on later in the day, she was a very pleasent upgrade and a wealth of information. I thought charging for breakfast was unnecessary considering the room rates.<br/><br/>The proximity to Georgetown is awesome (app 2 miles?) . There is a bus right in front that will take you there. Plenty of shopping and restaurants. Its a $10 cab ride if you prefer. The free parking is a great plus. Very clean, however tight, garage under the hotel. Also the trolley tour has a stop a few blocks away and the hotel sells tickets; we found this worthwhile and convienent. 
132167629	 Hi- I had a great weekend here. The staff Tiffany and Jordan were amazing. As well as the shuttle driver Issam. Everyone was very helpful and happy to be there. It was more then a pleasure. <br/>Next trip to DC I will defiantly stay there again! 
131898800	 The free parking and wifi makes this an above average hotel. The metro necessitates a shuttle which is not particularly convenient , especially on the return to the hotel. The traffic in Gtown is very congested and moves in a snail-like fashion, making surface travel very very slow. The rooms are comfortable, the staff very helpful. The attached restaurant is unremarkable but convenient. The nearby Whole Foods is a welcome source of an affordable, healthy meal. 
131758788	 Just stayed at the Savoy Suites again - what a pleasure. The room (large) with a view of the Washington Monument was the cleanest hotel room EVER. Last year we stayed here too and had the same experience. The fact is - nice location near Georgetown, free and easy parking, very good security. I recommended this to my brother and he stayed there too and he said it was one of the best hotels he ever stayed in. Price is certainly righr. 
104140480	 I booked my stay through an online agency. I booked it based on the photos, reviews, location, and price. The room they showed me was nothing like what I had expected based on descriptions and photos. It was dingy, smelly, and the bed was messy. It was raining, and I had a meeting to get to and an event that evening, but the front desk wouldn't promise me they could get a cab for me that night. There were no cabs in front, nor is there a nearby metro station. The front desk agent was pleasant and attempted to be accommodating, but when I told her I wanted to cancel my reservation she warned that they were fully booked that night, and so if I canceled I wouldn't be able to rebook. I said that was fine. She said she wouldn't be able to refund me, and that I needed to contact the booking agency, which I did. They were incredibly kind and helpful (hotels.com) but they said the manager of the hotel refused to refund me, and that I needed to speak to him directly. When I called him, Kevin (the manager) said that he found the room perfectly satisfactory and so I would not be granted a refund. I offered to pay a cancellation fee, but he demanded no less than the full night's rate. I told him my complaints, but with smug arrogance he refused. He seemed quite pleased with himself. I've never dealt with a less accommodating manager in all my decades of travel. I've never before lost my cool either. I have no idea why he is in a service industry, or why this hotel would keep him employed. Because of my experience with this hotel -- from the lack of cleanliness in the room to the attitude of this manager -- I strongly discourage anyone from doing business with them. It was a miserable experience. 
103789843	 This is a Hidden Gem. The staff provided outstanding service. Best nights sleep I had in a while. Recommend this to all as one of the better deals in DC. 
103748046	 very well located, close to bus stop and shops, rooms big and clean, newly renovated bathroom, very professional and friendly staff, always prompt to assist. 
102905024	 Not sure what to expect, based on rates other hotels were charging, but was very happy when we arrived. A very good looking hotel, very clean, and the rooms were exceptional. The staff was very friendly and helpful, from the front desk to the resturant. The bartender was very courteous and made a good drink. The suprising part was the food. This was not hotel food, this was high quality resturant food, excellent. I would be very happy to stay here again. Great job. 
102631467	 Good location-walking distance to good shopping. Easy to catch buses to go wherever. Whole foods was a few minutes walk away. Very quiet room at the end of the hall away from elevators. Hotel was undergoing some reno at the time but this was not intrusive. Very friendly/helpful staff. Best rate was had online. 
102108260	 My recent stay at the Savoy Suites Hotel was very nice. The room was clean and the beds comfortable. The bathroom looked to be newly remodeled with a nice shower.<br/>The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. They gave good advice in navigating DC. The hotel was in a good location, with a bus stop only 1 block away. There was ample free parking in an underground garage. The hotel also had a shuttle bus. Best was that with my AAA discount, the room-rate was very reasonable. If you want to be within walking distance of the National Mall, however, this property was about 4 miles away. 
152672290	 We checked in on Tuesday 2/19 and had a great time in Georgetown. We were exhausted from all the sightseeing and wanted to get back to the room so we can shower up and get ready to check out the next day. Well, as I was done taking a shower I pulled out a CLEAN towel and it had other people's hair in it. I found this extremely gross. I was then paranoid of getting someone else's hair on my body after taking a shower. I liked the location, it's right across from the Russian Embassy which is awesome. I might come back.....might. 
152483323	 I LOVED this hotel. Traveled with my husband and 6 month old daughter this past weekend from Virginia Beach for a weekend getaway. Our stay was fantastic. Check-in and check out was a breeze. The hotel staff were incredibly friendly, including the shuttle driver. (We never waited more than 5 minutes for a shuttle which was important becuase it was COLD out. With a 6 month old that was a big relief.) Two out of the three nights we ordered take out and had it delivered to the hotel. Both times it was reccommendations from the hotel staff and it was delicious. The mattress was soo comfortable, wish we could have taken it home with us! Over all, awesome stay, we would definitely reccommend this hotel and hope that we can stay in the future! 
152293184	 I recently spent three nights at the Savoy Suites and found everything about it quite pleasant except for the minor inconvenience of having to stack pillows in the desk chair to be high enough for the computer keyboard and the major problem of the very sluggish internet connection that sometimes vanished entirely. This was true with my laptop computer in my room or with my iPad in the lobby. It's frustrating when you're on a pleasure trip and want to minimize the time spent taking care of online business to have to wait and wait and wait to accomplish online tasks. Otherwise, the hotel was quite good. Check-in and check-out were friendly and easy; everything was clean and comfortable (the bed was unusually comfortable -- I meant to try to find a label on the mattress so that I could buy one like it, but I forgot); the food was good and the staff serving it friendly and helpful; the location was pleasant though not exciting. It's in a fairly quiet neighborhood. That has its pros and cons. Because I did not have occasion to eat outside of the hotel or to seek out tourist attractions, the location suited me fine. Otherwise, though, I would have preferred to have more restaurants close by and to be closer to a metro stop. (The hotel offers a free shuttle to the closest metro stop, but I'd rather be able to walk down the street to one.) 
151826368	 We spent one night in one of the upper floor jacuzzi rooms. Check-in and check-out were easy, the staff was exceptionally friendly, the room very clean, breakfast was very good. Plenty of safe (underground secured) parking. 
151695046	 It was nice. The people at the front desk were amazing. We stayed 2 nights and they didnt clean our room or make bed after our first night. Walking distance to National Cathedral. Not many restaurant choices near by. For the money spent I expected more. Wallpaper was peeling in room and we couldn't get whirlpool tub to drain. I wouldn't stay here again. 
151625438	 Some might think the location too far from city, but 15 minutes from vibrant Georgetown with its restaurants and shops. Different feel to DC itself. Good transit into Washington by bus. Large suites contained fridge and coffee maker for ground coffee. We ate in the restaurant, and many others in walking distance. Explore the area for a morning. <br/><br/>Super shuttle service gave us the first drop. Stayed four nights and then picked up rental car for journey south. 
137071356	 The free parking and great reasonably priced breakfasts are icing on the cake for this modern, clean, comfortable, affordable hotel. We loved being only blocks away from the National Cathedral, and we are one block away from Whole Foods. Georgetown is a bit further down, but worth the walk to stroll the great shopping and restaurants. We took the bus into the city center most days. The bus stop is right accross the street, and the ride gives you a great view of the neighborhoods. The staff was great. 
136946470	 Wow. The management of this place is doing something right. Every single staff member I encountered,from the front desk to the housekeeping staff, was incredibly helpful, cheerful, patient, and kind. The hotel is very nice. Clean, BIG rooms, good food, etc. But what makes it exceptional is the staff. Its a little inconvenient because it is not near a metro stop (they do have a shuttle at times to Foggy Bottom stop) but I'd stay here again regardless, because I know it would be a great visit. 
136909447	 Would definitely recommend this hotel to stay in for holidays in Washington - the staff were really friendly and helpful, the breakfasts were the nicest we had during our whole holiday (and reasonably priced too!). the hotel room was really big and comfortable. it was a little far out of town, but with a bus stop right across the road, it didn't bother us. very good value for money... 
136823938	 We stayed here for a week to go to an Arlington funeral. Private parking. Georgetown and Adams Morgan at walking distance. Hotel shuttle to metro and Circulator bus nearby. Nice lounge area in the open. 
136757416	 We loved staying at the Savoy Suites! The room was great! All the employees, from the desk clerks to the housekeepers, were friendly and very helpful! The desk clerks were the best! They always welcomed us back when we returned from being out and about in DC......they offered helpful hints for getting around, etc......and they were lots of fun to talk to! The atmosphere was welcoming and friendly.....and they made us feel at home! 
136655595	 This hotel is a great value. The rooms were very large and clean. You could tell the bathroom had been recently remodeled. The free parking and wifi was great. The underground parking is pretty cramped but we could get around fine in a mid sized car. And, hey, it was FREE. <br/><br/>Checking in was fast and easy.<br/><br/>The hotel is a 10 minute walk to the cathedral and only a block away from a metrobus stop, which for $1.80 takes you to georgetown or right to the national mall. There's a bus about every 10-15 minutes, so it's very convenient. We never had to use the hotel's shuttle, but it was nice to know it was there. I was very happy to park my car and use public transit during my visit since I wasn't comfortable driving downtown due to all the traffic.<br/><br/>Within two blocks of the hotel there's plenty of restaurants to chose from - tacos at surfside, burgers at z burger, sushi at sushi-ko, thai at heritage asia, german at old europe. <br/><br/>My only complaint with our room was that the air conditioner didn't really have a temperature setting, just high, low, and off. At night, we had a problem with it getting too cold or warm and having to get up to turn the unit on and off accordingly.<br/><br/> I was impressed by the housekeeping staff because we returned to our room early from sight seeing one day before the room had been cleaned and we turned the do not disturb sign on the door so we could take a nap. I assumed that we would have to call down to the front desk later and ask for more towels, but they called us later that afternoon to see if there was anything we needed. It was a pleasant surprise.<br/><br/>I would definitely stay here again. It was a great hotel. I was surprised at how low the price was for such a nice place. 
135926283	 For the price we paid we didn't expect the hotel to be this luxurious. We were travelling across the States (literally from the coast to coast) and so although we were on a budget a little bit of comfort went a long way. We stayed immediately after being trapped in NYC during Hurricane Irene and the staff went out of their way to make our stay more enjoyable, including upgrading us to a room with a hot tub. The area the hotel is in is great for young people as it's near the university - lots of great restaurants and bars at reasonable prices. I would go back to this hotel in a heartbeat, if you're staying in Washington don't stay anywhere else! 
135875081	 When we checked in we were parked and in our room within 10 minutes, amazing service from courteous staff. The room was roomy, clean and really comfortable for 4 people. Great beds too. Although the hotel is away from the main downtown, tourist sight area, it is a very easy drive to get there (and only takes about 10-15 minutes). The hotel is in a lovely leafy area, close to the cathedral, zoo and Georgetown. Very good value for a very well presented hotel.<br/>We had difficulty catching a taxi because of the roadworks nearby but there is a shuttle in the mornings to the metro. The next day we drove and found parking easily in the museum area with 2 hour parking between 9 and 4pm. 
135848352	 This hotel absolutely deserves 5 stars, everything about it was outstanding. The staff is helpful, attentive and always friendly. The rooms are spacious and well appointed with comfortable beds and bedding; the rooms are also so quiet, you cannot hear any outside noise. The hotel itself is exceptionally clean and if not new, then must have been newly renovated because it appears to be all new. There is a lovely bar and restaurant. I can't comment on the food since I didn't eat there but as a nice gesture, guests are given a coupon good for 20% off your meals. The rooms have a nice sized fridge and there is also a safe and coffee pot. Having free wireless is definitely a plus. Another major plus is the complimentary parking garage on site, that is wonderful! The hotel is located in a very nice area with local DC universities and the National Cathedral nearby. A short walk presents you with any number of food options to choose from. I highly recommend the Surf Side quesedillas. The buses run on the main drag and the train station is close by. I've stayed in many DC hotels but this one is my fave and is where I'll stay from now on. It is the Jewel of DC! 
135768438	 This is my first trip advisor review. We were pleasantly surprised with the personal attention given from the time we arrived until the thank you email I just received at home. We arrived with a car and a 14 ft U-Haul van. They graciously directed us to a lot for the truck less than a block away. Our belongings were safe there overnight. The room was spacious and nicely remodeled, with out of the way closet space, safe, and mini fridge. We ate dinner and breakfast there and both were above average and delicious. We intend to stay there often now, since our experience was trouble-free! 
135632103	 A nice newly renovated hotel; modern, not out dated. <br/>Buss stop at 1min walk from the hotel.<br/>We had breakfast at the restaurant every morning for (4) days. The personnel was very nice.<br/>The hotel staff was very helpful with directions to the attractions. They were very cordial in general.<br/><br/>One draw back however, there was no bathroom fan. When my husband encountered about the possibility of having the fan fixed, he received no support. 
135378872	 Our stay at the Savoy Suites, Washington, D.C. was wonderful. The staff, especially Langa and Saba, at the front counter extended fabulous hospitality and were very courteous. The rooms are nicely remodeled, although a note to future guests staying at this hotel, your coffee maker and refrigerator are in the closet. Our thanks to the staff who made our stay very memorable. 
115661931	 My daughter and I stayed at the Savoy Suites for three nights. We loved the location - close to Georgetown and the National Cathedral and a quick bus ride on the Circulator to get to the heart of Georgetown or downtown DC. The room was large and the beds extremely comfortable. The renovated bathroom was a big plus. <br/>I loved that it was a bit off the beaten path as after a long day of sightseeing in large crowds it was nice to get back to the hotel for a little peace and quiet. We would definitely stay here again! 
115612849	 We just returned from a six-day stay (two adults and a teen son) and could not have been more pleased with the Savoy Suites Hotel. Everything was immaculate, which is a huge deal for me. Sometimes a room appears to be clean, but the hallways, elevator, vending machine area, etc. are filthy.....This was NOT the case at this hotel. Every area we went in the hotel was spotless. What a great reflection on their high standards, and the attention to detail of their housekeeping staff.<br/><br/>We used the free shuttle twice each day, and cannot say enough good things about the shuttle drivers. They were all punctual, polite, friendly, knowledgeable, and most importantly, safe drivers in some very busy traffic conditions. (My only complaint regarding the shuttles had nothing to do with the shuttle service inself, but with the hotel passengers. Come on, people.......Please show some class and give these drivers a gratuity for their excellent service! I realize the shuttles are free, and we as a family are always looking for ways to save money, but I felt bad when people ignored the opportunity to at least offer a small tip to show appreciation for great service. Just sayin'.....)<br/><br/>As for the front desk staff - Each and every one of them was professional, friendly and helpful. They were all neatly dressed, and very efficient during check in/ check out times, and answered any questions we had during our stay regarding restaurants, transportation, shuttle schedules, etc. A very nice group of people who represented the hotel well. <br/><br/>Our room was wonderful! Very large compared to most we have stayed in before. Probably the most comfortable beds we've ever encountered in a hotel. My husband usually complains about the bed being too soft or too hard, and usually hates hotel pillows. This time, he was thrilled at how comfortable the bed and pillows were. We also loved the decor..... not tacky or gaudy like some very expensive places we've stayed in before that &quot;decorated&quot; with striped carpet, flowered bedspreads, plaid curtains, etc. This room was so tastefully decorated.. The refrigerator was very helpful, and the room provided everything we could possibly need during our stay. Negatives were very minor.........We wished they had had a hook on the back of the bathroom door for bathrobe or towel, and also were surprised that there was no towel bar to dry and reuse any towels. The hotel stresses &quot;being green&quot; to help the environment, but does not provide a way to use the towels a second time. As a result, we threw our wet towels on the floor after a shower, but would have been willing to dry them if there had been a way to do so. Also, we needed to use the coin operated laundry facility (clean, and only $1.25 per machine), but were surprised to find no money changer machine or chair to sit in while we waited for our laundry to be done. We had to make two trips up to the front desk for quarters, and I ended up sitting on the tile floor for 90 minutes while I waited for our clothes to be done. Minor inconveniences, for sure, but something that we noticed could use improvement. <br/><br/>The hotel is located in an extremely safe neighborhood with restaurants and shopping close by. We ate at several of the restaurants, and also bought things at the CVS and whole foods, which were very convenient. We even bought our SmartTrip metro passes at the CVS, which was a nice plus. <br/><br/>We went once to the Washington Sports Club -- free to Savoy Suites Guests. My son and husband were impressed with the facility in general, and thought is was well-run and well equipped.. It is a little ways from the hotel itself (one block), but is a nice perk if you are into fitness. We were disappointed to learn that there was no pool there. Many similar facilities in our home state of Michigan have pools in addition to work-out equipment, but that was not the case here. Other than that, it is a great &quot;extra&quot; that the hotel offers its guests.<br/><br/>The hotel location is a little far from the &quot;touristy&quot; attractions we had come to Washington, D.C. to do, but the free hotel shuttle to the metro station and the Metrobus service makes all of it easy. I had done extensive research online prior to booking the Savoy Suites, and found that if we wanted something closer to the actual downtown area, we would have had to pay a lot more, and/or would have had to compromise by being in a less-safe neighborhood. Since value and safety were at the top of our list for importance, this hotel seemed to be a good choice. We were NOT disappointed.<br/><br/>To sum it up, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay, and would heartily recommend this hotel to anyone who is considering it. Great value for the money, and one of the best overall hotel deals we have found in many years of vacation travel. 
115341494	 My family and I absolutely loved the Savoy Suites. Everything was just wonderful. The hotel was beautiful! The staff were kind, knowledgeable, accommodating, and well-groomed. <br/>So glad I found this hotel on Trip Advisor.<br/> I originally booked here because it had what I was looking for, free parking, free internet, and great reviews. I was not disappointed. <br/>The Bad:<br/>The Bathroom- Although these are minor you should know. There is nowhere to put your cosmetics in the shower. A tiny shelf will hold the (very cool) soap but shampoo, razor etc will be on the floor. Also no door/ curtain to keep the water off the bathroom floor. Just a half sheet of clear glass to enclose the shower area.<br/>There is also no towel bar so although they seem to pride themselves on being green there isn't really a good way to hang and re-use your towel.<br/>The Great:<br/>Parking- you will not have to worry a bit about your car in their secured garage.<br/>Internet- just as fast as our broadband at home and secured :-)<br/>The staff- as I mentioned before, you couldn't ask for nicer people to stay with<br/>The neighborhood- wonderful restaurants and grocery within walking distance. Even a playground a block away for the kids.<br/>Transportation- The free hotel shuttle will take you to the closest Metro (train) stop and for those in town to visit the zoo that stop is only a couple of (easily walkable) blocks away. <br/>When you are done, just call the number they give you at the desk and the shuttle comes to pick you up!<br/>There is also a bus that stops right across the street that will take you downtown to see the Smithsonian, etc.<br/>The beds- Love the Tempurpedic beds!<br/>The room- Big and comfy! Plenty of room to spread out. Easy to use safe and a nice little fridge.<br/>The restaurant- Although not free the breakfast is great. The staff keeps it fresh and filled and the omelets are fab! <br/>Thank you Savoy, we will be back!! 
115296592	 Our stay was very pleasant. We were part of a collectors club annual meeting. The staff could not have been more gracious and efficient. This hotel certainly knows the meaning of service. I would recommend the Savoy Suites to everyone. 
115198822	 My wife got an excellent price on this hotel and the reviews were good, so we tried it. Atmosphere is elegant but comfortable. Their recent remodel blended touches of Art Nouveau, Art Deco, and modern styles, and it all works beautifully. Service is excellent but unobtrusive. The free shuttle to &amp; from the Woodley Park/Zoo Metro station is a real money saver over two cab rides per day. The 2300-2500 section of Wisconsin Avenue is safe and full of restaurants and other neighborhood type retail, including a 24 hour CVS and a Whole Foods market. Didn't get time to check out the complimentary use of Washington Sports Club (also nearby.) We just kept saying over and over how &quot;nice&quot; the hotel is. Will definitely stay here again- we're careful with our money, but will pay for good value, and Savoy Suites is a great value. 
115197080	 It's not central but not in the outskirts either. Perfect to visit National Cathedral or Embassy Row. We had no trouble getting around. the rooms are great value, comfortable and spacious. Service friendly and efficient. Parking is free! 
115067724	 This hotel is a little ways away from the hubbub of Washington Mall but the commute was easy. The hotel is near the Vice President's home. The bus picks you up across the street and drops you off wherever you need to go. Or, you can have the shuttle bus drop you off at the entrance of the subway and give them a call to pick you up. The driver may tell you some things going on in the city while on your drive. <br/><br/>The beds were great. May have to get one those expensive mattresses some day.<br/><br/>They have a couple of front loading washing machines and dryers that cost only $1.25 each and worked great. The vending machine to buy soap took my money, but the front desk sent the husband back down with a cup of liquid soap.<br/><br/>Oh, the front desk people were wonderful. Everyone was friendly and helpful. The most <br/>informative front desk personnel ever encountered. Even the people in the garage where we parked our vehicle were friendly!<br/><br/>If I ever came back to Washington DC, I would definitely stay here again!! Wonderful Job<br/>Savoy Suites!! 
115049985	 We very much enjoyed our stay which was the well maintained and pleasantly staffed. However, we were hugely disappointed in the time it took to get to the downtown area. We had called in advance to question this and were assured that it was 15 -20 minutes topsvia Metro. Not so at all!!!!! More like 45 minutes and the return trip was a nightmare. Dinner at the hotel was delicious even though it was skimpy and very pricy. Nearby restaurants in walking distance included BBQ or Fish Tacos we found this disappointing as well. The hotel itself was great but the location was not good at all. 
114909064	 We stayed here for several nights and found the hotel to be very comfortable. We opted for the breakfast package and it was worth the extra cost. The staff was very helpful. The only problem is that the hotel is not close to the Metro but the hotel does have a free shuttle in the morning and late afternoon/evening that will take you and pick you up from the Metro station. 
114880120	 We were visiting American University with our son, so were two adults and one teen. The room was comfortable, as were the beds. We didn't eat at the hotel, but had a lovely drink in the bar one night. The staff were attentive and friendly, and free parking (in a garage) was a big plus for us, since we had a car full of equipment and would have felt uncomfortable leaving a car on the street. In short, I will check this hotel's prices first every time we visit DC, which we plan to do fairly often for the next four years! 
114786666	 This hotel has spacious rooms and very helpful staff. Down side is it is not close to the metro although they have a half hourly shuttle bus which will take you to the station. Nice walk down to Georgetown and a great Whole Foods close by if you want to eat in your room (some rooms have kitchens.) My room had a double jacuzzi in the bedroom! 
114783811	 We were visiting 3 colleges in DC and decided to stay here because of the location and price. We were not disappointed. The staff was friendly and accommodating and the hotel was clean and well maintained. The Glover Park neighborhood is cute and safe, with lots of nice shops and restaurants right down the street from the hotel. 
202735538	 We picked this hotel just north of Georgetown, some distance from the National Mall, to keep our Washington stay under $200/night. It's a 3-mile walk to the Lincoln Memorial, at the near end of the Mall, but a taxi will get you there quickly. There are also a couple of buses that you can catch a block away that will take you practically anywhere along the Mall you want to go, but our experience was that they're they're slow, so if you try them, allow plenty of time (the bus ride could stand in for a cheap tour in itself). Though the hotel is a little tired-looking, it's got a classiness about it that newer hotels often lack. Our sixth-floor room on the building's east side was large and square in shape, with a faded elegance and a great view of downtown Washington in the distance. We enjoyed it very much. The front desk staff were efficient and helpful to us, and the lobby always seemed to have vintage R&amp;B playing, which put me in a good mood. The parking was clean and easy to deal with; our booking came with free parking, which saved us quite a bit of money. Our experience of the restaurant (dessert only) wasn't great, but they do have a Sunday brunch with live music that looked very nice. A couple of bagel places just south of the hotel offer cheap breakfasts. For dinner there are many good food options nearby, including Rocklands Barbeque. We picnicked with their baby back ribs, corn pudding and cole slaw in our room one night and some French wine (there's a wine shop two blocks away) and enjoyed it so much that the next night we sat on stools in the restaurant to enjoy more BBQ with bourbons. 
202707465	 I have such mixed reviews about this place! It is near the Georgetown section of DC. Nice! Close to the National Cathedral. Great! Easy bus transportation to the Smithsonian,etc. Super! Staff was helpful, especially Saba, who booked restaurant reservations, etc for us. Excellent! BUT...<br/>the hotel is dog-friendly and our room STANK of dog urine. Supposedly dogs are allowed on the first floor only. Our room was on the second floor. They gave us another room but now we were street-side (and awake all night with the traffic.) Sorry, Savoy. Get rid of the dogs! 
202476683	 Rooms, while well appointed, were dirty. Furniture and carpeting was stained. Bedding appeared &quot;used&quot; so we had to request new sheets. Bathroom is TINY, room layout standard. Old and a little out of date. Front desk staff was rude and indifferent. Check in took nearly 30 minutes while I was ignored when staff finished personal conversations, left the desk area, or attended to other guests (with 3 staff members at the desk, I could not understand why I was being ignored. When I complained about the lack of service - mind you this was at 10:00 at night after a long day of travel - then I was attended to). Internet service did not work in the rooms, &quot;free&quot; parking was denied and The &quot;complementary&quot; shuttle has very limited hours - stopping at 9:30 AM. The hotel is out of the sight-seeing loop, so the promised shuttle was useless to us during the weekend of our visit. There is a bus route on Wisconsin Avenue and taxi services. There were many nice restaurants, a grocery and drug store within walking distance of the hotel. There is no lobby space to gather or socialize with a group and when we asked if we could sit in the small dining area we were told ,&quot;no.&quot;. The rooms are not conducive to gathering for chats so socializing as a group in the hotel was not an option. 
202218084	 This hotel was OK. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The room was nice w/exception to the street noise. I was on the fourth floor and the it sounded like I was at sidewalk level at times. This would become annoying if I had stayed for a longer period. The refrig was nice to have and I did use it. <br/>The hotel lacked a &quot;BUSINESS CENTER&quot; which is standard in every hotel I've been to. There was ONE MAC computer on a very small table in the lobby area with the printer in the managers office. I have never seen such an unprofessional set-up as that. That whole ordeal made printing boarding passes a real hassle. I couldn't imagine if I had to print business sensitive material. <br/>Adding some gentle touches like USA Today , like other hotels do, would have been nice. I think the hotel could use some upgrading in the small details and it would be a great hotel. 
202168688	 Great connection downtown with public transportation (bus).<br/>Some nice restaurants at walking distance.<br/>Quit and beautiful area and close to the house of the Vice President and the Russian Embassy. <br/>So a very safe area ;).<br/><br/>WiFi is not as good as mentioned by hotel. 
202161745	 My son and i stayed 3 nights for spring break. The hotel was a good price considering it was the only one under a hundred dollars in the area.it is conveniently located at the top of Georgetown,easy close bus ride to the heart of Georgetown, also close enough to walk. Very clean, good beds, and very helpful staff. Will stay there again. 
163394393	 I was booked into Savoy Suites when I traveled to DC for an interview. It was off the main thoroughfare, so quiet and unexpected. Wisconsin Ave is a bit of a pain in traffic, but you can find back roads to avoid the main street traffic. We did not eat there, but found our room spacious and comfortable. Would book there again. 
163263702	 Beautiful room and lobby. The staff was very helpful with taxis, printing off our Nationals Tickets on their printers, good bar tender in the lounge. Very convenient basement parking but very confusing traffic flow. NO signs, painted arrows, etc. Only complaint I had was no fridge in our two queen bed room. The beds were super comfy. Highly recommend this place on the sole basis of a Whole Foods is a block down the street!! 
163126383	 Savoy Suites, at first glance, appears to be a boutique property with boutique amenities. What one quickly realizes is that it's a boutique that's obviously corporate owned. The food is mediocre and not worthy of the medium price. The air conditioning (in room) is so 1980...unacceptable in D.C. in the late spring. The wifi is terrible...slow as can be. Get ready for many dropped cell calls too. 
162784682	 This is one of those independently owned hotels that is a little off the beaten path, literally and figuratively. It's not really IN Georgetown, but it's fairly close. Wisconsin Ave is a long road and basically one long hill. The Savoy sits at the top, so the trip down by foot is great. But be prepared for the journey back!<br/>The hotel itself is nice, but a little frazzled. The lobby is small. The restaurant was PACKED on a Sunday afternoon. I guess their brunch is popular. Easy walk to some excellent restaurants. The rooms are fine. I had a sky view suite, which is essentially a regular room on a high floor with a jucuzzi in the middle of the room and an OK view of the top of the Washington National Cathedral. Not really worth the up charge. Bed is super comfy. Overall, considering the price of DC hotels, a really good place to stay. 
162754912	 The most important thing for me for this trip was a hotel location. I was visiting an embassy in the area and being as close as possible to 'embassy quarter' was a decisive factor in my hotel choice. The hotel itself is nice, room is perfectly clean, bright and spacious. I also liked the idea of using 'doughnut-shaped' soaps that could save some resources. If the hotel management could add even the simplest coffee-maker to the room I would give this hotel with an excellent mark. 
162682069	 We stayed here for a conference and a bit of sightseeing.<br/>The hotel has a great location, a mere block from restaurants and shopping. It also abuts a lovely park with trails and foliage.<br/>It is really not walking distance to the metro- but the hotel does have a shuttle (which runs rather odd hours- only mornings and evenings.) We ended up needing taxis somewhat regularly.<br/><br/>The room was very nice, very well appointed, and had a view of the capitol building and Washington monument. <br/><br/>the staff was very helpful, but the bar in the lounge was prohibitively expensive.<br/>for the very reasonable price, it was WELL worth the money. 
126680617	 a great hotel ! clean,cozy and convenient !! great views! helpful staff !<br/>i live down the street and whenever family visits this is where they stay. <br/>kevin the mamager always help me pick a room and makes sure my family is comfy.<br/>east yo get towntown from this little jem. 
126609459	 We just returned from a trip to DC and a five night stay at the Savoy Suites Hotel. I was nervous about finding a good hotel in a safe area since it was just me and my 16 year old son on the trip. All concerns went away once I saw the neighborhood the hotel was in, and the well-taken-care-of exterior of the hotel.<br/><br/>We took a Super Shuttle ride from BWI into DC/Georgetown so were along for the ride with three others. The first hotel we stopped at was the Hilton Towers, the second was the Omni Shoreham - and I just KNEW that we we were going to make a turn onto some horrid street and there would be our hotel. I just couldn't believe that after these two other nice hotels, ours could look better.<br/><br/>Boy, was I wrong.<br/><br/>The lobby is fantastic and so welcoming, as are the front desk staff. When you come in, you are greeted with a smile and check in is quick and pain-free. Throughtout our entire stay, no matter how busy they were, we were greeted with a smile and &quot;Welcome back!&quot; at the end of our long days. It went a l-o-n-g way to putting a postive spin on an exhausting day, let me tell you.<br/><br/>Security is very good here, as you have to use your key card to access any of the floors of the hotel (for instance, if you were to get on the elevator and ride up from the lobby, the elevator wil not let you out until you've used the card to i.d. yourself). We had zero problems with any scary types lurking about, as I've read has happened in some other places. The elevators &amp; hallways are clean and beautifully decorated. Very quiet too. I think we saw three other guests at different times in passing. There is plush carpeting on the hallways, so there is almost no noise from people walking or rolling luggage by.<br/><br/>Our room was better than I expected. It's always hard to tell what a room is going to be like from website pictures (hence, the reason I look at traveler photos on TA), but this is one case where it looked better in person. The room was quite large and we had plenty of space to spread out and be comfortable. Storing clothes for two for a week's stay was no problem.<br/><br/>We had a standard 2 queen room, which had a large desk with a wide drawer for storing cords, medications, etc. The two beds had Tempur Pedic mattresses on them that were beyond comfortable. We really loved those beds. In fact, the first night home I woke with a back ache from not having slept on the hotel bed! How many times has THAT happened?? The linens are super soft &amp; cozy, with a down comforter encaswed in a crisp, white duvet cover. At least five pillows, with a small decorative pillow that could be used for more comfort. Very soft, nice blankets were provided in the dresser drawers which I used one night. A small chair with an ottoman was very nice, and my son enjoyed relaxing in it and watching TV. There was a small end table by the chair for food or drinks (I used it as my make-up/hair base while the son was taking a shower). A large dresser with a big, flat screen TV with alot of cable channels sits between the beds. There is a suit hanger for steaming clothes, and an ironing board &amp; iron in the closet. The closet also housed a mini-fridge and coffee maker (you can request a microwave, free of charge, as is available). There was enough room for both of my suitcases, shoes, clothes hanging, and son's backpack. The bathroom is small, but functionally and pretty luxurious. Shower had AMAZING water pressure and immediately hot water that never wavered. Towels were thick and soft. We didn't use the shampoo, lotion, or body wash ammenities, but did use the soaps and they were very nice and non-drying. A large magnifying make up mirror is provided, as is a metal rack/shelf that sits under the sink area to hold towels and a hairdryer (which worked great). There is a phone in there as well (for those calls you just can't miss - apparently!).<br/><br/>Right outside the bathroom door is a small dressing area that provided enough privacy behind a small wall for us to change and whatnot without feeling exposed or embarrassing each other or ourselves.<br/><br/>We took advantage of the vending machines to stock ourselves up on water, juice and soda. And we might have also stocked up munchies. The machines take paper money, coins, and credit/debit cards. They also had coin operated washers and dryers, and a TV running constantly and reading material if you wanted to stay with your laundry. We did not use them, but they seemed to always have a load or two going at any given time.<br/><br/>We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant, as my son has a slightly lower expectation on food than I do!! But we used Ledo's Pizza and Kitchen One for delivery that was very, very good. My son would have eaten Ledo's breakfast, lunch, and dinner if he could have. I don't know if the staff is used to food delivery, but they always called us and let us know our food was there and were very kind and gracious about it.<br/><br/>Check out was simple and quick, and they had no problem with us and our luggage hanging out in the lobby for about 1/2 hour waiting for our ride to show up. Speaking of which, we utilized MC Sedan which operates in conjunction with the hotel, and it made me wish we'd used them to pick us up at the airport as well. Our driver was A #1, and the car was luxurious and comfortable.<br/><br/>The nighborhood is great, with a Wells Fargo just catty corner to the hotel and the Russian Embassy across the street. We walked down to the CVS pharmancy and Subway sandwhich shop one day and it was a quick walk down, and little longer walk back up the hill. I&quot;m not in great shape, and it was not too difficult. There are lots of little boutique restaurants and shops as well that we did not have time to go into. We either ordered cabs to pick us up or hailed one from the sidewalk in front of the hotel, and it was worth the few extra dollars for a stress free and quick ride to the Mall area. The most expensive ride we had was $15, so definitely affordable if you plan right.<br/><br/>If you have any questions about anything I've missed, feel free to send me a private message. I cannot recommend this hotel enough, and we will certainly stay here again on our next visit to the nation's capitol! 
126589256	 I am at this property often and I am greeted with such great enthusiasm each time that I stay here. It really gives the feeling of returning home at times. I want to thank the staff for this great feeling, especially Tiffany, Kamairia, and my special girl Saba! You are one in a million and again I thank you for your dedication to make me feel at home! 
126523243	 I visited D C twice this year so far and stayed at the Savoy both times, I really enjoyed the location which is walking distance to everything. I really liked that there were no surprises upon arrival. Everything looked as advertised, clean and a well informed staff was very helpful. Will be a destination for all my future trips to the nation's capitol. 
126498628	 We were there only one evening while visiting univerisites in the area with our daughter. They gave us a great room, spotlessly clean, with comfy beds and lovely toiletries. We had rented a car so the free parking was a plus. Their staff was friendly and helpful.<br/><br/>The next morning we had hteir buffet breakfast which was quite good at a very reasonable price. Checking out was quick and efficient. 
126447763	 The hotel is in a great location, close enough to walk (and get some excercise) in Georgetown but also quiet even though it is on a main street. Lots of places to eat nearby although the hotel does serve good food to which comes in handy if you arrive late in the day. Staff really, helpful, professional and friendly (special shout out to Jordan on reception who helped me with a computer issue - Thank you!). Room was a good size, clean and comfortable. I would recommend this hotel for anyone who is looking for a base to explore Washington (I had a view of the White House) at a reasonable price. 
133465805	 Panoramic views of DC from rooms here! We watched fireworks from our window. We were in Room 605 - the main window faced the street, but the window on the side faced the Washington Monument. This was July 3, so we did not expect fireworks, but somewhere in Virginia, maybe Arlington or Old Town Alexandria, we saw some great fireworks! The room was spacious and nicely decorated. The bathroom was small but very nice. Wifi is great and easy. Plus FREE PARKING!!! This is very hard to find in DC anywhere. We stayed at another DC hotel where the parking was $36 per day. 
133425790	 My husband and I took our kids (5 and 8 yo) down to Washington, DC for the first time in June and found this hotel a total gem. Staff was friendly and accommodating, room was a decent size and clean, shuttle to the metro was a plus, and bus stop was only 1 block away. Great value! 
133355009	 Stayed here while on a work trip to Washington last week. The rooms were really spacious and clean. Especially loved the beds which were of the right texture, not too hard or soft and with plenty of pillows - in fact I had 5 on my bed. Totally gave us the much need rest after a day's of hard work.<br/><br/>The only drawback was the air-conditioner, didn't really have temperature control on it so it's either too cold or too warm, but hiding under the comfy blanket sort of solves the too cold issue so we're good with it. <br/><br/>There's a bus stop near the hotel too with many buses that brings you to Georgetown and to the museums. The bus fare is a flat $1.70 irregardless of where you go.<br/><br/>Didn't have time to explore the metro though but the hotel does have free shuttle services to the nearest metro during stipulated timings so those on holiday could use that. <br/><br/>Thoroughly enjoyed the free parking and the free wifi too! Would consider staying there again if I ever head back to DC. 
133172307	 My wife and I stayed here towards the end of June. We were impressed by the cleanliness of the hotel, the friendliness of the staff, and the free shuttle service to the nearest metro station. The location isn't anywhere near downtown D.C, but is in a nice area - with some decent places to eat nearby. It doesn't take too long to take the metro into town. 
132819323	 we chose this based on the reviews.The hotel is certainly good as far as rooms but little else matches.We stayed one night and after departure ( on arrival at 5pm at next destination) I realised I had left on the bed a very expensive white linen shirt ( my fault I know I should be more careful!)I immediately phone savoy suites front desk and explained.they said no problem they would check with housekeeping and call me back.They didnt.Next day I spoke to a different person who said she would leave a message on my mobile.She didnt! 4 days and still no response.I then went to hotel on way from baltimore to airport ( a long way out of my way),and when I explained the situation to the front desk they said they were not aware of the situation and couldnt find my shirt&gt;As a realist I accept that the cleaner may have taken the shirt home,fair enough, but to completely ignore the guest for 4 days is just not acceptable for a hotel customer service.They took my e mail and said they would contact me.Lets wait and see!!! 
132713864	 Tucked away in a charming section of Georgetown, The Savoy Suites offered charm, location and comfort. The staff was incrediby helpful and friendly, the accomodations were clean and nicely appointed. My only disappointment was the lack of wi-fi in the room, even though it was advertised. In their defense, I did not report it so they did not have an opportunity to rectify it.<br/><br/>The restaurant and lounge are small but comfy, the food was good, the lobby is tastefully decorated. <br/><br/>It was a great experience. 
198579259	 The room was a little dated but clean and the people, especially Ryan, were really nice and helpful. The biggest downer was that the walls seemed really thin and we could hear the convos of the people in both adjoining rooms. Also, the windows must have been really thin because we could hear the trucks and buses as they went by. The location was great, though! 
198442403	 Not the best accommodations but when you need a safe and clean hotel, you should look no further to this hotel. Really comfortable beds and kind front desk staff. Building is a bit dated though. Highly recommended, 
197644230	 The staff was wonderful and very accommodating. The bed was one of the best I have ever slept in at a hotel. The room was clean and the hotel is very secure. Parking is $20 /day but worth it since parking in DC is a nightmare. My only complaint is the thin walls. We could hear our neighbors at all hours of the night which made for a not very restful sleep. That's not the fault of the staff or anything but of the hotel structure itself.<br/><br/> It's only about 3 blocks from the National Cathedral (a must if you are in Georgetown) and about a 20 minute walk to the nearest metro. Yes, there is a lot of walking involved but that is how people get around in DC, they walk or take the metro. We took the shuttle once to the metro from the hotel and had no problems.<br/><br/> The guy making drinks at the bar makes some great cocktails as well. There is also a Starbucks and Whole Foods about 2 blocks down the street for those of you not wanting the food from the hotel restaurant. Overall it was a great location and value for the price. 
197576344	 One of the things my wife and I do when we decide to take a trip somewhere is to spend a great deal of time researching where we want to stay. We consider everything from cost to proximity to local attractions. After much careful deliberation we decided to try out the Savoy Suites. I can flat out tell you to book this hotel!!!<br/><br/>We arrived late in the evening on Saturday 3/8 and found the staff was very busy checking in guests. From the very first foot in the front door, we were met by a friendly and energetic staff that really seemed to enjoy what they were doing. Clearly these people understand what good customer service is and practice it!!!<br/><br/>People refer to this hotel as a boutique property. I would agree that the feeling is of a small specialty retailer as apposed to a big box feel. The lobby and restaurant/ bar area are nicely appointed in a comfortable welcoming sort of way. Not over the top fancy with a stuffy feeling.<br/><br/>We were assisted to our room by a wonderfully funny and charming man who went out of his way to make sure we were comfortable and had what we needed to settle in. We were given room 617. Two queen sized beds with overstuffed and comfortable pillows, heavy and thick cotton sheets and comforter on each bed. The beds had some sort of memory foam that made them an absolute dream to fall asleep on. You will sleep deeply and comfortably on these beds in this room.<br/><br/>The view from the room ranges from an overlook of the surrounding Georgetown neighborhood if you look to the right to the Russian Embassy if you look to the left. In the distance you get views of the National Cathedral which is just several blocks away.<br/><br/>Each and every day we were greeted by the front desk staff with a friendly &quot;have a nice day&quot; as we headed out or &quot; how was your day?&quot; as we returned from our day. It never seemed as though these greetings were forced but given with genuine care for us as their guests!!!<br/><br/>I would suggest not getting a car and using the public transportation system better known as the Metro. You can catch the bus at the end of the block and transfer to the subway system at any one of the numerous transit stations. We almost always transferred at the Foggy Bottom station which is directly next to George Washington Medical complex. This is an easy 10 minute commute via the metro system. From this point you can easily reach anywhere in the DC metro area within minute as trains regularly come and go with virtually no waiting.<br/><br/>If you want to stay at a guest friendly and welcoming hotel on the smaller scale in a neighborhood setting; book this hotel. You will love your entire experience!!! 
197447784	 We arrived late from a law conference at around 2 a.m. We were treated like gold by Antonieta, especially for our late night arrival. We were so tired and she was so prompt in getting us the room we needed. We booked through a third party and the room was not registered in the system. She took the time to call and was not frustrated. She made us feel at home and that she cared about us. Because of her hospitality, we will definitely be back to the Savoy Suites soon. (next time without booking through the third party)!. The rooms were very nice and comforting. The location is great as we have another law conference at American University tomorrow. Thank you Antonieta and Savoy Suites for making our trip to Washington D.C. so enjoyable!! 
197436688	 I stayed at this hotel during my sight-seeing vacation in Washington D.C. The room is very spacious and comfortable. The staff was amazing, especially Abou, Simon, and Carlos who all were extremely friendly. They recommended amazing restaurants that we were always pleased with. 
121809774	 Stayed 2 nights while visiting nearby relatives, so we picked Savoy Suites simply because of its proximity to them. But boy was I WOWed by the place! Tucked away in a neighborhood where I'd never expect to see a hotel, but there it was, and it was great. The neighborhood was fantastic and beautiful. A large Whole Foods nearby, great restaurants, and lovely walks around the neighborhood. Hats off to the whole staff (whom I wish I could remember by name and thank personally)--we felt at home right away. The security was simple but amazing and a real comfort. Great bed, great room and amenities (wifi! fridge!). We'll be back for sure. Thanks and kudos for a great place and a job well done to all the staff. 
121747800	 Excellent hotel! Staff were very helpful especially Vince - he couldn't do enough to help us he was lovely! Wifi is excellent good strong signal, free secure parking is a bonus too. Location is excellent. 5 minute walk to national cathedral and restaurants/supermarkets nearby. We were 5 mins from the 'circulator' bus stop which is only $1 takes u to White house/Capitol hill too, taxi is only around $10 to White house. 5 minute walk to Georgetown which is a lovely area with nice shops &amp; cafes etc. Rooms had flat screen tv's, microwave and fridge, sink and plates/cutlery too (we had normal king room). Would definitely stay here again! 
121739443	 Great location, a walking distance to the National Cathederal and Howard Law School. The staff is amazing and most importantly the rooms are exceptional. Free shuttle going to the metro transit 
121558305	 Hats off to this wonderful boutique hotel. We felt right at home the minute we walked in. From the Reception Desk to the Dining room to the Lounge the staff was incredible. No &quot;hotel&quot; food here the Chef is a marvel as is his staff. Our rooms were very comfortable, spacious, well kept AND from our window we could see the Washington Monument, an unexpected plus for a first time Washington visitor. Being able to stroll the neighborhood added to our pleasure. I would recommend the Savoy Suites to both business travelers and my friends. My next visit to DC will include a stay with the Savoy Suites. 
121469598	 I was recently a guest for several days in this hotel while participating in a training institute. Even before arrival, the staff who assisted me on the phone were upbeat and most helpful. I was amazed by the service upon arrival. Someone assisted with my bag immediately and we were greeted as soon as we walked through the doors and each time we passed through the lobby. When David said, &quot;Welcome home&quot;, he meant just that and we were treated as dear houseguests by all for the remainder of our stay. The rooms were spacious and our beds were very comfortable. When we needed a ride to or from the metro station, the shuttle was right there for us. The desk clerks, restaurant staff, meeting room attendants, housekeepers and shuttle drivers made sure all our needs were met. The service was truly impeccable. Each staff person seemed to take pride in their &quot;home&quot; and they provided the best stay ever in a hotel. 
121358119	 David and Abey made our five night stay a true pleasure. From the moment we drove up, we were impressed by the extraordinary service. When I entered the hotel, hotel staff were exiting to unload the car. The rooms were hospital clean. The Tempor-pedic beds were delightful. When I called the front desk, they answered with &quot;Good Morning, Mr. Close&quot;. Their underground garage was spotless and the parking spots were a good size. Security was top notch. A call from an attached telephone was required just to get the garage door opened from the outside. From there, the electronic room key was needed to access the hotel from the elevator. The van service to the Metro Rail Station was quick and always on time. It was a perfect stay. I couldn't have been happier.<br/><br/>Ron Close 
222773473	 The staff is so friendly and helpful. It was our first trip to the DC area and the front desk staff answered a lot of questions patiently. The room is big and clean. Shuttle bus service to the subway station is convenient. Nice bars and restaurants are just outside the hotel. Verything was perfect. 
222694839	 I enjoyed my stay. The staff was absolutely the BEST. The manager accommodated me with a late check out. I had lost my license. When I got to my room I was disappointed I did not have a tub, I called the front desk and the manager gave me another room. The manager met me at the room and gave me the new room number with the key. The manger saw me struggling with my bag and offered to help me. The area was great. There are a few local bars and eatery places. It is pretty quiet. The only suggestion I would offer is to update carpet in the rooms. I will definitely stay here again. Best hotel experience of my life, I even found FREE street parking. If you rent a car rent the smallest possible for street parking. 
222084093	 The Savoy is a comfortable hotel with outstanding staff. The front office staff is so friendly (Ryan was particularly energetic) and helpful, it feels good to walk into the small but nice lobby. The rooms are spacious. The location is not near a metro, but there are lots of good restaurants around and the city buses run right to the main places down town. I'd stay here again. 
222017425	 Love the small staff and I see the same people each visit. Great location for when I visit my daughter at AU! They have a free shuttle for going into campus and will go the extra mile to help out. So relaxing to grab a bite to eat downstairs or stroll across the street and choose from the many selections of restaurants. 
221902601	 My wife and I stayed at the Savoy Suites during a vacation to DC and we were impressed. I've stayed at varying hotels throughout the US, some expensive, some moderately priced, and the Savoy definitely makes the short list of places I'd stay again. <br/><br/>Pros:<br/>Moderately priced <br/>Great area, vary safe, fun nightlife <br/>Staff went above and beyond<br/>Very pet friendly<br/>Overall very welcoming<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>30 dollar per night parking<br/>Could use a little updating<br/><br/>Overall the pros heavily outweighed the cons and we felt very at home during our stay. The staff went out of their way to be as accommodating as possible and the location made our trip much easier. Definitely a highlight of our trip, would recommend this hotel to any family or friends. <br/> 
221791360	 This is excellent hotel for the Georgetown area! Staff is very friendly. We came 3 hours earlier and were very tired. It was heavy rain outside. We were surprised that they allowed us to check in almost immediately. Room is very clean and comfortable. We would like to thank Saba and Hajiza at the front desk for authentic kindness and understanding customers needs. Next time we will stay in this hotel. 
45386068	 This hotel was &quot;ok&quot;.<br/>While it was very clean and had large rooms the service was dreadful.<br/>The front desk staff weren't very helpful or friendly and stood like &quot;body guards&quot;inside the desk 2 or 3 of them together and seemed to be laughing at anyone who walked by reception.They also seemed to have nothing else to do but stand there. Breakfast was a complete rip off as it wasn't very nice and was $14.95.Walk a few steps down the hill and you'll get a much nicer breakfast and half the price.<br/>Good points, it had the bus stop accross the street to take you downtown and that was an excellent bus srevice, very regular and went at all hours which was great<br/>Parking also was fine,I was picturing a nightmare scene when I got to the hotel after reading reviews in trip advisor, but once you don't mind getting in and out of tight spots you'll be grand.Park up the car here for your stay as trying to find parking downtown is a no go.Overall not the worst place in the world to stay once you stay away from the staff!!<br/>Beds were comfortable, I wouldn't stay here again to be honest. 
44640165	 The stay was a nightmare, the reviews were not that great at tripadvisor, but looking at the hotel details on their website we decided to chance it. we paid $$$ for a sky box suite with jaccuzzi . metallic paper was coming out of the jaccuzzi bath. complained about it and they took 48 hrs to fix it. even after that these papers/dirt was coming out. very poort customer service.The receptionist was very very rude. we paid 30 USD less on a power package from their website, and they claimed this was the reason for such lousey service. This is not acceptable. even if you gave some one a free coupon to stay you have to treat them same as someone who paid the full price. wifi was disconnecting all the time..<br/>not worth the money. KEEP AWAY !!! 
37938229	 We enjoyed every bit of Savoy Suites...wonderful beds, fantastic and incredibly helpful front desk service, very complete breakfasts, and Georgetown location was perfect. Bus lines are easy access, yummy restaurants within walking distance, and a small town feel within a large city. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. 
37763224	 We stayed three nights (Aug. 1-3) and loved this place. Has a free shuttle to metro, easy access to buses, great location -upper Georgetown, and best bed I ever slept in (Temperpedic). Got a great deal on the Power Pass offered at Washington.org. Check it out. Hotel restaurant is good also. Nice staff! Would stay again in a minute. 
34991151	 My wife and I just spent another weekend vacation at this hotel. We enjoyed ourselves very much. The room was very large with many amenities, including a large screen flat tv, a microwave oven, a coffee maker, etc. The room service was very good, as was the front desk service. The breakfast buffet is very satisfactory, with eggs, cereal, pastries, coffee, etc. Because it is located not within easy walking distance of a metro station, the hotel provides a very convenient and cordial van service to the Woodley Park Metro Station. All in all, a very nice place to stay while visiting Washington DC and we would highly recommend it. 
34928093	 My colleagues and I booked 2 rooms in February 2009 at Savoy Suites. We had been closed out of the conference hotel (approximately 1.5 miles away) for an event to be held July 2009. The night before departure, I telphoned to confirm the reservation. However, when we arrived on July 14th, Savoy Suites personnel informed us that there was no room at the inn. A travel group had overstayed its reservation to our detriment. Alternate accomodations had been arranged at the Comfort Inn, Arlington, VA- a location not anywhere near our conference.<br/>Moral: Book Savoy Suites at your peril!!! 
83627019	 Not only wsa the staff courteous and professional, they were a lot of fun to deal with.  They took care of every one of our needs regardless of how busy they were.  When I come to Washington DC again, I will definitly stay there.  .  <br/><br/>The mattress was great which made sleeping very comfortable. The room was very clean <br/><br/>We attended a wedding in the Ballroom which also added to the excellent experience. <br/><br/>Thanks to everyone that made our stay pleasant. 
83541608	 Misrepresented view and horribly dirty windows. The internet did not work most of the time. The only thing good about this hotel was the BED. The surrounding area was OK but underwhelmed with the hotel as we felt it was totally different from the internet description. The coffeemaker was also dirty. 
81060248	 This past March was our second stay at Savoy Suites, this time with another couple to celebrate two March birthdays. The hotel is up on a hill on Wisconsin Ave. and both times we stayed there we had wonderful views. (In March we looked out of our window and realized that we could see the spires of the National Cathedral beyond the nearby trees.) If you're fond of Georgetown, the location is great: a couple of blocks from Whole Foods, Pearson's Wines and our favorite barbecue place. Up hill is the Cathedral and down takes you into the heart of G'town and M Street. The beds are wonderful, the rooms are large and well lit, the parking is convenient and every staff person we encountered was friendly and helpful. On an earlier stay during warm weather we had drinks out on the patio while listening to a jazz pianist. My wife and I enjoyed this hotel more than most we have stayed at in G'town and we will be staying there again. 
77670039	 We chose this hotel due to the reasonable rates and I was a little worried at first as there are plenty of nice hotels to be found in the Georgetown DC area. But I really liked our stay there and had a nice view of the Washington monument and capitol to boot. Staff was nice and helpful. We were walking distance to the metro bus line and Whole Foods and CVS so that was nice. The beds are to die for, temper-pedic rules!<br/>I would say the only minor draw back would have to be the bathrooms are small and have no fan. That is a minor observation and the next time I go I would most certainly stay at the Savoy again as long as the rates stay reasonable. <br/>Just be sure to call them asap if you will not be arriving as planned so they do not charge you for a room you will not be using if you have plane complications! 
77591179	 We chose this hotel based on its proximity to a reunion being held nearby, and stayed on the 8th floor. I loved this hotel--we had a jacuzzi in our room right next to the bed, my husband and I both loved the mattress (best sleep we've had other than at home!), and the staff was helpful and provided prompt service in every way. I took a walk on the second day of our three-day stay, and walked past interesting stores and a variety of eateries: in just about a mile and a half, I passed an authentic French bakery, a great BBQ joint (Rockland's), an excellent German restaurant called Old Europe (site of the reunion), and more. My only tiny negative comment was that it seemed warm in the hallway going to and from our room (an AC issue), but I didn't bother to mention it to the staff. We appreciated the military room rate and would definitely stay again. 
75835748	 We chose this hotel because of a special rate found online and for its location, close to American University, where we were delivering our daughter for her 2nd year of college. When we arrived late at night from the airport, the front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was excellent, with very comfortable beds and a fridge, which was very helpful. I made daily morning walks to the nearby Whole Foods store to bring back breakfast supplies. <br/><br/>Free parking in DC is almost unheard of, but the Savoy offers it. The garage was full when we arrived, but we were given a parking pass for a lot at a nearby public commumity center, which we were assured was safe. This option worked out fine, as we avoided potential problems with the tight parking stalls in the garage that other reviewers had mentioned.<br/><br/>There are several restaurants within walking distance of the hotel, as well as an onsite restaurant, but we didn't use any of them. We did visit the nearby health club, that is free for hotel guests. This was a great facility and the workout was welcome.<br/><br/>One downside to the hotel's location is its distance from the Metro (subway). The hotel offers a shuttle service, which we didn't use. Bus service on Wisconsin Avenue seemed to be frequent, with direct routes to Georgetown.<br/><br/>All in all, we were very satisfied with our stay and will definitely consider staying here again when planning future visits to DC. 
170851570	 I traveled to the DC area for one weekend I would have to say this is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. The air broke in my room they sent someone to fix it and it broke again within the hour. The walls were dirty and the ceiling had old water spots carpet was very nasty. The parking is horrible also the staff do not help at all with giving you directions within that area. Also they tell your free shuttle services which may be true but you have to call the number yourself. The hotel is very far from all the main attractions. Also they do not have good selection of food and no doors to their showers either water flys everywhere. The only good thing were the beds they were pretty good. 
170567660	 We recently returned from an overnight stay in D.C. after attending a session at American University. The entire staff (front desk and restaurant/bar) could not have been more pleasant and helpful. The rooms were absolutely immaculate. We highly recommend Savoy Suites to anyone traveling to D.C. As I travel to D.C. frequently, Savoy Suites will be my hotel of choice. So glad we found this diamond in the rough!!! 
169392212	 We stayed here in mid-July, during a 3 week holiday of the US from Australia. Overall, we both rated our stay as 3.5, but using TripAdvisor's classification, have to give it 3, because nothing pushed it to 4. We had the Bubbles &amp; Breakfast package, so had a room with 2 queen beds and b'fast included. Didn't use the gym, Georgetown is safe and easy to run within, so I highly recommend a local run instead. <br/><br/>Positives: Great sized rooms, with comfy beds. The bathroom was very modern, though I personally don't care for showers that don't have doors or curtains - the room never stays dry like the design makes you think it will. The bathroom was a pleasant surprise given the age and worn feeling of the rest of the hotel. It was walking distance to M street, though late at night we just got a cab back to the hotel (&lt;$10). Our check-in staff member, Justin, was extremely helpful and positive, and he really helped us with his local knowledge. Food, drug stores and convenience stores are extremely convenient - 5 minutes walk. I personally loved the feel of Georgetown/Glover Park, so the location suited us. DC is far, we didn't personally utilise the shuttle service. A local friend got us onto the DC Circulator, which was about 10 mins walk away, on 35th Street (easily done in such nice weather) which had a flat $1 ticket cost. We used that to get us into Union Square so we could see the political landmarks. The coin operated laundry was an added bonus for us, even though we had a very interesting experience using it after a night out, at 3am. <br/><br/>Negatives:<br/>The shuttle was not useful for us at all - M street has plenty to offer, so why no shuttle to and from there? The shuttle didn't operate between 1030 and 4pm, so for the two of us on summer vacation, we never really suited the times for it either. The included breakfast was pretty ordinary - I had it alone on Friday morning and was surprised at what was on offer. Saturday morning was better, with fresh, hot options like omelette and waffles on offer. We wanted to have a late start on Sunday, and were surprised breakfast didn't go any later on a Sunday versus other days. Our bubbles were also a bit hopeless - we received it late on the first night (despite it being upon arrival), and had to request a bottle opener for the second night to open it - seems obvious to supply a bottle opener, right? <br/><br/>Overall, had a nice experience here. I would stay here again if I wanted to stay in Georgetown (which is entirely possible - it's beautiful), but wouldn't recommend it for anyone wanting to be in DC city. 
169144483	 We stayed in this hotel for two nights.The rooms were clean and big, maybe a bit old, but still nice. The gym is in general nice, even though one of two treadmills was damaged. The breakfast was a great experience with many fresh fruits and eggs prepared on site. Overall we enjoyed staying in the hotel very much.<br/>However, the main issue that spoiled the nice stay was the parking situation when checking out. To our surprise, we were asked to remove our car until 1pm or we would need to pay another 20$ for the few remaining hours to our actual departure at 4pm. (We planed to do some sightseeing at our last day.) The employee at the reception quickly became annoyed and told us that there is free parking space in a neighboring street, which, by the way, would have been nice to know at the first day. 
168923859	 I stayed here for two nights recently and was pleasantly surprised with just about everything. Our room was upgraded when we checked in for free although we didn't have any views from our room, it was clean, spacious, and comfortable. The staff was very helpful with directions around the city. This hotel is located within walking distance to over a dozen lovely restaurants (some good ones include Slate, Sweet Greens, and the Pho/Viet Sandwich Shop). There's also a Whole Foods and CVS, as well as a liquor store and gas station within 10 minutes. Great location and easy access to downtown Washington. I would DEFEINITELY stay here again and recommend it to friends. 
168920483	 A really nice, comfortable hotel that has many signs of quality. In a very safe area and fairly priced. <br/><br/>The main issue is the location. It is a 20min walk to any metro station. They do offer a free shuttle to the metro, but this doesn't run all the time and is a bit of a hassle. But location wise with the city, it is good. DuPont circle is a couple of miles away and we walked all the way to the Lincoln memorial in under an hour. 
134837253	 The staff went out of their way to make us comfortable. Spacious rooms, nice and clean. Having a parking garage at the hotel is a huge bonus. I can't stress this enough. Parking spots in Georgetown are extremely hard to find. Knowing you'll have a space to park is great.<br/><br/>There's a huge park one block down from the hotel. We took the kids there 3 days straight. They loved it!! The hotel doesn't have a swimming pool but the park more than makes up for it.<br/><br/>Restaurants, Whole Foods, drugstore, Starbucks, and Bars all in walking distance (3 or 4 blocks). Burger joint down the street stays open past midnight.<br/><br/>Hotel restaurant was nice. When you go, order the beef filet. Great meal. After a couple of days I knew a lot of the hotel staff by name. lol Aside from the hotel being clean and well kept, the staff is the crown jewel of this establishment. It's hard to find customer service like this. <br/><br/>We have lots of friends and family in the metro area. The Savoy will be our hotel every time we're in D.C. 
134770647	 The staff was very cordial and extremely helpful. We were travelling with small kids and the staff made them feel very welcome. The rooms were spacious and comfortable with high end fixtures in the bathrooms and plush linens on the beds. The hotel itself has the feeling of a small, quaint bed and breakfast. The hotel is located within walking distance of a Whole Foods, a CVS, a Starbucks and several restaurants. We dined in the hotel bistro several times (including dinner) and the food was excellent--great tasting and well-plated. 
134632550	 My family and I just stayed here for a long weekend. We loved the free parking which is one of the reasons we booked initially. Upon our arrival the employees at the front desk welcomed us with smiles and were so gracious. The hotel is beautiful and the rooms are in great condition. There is a sitting area outside with comfy couches and umbrellas. The food in the hotel is very good and the breakfasts are reasonably priced for how much food you get. We ate at a restaurant Filomena in Georgetown which I highly recommend. They had the most amazing food. It's around the corner from Serendipity III which we also enjoyed. There are so many great restaurants and stores a couple of minutes away. I can't wait to stay here again to finish our tour of DC. 
134451108	 After reading hundreds of mixed reviews of this Georgetown Hotel, I decided to book...with a bit of apprehension. Well...no need to worry. Located near stores, transportation and sights, this hotel was perfect for a family visit to DC. The staff were pleasant and knowledgeable. The room was clean and well appointed. The free parking was an added bonus. Oh...and the parking garage was small but well-lit. Would definately stay again. Restaurant was ok. 
134223848	 We live in the neighborhood, so when the power went out we called the Savoy Suites. They had a room available, but I don't know why. OK, there is no pool. I get that. But you can walk to great restaurants and even to Georgetown. The rooms are spacious and well appointed. The place is clean and feels very safe, the parking is free, and the staff is very friendly. We had a view of the monuments from our 8th floor room (which had a jacuzzi). Tremendous! Give this place a try. Seems it is too much of a well kept secret.... 
134199679	 Our experience was a pleasant one overall. The room and bathroom were clean. The neighborhood is great. This was a family trip to DC and I would recommend the hotel for families due to the availability of restaurants, a drugstore and a Whole Foods down the street. There is also a nice playground nearby.<br/>The shuttle is convenient as long as you are leaving the hotel before 10am. If you miss it you have to rely on a bus or taxi to get you to a metro or your destination.<br/>The staff, with the exception of one rude employee, was great. I tried the breakfast buffet ($11) only once and was not impressed. It was standard buffet- cereal, baked goods, yogurt. The eggs and bacon were greasy and flavorless. <br/>The only downside to the room was the noisy air conditioner. 
6842984	 I drove to DC to visit American University with my daughter. She stayed in a dorm with a friend while I stayed at this hotel. It was only $99/night AAA price....This is not a fancy hotel, but the price was right....... Has free wireless internet!<br/>I booked through AAA, but when I got there they didn't have the room type I reserved. I wanted King, no smoking with microwave and fridge. I got 2 double beds + kitchenette. It had a real stove and a microwave- added during a refab probably - not a built-in kitchen by any means.... <br/>Though garage/free parking was advertised- the garage was &quot;under repair&quot; and I had to park on the street or in a lot down the block, around the corner and further down the street. For a woman traveling alone- this was not ideal. Snow from a previous storm was still on the neighboring sidewalks, making my walk to my car treacherous. The neighborhood is not too bad, so I wasn't unduly concerned.<br/>No shampoo, conditioner, etc. provided- though a placard stated if I'd forgotten anything, such as toothpaste, shampoo, etc.... just call... Washclothes were not replenished the 2nd day. Some mildew between the shower tiles.<br/> 
5771357	 I love pleasant surprises and the Savoy Suites was full of them. First: a city hotel with a country view? I had a lovely oversized well-appointed room with a view of the woods, a lovely church steeple and off in the distance the US Naval Observatory. Room: #308. Second: Free parking. Yes free secured garage parking in the city. Third: the outdoor deck was great, a lovely setting in the middle of the city. Fourth: the neighborhood of Glover Park was spectacular: safe, clean and walking distance to several bars and restaurants, a Starbucks, CVS and a Whole Foods Market. Fifth: excellent staff always ready to assist and greet you. I would have no hesitation of staying here again and love when I feel that I have stumbled on a &quot;find.&quot;<br/> 
4219910	 As a business traveler, I have certain things that I need. A high speed connection, good lights, a workable desk, and little things like ice and vending close to my room, and an ATM in the lobby.<br/><br/>The hi speed wireless worked just fine, the room was okay, not opulent. There is one vending and ice machine, located on the garage level, and the morning buffett was overpriced, but then again this is DC. CLose to a couple of neighborhood restaurants. No ATM but there is a bank across the street. Far enough away from the metro and with an irregular shuttle to the Metro station, to make cabbing it a requirement.<br/> 
3741495	 We arrived back in Minnesota after spending 7 nights at the Savoy Suites. The staff are VERY helpful, even for a hick so far away !!! The location of the Savoy is in Old Georgetown, wow !! The suite we stayed in was clean, comfortable and our home away from home. There are several unique and wonderful restaurants in walking distance as well as a well supplied CVS pharmacy, and even a playground for those with little kids. The complimentry breakfast buffet with the room was a delight for my 11 yr old son. Having on site laundry facilities was also a plus. If I ever return to Washington DC, this is THE only place I would consider staying at.<br/> 
3427344	 I don't know why they called this room a suite. - it was the size of your basic hotel room. Furniture was worn and we had to call down to get batteries for the remote conrol. No shampoo. Otherwise the room was clean and the staff courteous. There are lots of restaurants and a Whole Foods market right down the street. No metro nearby.<br/> 
3011206	 Location is the key here: the hotel is an easy walking distance to the National Cathedral &amp; several embassies, some excellent Wisconsin Ave restaurants, a Post Office, and a Whole Foods Market, from which I stocked the generously sized room fridge. The free shuttle to the Metro &amp; central Georgetown is also a plus. Staff was pleasant and helpful, but the hotel itself was an odd mix of luxury (a whirlpool bath) and bare-bones, with shampoo, coffee maker, etc. available only on request. The restaurant was frequently out of many menu offerings.<br/> 
133938900	 excellent experience from check in to check out. superb hotel and especially all the staff 
133870487	 I've been staying at the Savoy since 1997 and have seen all the changes! It's a very nice boutique hotel with large rooms and a mini kitchenette. The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful. If you are looking for a nice quaint place in Georgetown I would definitely book here. 
133767238	 Found the Savoy to be clean,friendly and very convenient location.Staff was extremely helpful and friendly.Will definitely return when visiting DC 
133715021	 When visiting DC. I'm sure there are other hotels that are 5 star category spas and that are closer to the city but you are going to spend about 3 or 4 times more for their rooms. The SS hotel is a tremendous value. We stayed in a classic view room on the 6th floor with 2 queen beds. The room is very big. The distance from the beds to the walls is roughly 2-1/2 feet. The distance from each bed is roughly 5 ft with a desk in between at the head of the beds. The distance from the foot of the beds to the end of the room is about 8 ft. That gives you an idea of how spacious it is. When we checked in, the area had just experienced bad storms, luckily the hotel had electricity but the cable TV and internet was down. They apologized as it was not their fault. It came back on about 3 days into the stay. Internet is FREE and worked great in the room.<br/><br/>The beds and pillows are one of the most comfortable we've had for a hotel. The temp outside was about 99 everyday and the AC worked like a champ. The dial goes from 10 for hottest to 1 for coldest. We kept it around 4 to 5. That's how well it works. Also the fan continues to run even if the compressor is not kicking out cold air which is nice because it helps drown out any hallway or adjoining room noise. Which there hardly was any. Rooms are extremely quiet.<br/><br/>Bathroom is a little small but no issues. The walk in shower is unique. I suggest keeping a towel down on the floor to soak up any water that splashes out of the shower doorway. Not a big issue either - just a heads up. Loved the refrig and safe in the room. We used both.<br/><br/>Couple of constructive comments. The hotel promotes &quot;green&quot; by asking to re-use your towels. However the hooks and towel racks to store them are so poorly designed that it makes it impossible to keep them. That would be an easy inexpensive fix. Also did not like that there's no exhaust fan to clear the steam. This too would be an easy fix. Lastly the toilet paper quality for this type of hotel seemed below standard. Again not a deal breaker but I would think a little better type would be appreciated by everyone. One other thing that I did not like is the manual card that is hung on the door for &quot;house keeping&quot; on one side and &quot;do not disturb&quot; on the other. We put &quot;house keeping&quot; on the handle when we left one day and came back to an un-made room. Either someone played a trick and turned in around or it just moved. No worries as the guy came up with a fresh set of towels, soap, kleenex, and essentials. There has to be a better solution for this. I like the ones you can manually do from the inside of your room. Again not a big issue but it was just an extra hassle to deal with at the end of site seeing.<br/><br/>Staff at front desk is very helpful and pleasant. We had one issue as somebody told us we couldn't print out our returning boarding passes. We waited till the next day and that person said no problem. They were very friendly. Also liked that the elevators are right next to the front desk so they can see anybody who doesn't look like they should be there. And you need your room card to activate the elevator.<br/><br/>Ate at their restaurant The Twist a couple of times. Good. Loved the 20% off coupon. One suggestion I have is for the outside sitting deck or lounge. It would get more use if there were some wines that were in the $10 to $20 bottle range. The lowest offered was $30. Also no real choices for snacks like cheese and crackers or fruit or hummus or chips and salsa or nut mix - you know things offered with wines and beers. There was a wine shop down the street that got our business for that. I think more people would spend money at the SS restaurant deck or lounge if it was more competitive on price and variety.<br/><br/>Their shuttle service to Georgetown area and Zoo metro was nice and we used it a few times. MC Sedan services for the airport pick up and drop off was awesome. Ali the driver was very nice. There's even a coupon in the room for it. The neighborhood is so safe and eclectic. Lots of variety. Lots of shops and grocery stores/convenience stores within walking distance. Safeway is less expensive than Whole Foods and just a bit farther away. The Circulator Bus stop is about a 15 minute walk down Wisconsin Ave. We used that bus system rather than the MetroBus to get to the museums and downtown. Also walk north to the Cathedral and Macomb Street has a great selection of food places. Even the Vice President's house is about 5 minutes away and a good photo op. Many embassys near by as well and it was fun to walk the area and see them.<br/><br/>Take our trip advice. Stay here. It is a great hotel. 
133711401	 My mother and I were guests at the Savoy Hotel this past May and we just loved the hotel. This will be our hotel when we're in Washington DC. The staff was extremely professional, courteous, and all other adjectives to compliment them from the time we arrived until we departed. My only complaint if I have to have one is that we had leave so soon. The shuttle driver went out of his way to show us parts of Georgetown when were on our way to the Metro Station and I know he didn't have to give us the mini tour. It was greatly appreciated.<br/><br/>If you're into healthy eating, there is a Whole Foods Market about 2 blocks down the street.<br/><br/>Thank you very much Savoy for the wonderful experience. 
133535169	 Very nice hotel close to Georgetown, free parking (although not for a Suburban!), friendly staff. 
166857750	 I stayed at the Savoy Suites for two nights while some construction work was being done on my home. The pet friendly policy was definitely a plus. On 7/8, I was informed by the construction manager that I would need to stay out of my home for one additional night. I logged on to my computer to make a reservation, but decided to call the hotel to check availability. I contacted the Savoy at 10:21 pm and was told that they were fully committed, but was able to make a reservation on line at 10:26 pm. I called the 202-337-9700 to ask why I was misinformed if indeed they had availability. The guy said that their was a computer glitch and it appeared as if they were fully committed. As a former flight attendant and a professional who has worked in customer service for over 20 years, I was insulted by the excuses they were providing over the phone and at the front desk. The individuals at the front desk was speaking to me in a tone that was unacceptable and frankly just rude. They were treating me as if I told them a lie, but instead I caught them in a lie. While the price wasn't astronomical, I still paid very good money to stay at the Hotel for two nights. I do not want to believe that I was profiled over the phone and that's why I was not given the appropriate information. This incident has turned what initially was a positive arrangement into one that is less pleasurable. For this reason, I will be checking out! 
166600142	 Stayed here recently during the July 4th weekend with my family. The rooms were clean and comfortable, the restaurant was good, staff was excellent, and you get a good value for your money. Location is great as well! Will definitely stay here again! 
166564396	 could not see any thing but a big tree . was mislead on website by saying we would be able to see washington from our room very disgusted that we couldnt see fireworks also didnt bring my laptop because they said they had loaners but you have to sit in lobby to use it .and breakfast is only buffet 15 dollars 
166561402	 July 1 - 5. Four adults and the double queen size beds with kitchenette room was perfect. The bathroom was very clean. The shuttle service driver was very informative and helpful. Bus stop steps away from the hotel. Whole Foods and Starbucks down the street. A few minutes more and you will find the DC Circulator stop and a Safeway supermarket.<br/><br/> The location was great for watching the fireworks at the Glover Park cemetery and Georgetown Wharf. The bartender served us some good drinks. We didnt try the hotel restaurant but the Surfside, a block away, had good Mexican and Caribbean inspired dishes.<br/><br/>The hotel is pet friendly and it has a great gym. Reception informed us that they will soon have roof top access and my family and I are looking forward to it.<br/><br/>The shuttle takes you to the National Zoo metro stop. Perfect for families.<br/><br/> 
166386522	 We Wanted to take the kids to DC for the 4th of July and reserved a room from July 2 to 6. We decided halfway on a 10 hour trip to drive through and instead arrive on the 1st. The folks at the check-in were wonderful and accommodating getting us into the room with a view of the Capitol and Monument. So this is not the Four Seasons nor is it Motel 8. It is neither big nor too small, too expensive and lavish nor cheap and undesirable. It really is perfect. And the location is wonderful especially with Whole Foods, CVS, bus stop, Starbucks and playground all within a 3 minute walk ;) we love this Hotel and will come back again. 
166337322	 Based on several favorable reviews and the friendly responses posted by the hotel management, I booked a city-view two-double room for me and my two children. We arrived later than we planned last night, so maybe we just got stuck with the bottom rung of those rooms. Our &quot;city view&quot; (worth the extra money, I thought, so we could catch the beauty of the fireworks over the National Mall) is a residential backyard. If my son uses his 64x zoom, we can glimpse the Washington Monument through some tree branches.<br/><br/>The room itself is pretty good. Some strange things, like searching all over for the fridge only to find it inside the closet. As many have mentioned before, the bathroom is tiny but nicely designed. One major complaint, though: everything in the room, from the sheets to the carpet to the chair to all of our clothes and luggage, feels damp. Tempted to dub this place Soggy Bottom.<br/><br/>I have not had enough interaction with the staff to offer a detailed rating related to service. We'll see how our second night goes and revisit this review after we check out. 
140297680	 Staff at check in were friendly, quick and helpful. The room was spacious and very clean. Staff responded quickly to questions and needs. This hotel had free parking and free wifi (very few in DC had that). Parking was in an underground area that you called to the desk to get in. I felt safe in using this parking area.<br/><br/>We really enjoyed our staf. 
140168224	 I checked in and the staff was friendly, the hotel was clean. There was not enough staff in the restaurant/bar area to provide proper attention to the guests. What really got me, was that when I went to my room, there was a slight buzzing sound (almost like the noise you hear about kids using in the classroom that only certain adults can hear ( yes this is true...google it...and listen....or not :-). I informed the front desk about this earlier on, and was advised that maintenance had checked and I was pleased as I did not hear any noise when I went in. I left for dinner only to return to a room screeching again. I think it is the light bulb and they only need to change it, but noone seems to care. After a night of no sleep, I ask for the front desk manager and explain my delimna and does she care? NO NONO, I will rewrite this review again when I am not as angry as I am now....and when I am not lying in the exact same hotel room listening to the exact same noise for a second night it seems.... I wonder if I can get a refund and find me a new hotel right now. 
140108562	 This was a stop on a 1500 mile roadtrip that we had.<br/>The hotel was clean and the staff very friendly.<br/>The breakfast was not included in the room rate and so I paid for this at the point of booking - however when we arrived it became apparent that the rate I paid &quot;online&quot; was more than that being charged in the hotel.<br/>Drinks at the bar were exceptionally expensive - even by city standards (and with a 20% resident discount).<br/>The hotel is quite some way out from the city and there is no free shuttle bus service, which is a shame.<br/>However, the hotel was clean and comfortable and a good place to rest weary feet!<br/>Be aware that the hotel pipes jazz throughout the public areas morning, noon and night - great if you like jazz, not so great if you don't! 
139613117	 Very nice stay with reasonable rates. However, the restaurant is a bit pricey even with our discount coupon. We only had breakfast there and it was very similar to other breakfasts that many times are complimentary....this was $12. I will go back, but will walk to Whole Foods for my breakfast next time. 
139214216	 My husband and I visited Washington DC and stayed in this hotel from August 27-September 1, 2012. From check-in to check- out our experience was totally awesome. The staff welcomed us to our home for the week and went above and beyond to ensure everything met our expectations. When we arrived on Monday we were greeted by Simon and another young lady whose name I did not get. After learning that we were on vacation celebrating our 2nd wedding anniversary they upgraded our room with no additional charge to use. Jordon made sure our luggage was delivered to our room and we had everything we needed. We also received service from Tiffany and another young lady whose name I failed to get and they were very friendly and customer service oriented. The entire staff made us feel like family. We appreciated the underground parking which was free to us as well as free Internet. We even felt safe leaving our car parked and walking from the car to to the private elevators that took is to our room. The food in the restaurant was delicious and the service there was also great. We will definitely stay at this hotel on our next visit to Washington and we will tell our friends about it. Oh yeah and let me also mention that the rooms were nice, clean and the location was great. This is a jewel. Don't just take my word for it, experience it for yourself. Bradley 
139070884	 This is a nice hotel in a great location. The staff were very friendly but there were a couple of problems. First, it took a long time to get my room cleaned. I came back at 5pm after a conference and housekeeping had not even visited my room. The reception staff were very apologetic and offered to send them up straight away but what good is that? You want them to visit when you OUT of the hotel, not when you get back after a long day and want to relax. The room service was OK but they had ran out of bottled water. Seriously? That really should not happen in a hotel of this calibre. Lastly, the beds are a bit shabby. Mine was sagging in the middle and the sheets didn't really fit. So overall, the hotel is OK (and reasonably priced) but they need to fix a few things. 
204475293	 We stayed here for 4 nights and found the hotel to be confortable snd the room very spacious. The only minor problem was the location, its a little out of the way.<br/><br/>There is a hotel shuttle bus that runs wvery 39 mins but we didn't find out anout this hntil our last day. We used it once and because we were the only passengers in it the driver dropped us off at the zoo which is just over a mile away.<br/><br/>There are lots of restaurants and takeaways nearby and a bus stop closeby where buses stop every 10 mins. The ride jnto tiwn cists $1.80 (no chane is given) and it takes about 25 mins dependinf on traffic 
203709813	 We stayed one night on our return to UK yesterday. Room very comfy, woken at 3.30 by inconsiderate guests with child next door and went down to reception to complain. They reacted straight away and she offered to extend my check out time. Charged for ringing toll free numbers ! Wish the americans could tell you final price as I booked online for $209 and was then hit with another $30 local tax !! All in all would stay again 
203565141	 + Bed comfi, room big and clean, some staff friendly some not.<br/><br/>- sleepless nights due to very old-fashioned noisy A/C, to make it worse: no noise-proofed windows =&gt; could hear all neighbouring A/Cs as well. Too far away from city centre, brekkie-buffet not worth the money 
203292041	 The room was a nice size, great view and very comfortable; the service left<br/>a lot to be desired,....very slow check-in, room not ready on arrival, came back<br/>an hour later still waited, waited for luggage to come up to the room, called twice,<br/>no car service working with them, (had to hail cab in the street)--it is a great<br/>spot &amp; could really be a first class operation, but needs to greatly improve the<br/>service and efficiency! 
203220765	 I had a wonderful weekend at the Savoy Suites. I was a little leary staying there at first but as I settled in I truly enjoyed my stay. The rooms are nice and large compared to others in the area and I slept quite well. The staff was very accommodating to all that I needed which was actually not much. All is close by and within walking distance, everything is easy to get to The grocery store is close by and we stocked up our refrigerator which made things easy for us. The carpeting needs to be updated and the bathrooms were a bit small but comfortably appointed it had all of our needs. All was clean and comfortable. Would like to see another mirror in the room to help with getting dressed. When I come down again this will be the place I come too. I enjoyed everything about it 
203213635	 4 of us ladies enjoyed our stay at the Savoy Suites for 2 weekend nights. The staff was very pleasant, the rooms were bright and cheerful and the beds outstanding. We would definitely stay there again and would highly recommend it. 
158152764	 The Savoy Suites is nestled in a beautiful area of Washington just north of Georgetown. An enjoyable &amp; interesting walk is down Wisconsion to M street the center of Georgetown<br/>the area immediately surrounding the hotel also has many numerous unquie places to eat including the famous MAx's Best home made ice cream store . This ice cream is served by the legendary Max himself. A spectacular treat for all ages not to be missed. <br/><br/>the hotel itself is well appointed has outstanding temupeditc beds ensuring a great night sleep.<br/><br/>The front desk staff are excellent professional, knowledgable and helpful <br/>Saba, Tiffiany and Asiavon are true problem solvers. I came at the height of Cherry blossom season ( although this was not the reason i came to D.C.) every rooms at the savory suites was sold out as was every hotel in the entire city. As you can imagine some of the guests and those who wished to be guests were in high stress mode. This was adroitly handled by the front desk staff . Hats off to front desk manager Vince who also pitched in during high demand times. <br/>the on site restraunt had a great breakfast with personal made omelets. <br/>During the morning and afternoon a shuttle service to the nearest metro is provide free of charge. There is no pool but since i came on a business trip that was not an issue for me <br/>Jose took special care with my luggage which had projection equipment in it <br/>There is a nearby Fed Ex Kinkos also with knowledable and helpful staff all supervised by branch manager Haabeba Wills- Ali which for me was a big plus.<br/> the Peason wine shop near door to Fed Express has some hard to find rare wine vintages.<br/><br/>Taxi service is easy, i mentioned the free shuttle to Wardman Metro stop and should you need it Mc sedan Mike and theand Van service is quickly available and Mike as a driver increased my ability to navigate the city quickly and accomplish what i needed to do in a in this high pressure city. <br/> This hotel team and they are a team focuses on helping the customer and find the additional pieces that are needed like a respite at Max's best or the sedan service, They are amazing , Certainly i am coming back and recommending the Savoy Suites and the surrounding businesses to everyone i know coming to Washington.<br/>I was in Washington representing a nonprofit working in the country of Georgia and all the hotel staff was helpful and interested in the challanges we are facing. They are kind helpful people. In addition outside the hotel are beautiful colorful lowers. I suggest that you take time to enjoy them Trish Blair 
157921346	 the check in/out staff were rude. they didn't advertise that you had to pay and extra $20 for parking. the other people staying at the hotel were very loud during the night and were arguing in the hallway. the desk staff didn't want to deal with much. will not stay there again. 
157867354	 This is my second visit to Washington and it is amazing what a difference a hotel in the right location makes. This hotel is located in George Town amongst numerous restaurants, shops and bars. Additionally you can walk to most of the cities main tourist attractions, however the walk up the hill home can be a challenge. Public transport runs right past the door so that is an option. <br/>The rooms are large and very well appointed and spotless. The hotel is quiet and the downstairs bar is also excellent. 
157853093	 We entered the room to find carpet that looked like it needed to be renovated 10 years ago which obviously made me inspect the room deeper. Upon further inspection of the bed and linen... the comforter was stained in multiple places, one section with what appeared to be oil residue from someone who used some kind of lubricant, and other unknown stains randomly elsewhere. Then we lifted up the pillows to discover a long strand of someones hair. We went back down to the front desk and informed them of the issues. The front desk staff was amazing and very friendly. They upgraded our room, The carpet looked the same but at least the bed appeared to be in better order, We were eager to go out and check out the Cherry Blossom Festival and we had an amazing time. We went to Chopsticks in Georgetown afterward and had the best sushi roll ever! The Capital Roll. When we got back to the hotel to wind down we pulled back the linen and discovered another long strand of unknown hair, and what looked like an eyebrow hair from previous guest. There was also a long strand of unknown hair stuck to the shower wall. My wife is a flight attendant so she has stayed at tons of hotels. Needless to say at that point we slept on top of the comforter with our clothes on. Will not be going back. New carpets, fresh linen, and either hire the appropriate amount of staff needed so housekeeping can do their job properly or retrain them. That's my suggestion. Front desk was A+++ best thing I can say about this hotel. 
157736542	 This hotel is not located in Georgetown as advertised. VERY limited shuttle service (only to and from the closest metro station). If traveling without a vehicle and looking to site see via public transportation, don't stay here. Pay the extra to stay closer in town. Room not updated. 
157534443	 I was searching throughout Washington looking for a hotel to spend a mini vacay for Cherry Blossom viewing. I called several hotels whose staff were beyond rude,until I found Savoy Suites.<br/>Robi answered my call and he went not an extra mile but 5 or more. He was superb finding us the perfect room at a fabulous rate and even chatted like a longtime friend over our encounter. I needed to change our reservation and again Robi was superb! He gave us great tips on what to see and activities to do for the weekend. he even remembered me by name and enquired about my new puppy!<br/>When we arrived the staff went out of their way to accommodate our every need. Everyone was courteous and the Hotel itself was so very clean and gorgeous spa like decor.<br/>I would give this place 15 stars!!!!!!<br/>If you are planning a trip to Washington this is the place to stay and might I add the price topped the cake. so Yes You Can Have Your Cake and Eat it Too!<br/>We will be back anytime we visit and next time will bring our pooch which can stay at this pet friendly hotel for free! Oh I almost forgot the temperpedic beds are awesome I think I will change my mattress at home to one after this stay. Not one pain or ache upon awake!<br/>Thank you again Robi You are The Host with the Most for sure! 
215333804	 Affordable hotel in the quiet Glover neighborhood, close to Georgetown but not walking distance. Rooms were clean and spacious for three people and can easily accommodate a family of four. Secure hotel. You needed to insert your hotel key in the slot for entry to any floor other than the main lobby. Typical in room amenities which included a refrigerator. A big plus if you want to keep some beverages and snacks in the room. <br/><br/>There is a hotel gym free of charge, a laundry and on site parking for a fee. They have some hotel packages with reduced price for parking but then the hotel room rate is higher. We looked into both rates with and with out the parking package and it worked out to be the same price regardless. Overall the hotel cost nightly average with parking and tax was about $175.00/night. <br/><br/>Front desk staff were helpful and professional. However, Ryan really stood out and he took the time to greet us, ask how our stay was and answer our questions in detail providing suggestions for our visit in DC. Upon arrival he made sure to give us a map of the area which we would have asked for so we liked his proactive approach. Maids were friendly greeting us when we saw them in the hotel and they did a really good job keeping the room clean adding a little personal touch. My son's pillow and stuffed dog had been left on the bed and when we got back to the room with the bed made they had placed his pillow on top of the hotel pillow and put the dog on the bed as though it were sleeping. <br/><br/>The hotel is not within walking distance of the major DC attraction nor is it in walking distance of the DC Metro. The hotel does provide a free shuttle service during certain hours to and from the nearest metro stop in the Adams Morgan Neighborhood area. From about 9:30AM to 4:00PM there was no shuttle service. There is a bus stop very close to the hotel and even though it takes a little longer it will take you into the main areas of DC and neighborhoods. Georgetown is close, short taxi or bus ride but it takes about 30 minutes to walk to a from the hotel to Georgetown. We walked it one night to see how long it would take and because we stopped in a couple places along the way it took us a little longer. A nice walk if you are up to it. And the entire area seemed very safe. <br/><br/>The neighborhood this hotel is in has a few restaurants which seemed to be mostly bars and a couple of bagel places. There is a Whole Foods store that has a decent breakfast bar the we ate at one morning. Also you can pick up drinks and fresh fruit or other snacks there or at CVS further down the road. The hotel has a restaurant the we did not try. They had a breakfast buffet each morning for $15.00/person which seemed pricy. No other options for a typical order off the menu breakfast. This is an area that they could improve on. 
215252826	 The view was fantastic, my room was quiet and clean. Employees were very pleasant and helpful. The hotels location was wonderful for sightseeing, and close to the embassy I needed to visit. I really enjoyed the stay, the price was reasonable. I plan on staying at your hotel when I visit again.<br/>Thank you :-) <br/> 
215229181	 I have only great things to say about this hotel. We had a great room view, the staff was attentive, friendly and always pleasing with any specific requests we had. The location is right by the Metro Bus stop, Wholefoods and restaurants. A shopping strip is just a few miles away on Friendship Heights with the best luxury stores. I had the best experience, will recommend to everyone and will stay there again for sure. Oh, and pet friendly! 
215075835	 Overall the hotel was quite nice. Unfortunately the window A/C unit in our bedroom was very noisy. We were offered complimentary breakfast as a compensation, which is a nice gesture. I would have rated the hotel 3.5 stars, but could not give it a 4 star rating due to this A/C problem. 
214864069	 We were at arriwal met by a helpful front desk lady with the name of Saba. She helpt me park my personal van. She provided us with good help trough out or stay. The Savoy is placed in Georgestown. The oldest part of DC. Very nice surrundings influenced by British building style. Easy to get to the Mall by bus nr. 36 and 32. It stops right out side the door. Clean rooms and nice personel. The hotel is on a quiet spot of DC. No problems to is relax here. My only small negativ remark is that the breakfast wasn't included. I have no probles staying here on an other trip. 
214765172	 We were in DC for 2 days and wanted something reasonable and well located. This fit the bill perfectly. The area could not have been lovelier with boutique stores and cafes dotting the street. It was a 25 minute walk away from Georgetown which was perfect. <br/>The staff were friendly and very helpful and the room was spacious with a small kitchen area and comfortable twin beds.<br/>It is a little far from the mall and monuments but one can catch the hop on-hop off bus a block away from the hotel which could not get more convenient.<br/>All in all a great stay, would recommend it to anyone. 
108551669	 After reading so many reviews all the way back to 2010, I initally had reservations so, I sent an email to the manager. He promptly responded and the rest is history to be repeated with others who choose to stay...OMG...looking for a sorta boutique style hotel close to Howard University and I found a hidden jewel: attentive front desk staff, Francisco (bartender) makes the best libations, Carlos is a very efficient and timely hotel shuttle driver and Micheal with MCsedan car service is &quot;da bomb&quot;. Spa bathrooms are an exquistite retreat and great sleeping beds. Our teens absolutely loved it...get there soon by any means necessary when in DC. You will not be disappointed. 
108364780	 Our firm recently held a week-long conference at the Savoy Suites for clients and colleagues. In planning for the conference the staff of the Savoy was incredibly helpful and accommodating in meeting all, even our last minute requests. The rooms were large and well kept and there was plenty of variation in the menu to ensure something for everyone. But the best reason to plan your stay at the Savoy is the staff! From the front desk to the bar and wait staff to the kitchen staff....they were all just so wonderful and pleasant. From the start of our conference through the last day they smiled and did their very best to make our experience at the Savoy a pleasant one. I heard nothing but complements from our clients and colleagues. In addition to the 50 or so folks who had rooms at the Savoy we also had about 20 at their sister hotel the Carlyle. We depended on the shuttle service provided by the Savoy to pick-up and drop off those at the Carlyle. Again, the shuttle driver was great in accommodating our requests and the arrangements were easy to make. Thanks to all those folks at the Savoy for a great week! 
107267155	 I stayed here for one night to attend an event at American University. The hotel advertised free shuttle service to and from AU. I called the hotel from AU asking for a pick-up. I told them where I was and they said the shuttle driver would call me when he arrived. 30 minutes later I called back and was told that the shuttle only picks up on a particular corner and that the driver had driven by and not seen us. I then found that corner and waited for another 20 minutes. I called back again and was told the driver had driven someone to the Metro and that it would be another 15 or 20 minutes. At this point we ended up taking a taxi. It is only a 5 or 10 minute ride so if you do not mind paying for a taxi it is convenient to AU. <br/><br/>At the hotel, the check-in staff were friendly. The room (the lowest level room) was clean, spacious and featured two comfortable beds. <br/><br/>I didn't try the restaurant or spend any time in the hotel's public spaces. 
106913091	 I traveled down to DC for the Cherry Blossom Festival and wanted to stay out of the downtown area a bit. When I stumbled across the Savoy Suites webpage, I was delighted. The hotel was beautiful. When I arrived, I checked in and was asked what kind of room I wanted. Well, I wanted what I booked but somehow didn't get it. I reserved a 2 queen room with a city view (which I think I paid extra for). What I got was a tiny room with one King and a view of the top of someone's house. Not only that, but what the staff failed to mention to me was that the room they had &quot;chosen&quot; for me was next door to a room that was under construction. The sounds of tile cutters (one night until 8pm) were horrible. I actually think there were multiple rooms on my side of the building under construction. However, there appeared to be nothing of the sort on the other side of the hotel! And the construction dust was everywhere. So my only advice is to ask about renovations, and ask to be anywhere other than next door to them. 
106270708	 We stayed in this hotel for three nights. Free parking is really good. 3 floors underground garage, which is accessible by elevator directly to the floor where is your room. Wi-Fi connection available in the room for free. <br/>We booked regular room but were given king size bed with jacuzzi. Room as well as hotel are modern, stylish and look kind of new. Very comfortable matresses in the bed, up to date bathroom, free coffee maker and coffee in the room. We got 20% discount on restaurant meals and took advantage of it especially for breakfast, which was very good. We also appreciated shuttle service to metro stop as well as pick up. The area where the hotel is located was apparently higher class with quiet streets and lovely houses. In overall, we liked our stay in the hotel and looked forward to it after each long day spent sightseeing in D.C. 
104921901	 Usually I'm a little skittish about staying in &quot;non brand name&quot; hotels, but in this case I'm glad we did.<br/>Had a 3 night stay with my wife and two teenagers. The room and hotel was very clean, quiet and contemporary. A very good value for the money.<br/>If I had one complaint, I'd say: The location is off the beaten path. However, it is near Georgetown and the National Cathedral.<br/>A big plus was the free parking and free shuttle service and oh yeah, free wi fi. 
146162849	 I have recently stayed at the Savoy Suites... and had some serious questions as to why it has such a high ranking amongst hotels in Washington DC. There are some perks, but other than that... you can do better! <br/><br/>The hotel is not in Georgetown, but rather in Glover Park. It is a brisk 20 minute walk to M street and all that is Georgetown. It is, however, in close proximity to a nice selection of restaurants and bars. A Whole Foods and CVS is just a minute away. There is free parking which is unusual for DC hotels, and complimentary wifi in the room. <br/><br/>The rooms have been cheaply renovated, but not modernized. The only modernization is the bathroom which recently been redone... Still, a 3 star rating would be a stretch. The worn out wall paper and art on the walls as well as the dated and bulky furniture tells its own story. The towels are not in the best of shape, nor is the cleanliness of the bathroom. <br/><br/>So after my experience I questioned how this could be one of the top hotels in DC. Certainly not the staff... certainly not the facilties... certainly not the rooms... so I dug further.<br/><br/>Come to find out... much of the BRAVISIMO mantra coming from this hotel is not sincere. If you read the reviews, you will see that most are responded from someone named MarcAnthony Crimi. Who identified himself in more than one review as a manager of the Savoy Suites. If you look deeper on tripadvisor, you also see that this person is a manager at the Carlyle Suites in DC as well as a hotel in Manhattan. This person does exist, but I think things come into prospective when I tell you that he is not even employed by the hotel. A quick google search and I found that he is indeed employed by STRATEGIC HOTEL MARKETING. BASED IN NEW YORK! So the Welcome he plans to give you in DC... ummmm... not so much. <br/><br/>So it is VERY VERY insincere that that a person who is a web marketer pretend to be the manager of a hotel and address and respond to the customer issues.<br/><br/>I'd say book away from this place... you don't know what to believe! 
145913519	 This is the second time I have stayed at the Savoy Suites this year and I am pleased to relate that the standards at this wonderful hotel remain high.<br/><br/>Not only is the location fabulous, and the rooms large and spotlessly clean, but the staff are still friendly and welcoming. How nice to be greeted with a 'Welcome home!' upon pulling your car up to the free parking garage.<br/><br/>It seems to be a popular spot with airline staff, which should tell you a lot as they always know the best places to stay!<br/><br/>Still highly recommended, it's an amazing hotel. 
145781161	 I've been traveling to Washington, DC every few months to teach a course at American University. The school books faculty into the Savoy Suites Hotel. In a town with lots of choices, it's the staff of this hotel that impress me the most. There's enough stability that I recognize the people behind the counter. And more surprising: they recognize me. When I arrived this time -- my 4th trip -- the woman at the registration desk greeted me by name.<br/><br/>That's a nice touch and there's more to it than that. Whether it's hailing a cab for me or responding to a request of some sort, everyone is responsive and happy to please. The place just exudes a sense of welcome and service.<br/><br/>Located near Georgetown, the hotel is surrounded by a variety of good restaurant choices. It's nice when returning after a full day to be able to walk and find a different kind of food for dinner each night.<br/><br/>The hotel serves a decent breakfast, with made-to-order omelets as part of their buffet. The rooms look fairly recently remodeled. They have a modern style and a reasonable amount of space. And the beds are comfortable.<br/><br/>For a moderately priced place to stay while working, I heartily recommend the Savoy Suites. 
145298888	 The Savoy was a great beautiful location and close to everything. Free safe covered parking is included. The staff is great! Very kind and genuine. Clean rooms and very modern but simple features. They are also VERY &quot;green&quot;. 
145113994	 The hotel location is great, an easy walk to a number of restaurants, close to Georgetown U, and the Naval Observatory. It's a short walk to the Old Town Trolley stop which takes you to some key tourist spots. <br/><br/>The hotel has recently been renovated and the lobby and restaurant/bar areas are very stylish and impressive. Perfect to meet for a drink before you go out on the town. The room we stayed in (two queen beds) was clean and spacious, but rather average in terms of decoration. There is three floors of complimentary underground parking with above average parking security.<br/><br/>There isn't much for children to do at the hotel itself, which is not the fault of the hotel but something to know if you are traveling with children. There is a playground two blocks away which satisfied our requirement.<br/><br/>The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, and gets an A+ for service. 
145081791	 Hotel room was great - spacious, clean, with a comfortable bed. Bathroom was a little small but updated. Nice lobby with attached restaurant. Parking in the garage was very tight, but no problem finding a space. The only negative is that it is a little far from downtown Georgetown, so we had to either drive or take a cab. Great value compared to hotels downtown. 
126212421	 Staff is helpful, sweet, and overall just amazing. My room was GREAT. Wonderful beds, room service, and bar. It was a wonderful stay. Keep up with the good work! 
126158994	 Staff is excellent, My wife and i got upgraded to a room with a jacuzzi thanks to jordan, the whole place is really clean and nice and i recommend this place for everybody, really fair price for the room i booked, then a free upgrade on top. even better 
126144645	 Excellent service. Spacious and well appointed rooms. Beds are firm but cushioned and very comfortable but the pillows are much softer than we prefer; we will bring our own pillows next time (it is now our hotel of choice for that area of DC). Expected an average hotel for the price but very pleasantly surprised. Our rooms had showers but not tubs; fine for us but you may wish to inquire if you need a tub. Our Ford Freestar minivan and Buick Rendezvous fit into the (free parking) underground garage but anything much taller than the Freestar won't manage the overhead clearance. Had the breakfast buffet one morning - nice selection and good service; if you want something that you don't see, ask for it; we did and they got some for us since it was available in the kitchen. They claim to be &quot;green&quot; but sometimes replaced towels even when reuse was requested. 
126043960	 Really enjoyed our stay here with husband and college age daughter. Nice roomy, clean rooms. Pleasant staff and very clean, safe parking area &amp; neighborhood. Our room had a view of the lobby entrance, outdoor summer seating for dining, and Russian embassy on opposite side of the street. Not as good as the view of Capital and monument, but nevertheless a pleasant view!<br/><br/>The hotel is easily accessible, shuttle service, nearby within a couple blocks; WholeFoods, Starbucks, Brueggers Bagels, restaurants and takeout. The hotel has a nice restaurant too although only my husband had breakfast there so can't comment. We asked for a microwave and they brought one up.<br/><br/>Only complaint would be lack of towel hooks/bars in the bathroom. No place to really hang much in the room we had. Minor detail I have alerted them about. <br/><br/>All in all would most definitely stay here again and highly recommend it. 
125843665	 Our stay at Savoy Suites was great. It's located in Georgetown and you can walk to restaurants, whole foods, the gym, and the bus stop. We took one bus all the way to the museums and the White House. Customer service at the hotel was great, super friendly and accommodating. I had asked about walking directions to a conference centre and the receptionist wasn't too sure about the way to get there. A few hours later when I returned to the lobby, she had printed out walking directions for me. I thought that was really nice of her.<br/>The rooms were a bit dated in terms of decor, but the beds were so comfy to sleep in! Rooms were clean. The restaurant in the hotel is a bit pricey and there wasn't enough staff, so we had to wait a bit for our food and bill, but overall, our stay at this hotel was great and I would stay there again. 
125823460	 Our room was very large and had a view of the Capitol and Washington Monumemt. The hotel lobby and restaurant were appealing. But our most memorable moments were the interactions we had with their exceptional staff. Mustapha made us feel welcome and continued to provide excellent customer service throughout our stay. Francisco , the bartender and waiter, attended to our every need. We ate all our meals there due to his exceptional service. The food was very good.<br/>The only negative was the location. This hotel is not within walking distance Of DC sightseeing. Metro shuttle is available. <br/>Absolutely a great place to stay.<br/>We definitely would stay again. 
2308816	 We stayed at the Savoy in April, 2004 and thought it was acceptable. Not the Willard or Hay Adam but at $100/nite and free parking, was satisfied with the hotel. Wonderful towels (amazing how important these are getting to be!). Has a laundry room which we used. Would compare it to a 10 story Comfort Inn. The hotel in located in Georgetown, close the the Vice-President's house. I thought the area was fine. Would stay again if the price was right.<br/> 
2215259	 The staff was courteous and the room was clean. However, it is really a stretch to call this room a suite. Passing from the room through a small closet area into the bathroom doesn't represent a suite in my book. The hotel is very old and is badly in need of an upgrade. Woodwork is worn, furniture is mismatched and badly scratched and stained. Elevators are so dark you can't read the numbers on the buttons. The neighborhood is also somewhat run down and worn looking. A shuttle was available to the metro but only until mid morning and not again until late afternoon, slightly inconvenient. Overall I was disappointed with the quality of the facility.<br/> 
1651335	 I am local to the DC area and wanted to surprise my fiance with a trip somewhere nice and close by for Valentine's Day. The Savoy Suites advertised luxury suites with kitchenettes, whirlpool tubs and superior accomodations. I requested a room with a king sized bed, whirlpool and kitchenette.<br/><br/>Imagine my surprise when I arrived at my room and found 2 queen sized beds, a non smoking room that reeked of smoke, lights that did not work, outdated rooms (the &quot;marble&quot; top of the bedside table actually slid off to expose the drawer underneath when I tried to move it over to reach a socket), unpredictable heating system (sometimes it blew hot, sometimes cold no matter the setting) and to top it all off....no jacuzzi! Of course I called the front desk at once. I was told that the jacuzzi rooms had sold out a week before Valentine's Day. I responded that I'd booked my trip at the beginning of the month and had not been told that there would be a problem.<br/><br/>By this time, my fiance was already on his way and there was no way I could pitch a fit and request my money back. I will never stay at the Savoy again and I will make sure that no one I know does either!<br/><br/>And by the way....we ordered room service (10% tax, 18% service charge and still had to pay a tip to the person who brought it up) and the food was terrible! 
143757493	 if you read my last review I had e mailed the manager ( as I noticed he replies to good reviews)and I said watch this space to see if the management continued to totally ignore my search for my linen shirt that I left in the room.I,m sad tp report that they still totally ignored my request despite their specific promise ( when I called in ) that they would get back to me 
143483765	 I can't say enough good things about this hotel. The service was top-notch, the food was outstanding (including room service), and the room ... I had a room in the back corner of the hotel that couldn't have been more perfect. It was huge and quiet - I didn't hear another person from the time that I checked in to the time that I checked out. The location is great too - just up the street from Whole Foods and a number of wonderful ethnic restaurants.<br/>I have stayed in numerous &quot;luxury&quot; hotels around the world and this was by far one of the best hotel experiences that I've ever had. I will definitely stay here again. 
143362057	 Georgetown area appeared very safe to walk around even at night. Lots of restaurants around hotel within walking distance. Pharmacy, grocery store, gym all a few minutes walk. Very close to embassies and Vice President house. Far from Metro but with free shuttle to Metro it was great. Rooms nice, fridge, free wifi, comfortable. Breakfast in mornings at hotel restaurant was a buffet which was good and 20% off with room. Staff friendly and helpful. Would definitely recommend and would stay again. 
143206733	 This was a great hotel in a very convenient and hip area. The parking is free which in DC is nearly un heard of. The parking garage is terrifying to say the least but free is free and beggars cant be choosers! <br/><br/>The rooms were large and the beds were very comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful- couldn't have asked for a better hotel stay. 
142570177	 The hotel is in a residential neghbourhood, rather than being in a very central area, but despite all the choice of hotels, this is always my 'home away from home'. Delightful staff, huge well equipped bedrooms, the most comfortable beds in the whole world!, free shuttle bus to the metro (but I mainly use the frequent buses which stop very nearby). And free admissiion to Washington Sports Club.... And free wi fi! 
142393615	 I have just returned from my stay in Washington DC at the Savoy suites. This is a lovely modern hotel in a quiet area close to Georgetown where there are plenty of speciality shops and restaurants. The rooms were spacious with large bathrooms and the staff were very helpful, nothing seemed to be too much trouble. We were recomended an Italian restaurant by the hotel reception in Georgetown - Filomena - and it was fabulous, bursting with atmosphere, with home made pasta.<br/>The only down side of the hotel was, every day it was a long bus ride down to the monuments/museums 
195267119	 Came for personal business. Took in some sites while there. Check in was easy and pleasant. All staff were very accommodating and friendly to family and baby. Very neat and clean rooms with updated bathroom. Great location for walking the local area as well as easy access to DC sites. 
194843057	 We were in Washington DC to look at Law Schools with my daughter and stayed at the Savoy Suites. We found the Hotel Staff to be friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and comfortable. There are plenty of places to walk out to eat at in the vicinity of the hotel. Also a shuttle service to the Metro and the colleges that are in the surrounding area, Georgetown &amp; American University. I would recommend this hotel. 
194560457	 Full disclosure: This is not a Hilton or Marriott and we stayed here because of its proximity to family not the DC sites. I'm writing this review as I'm staying in the hotel on a seven night stay - note the hotel provides multi-night discounts. On the first night we stayed on the third floor right on the busy Wisconsin Blvd. side of the hotel and we heard nothing all night. The next morning I requested a room on a higher floor and I'm pretty sure the front desk upgraded me to a &quot;Grandview king&quot; on the 8th floor. We have a nice view of the Georgetown area and a distant view of Rosslyn's tall buildings. Very nice front desk.<br/><br/>Pros: Comfortable bed, good A/C-Heater regulation, refrigerator, large room with nice view, newly renovated bathroom.<br/><br/>Cons: old carpet 
194358342	 A comfortable home away from home. Large rooms, updated bathrooms, helpful friendly staff, secure for guests, affordable for the area. Restaurant was loud in the evening. Excellent food. Breakfast buffet was excellent though a tad expensive on a 10 day stay. <br/>Will definitely book this hotel again. 
194211864	 Stayed for 10 days on business and can recommend it as comfortable and good value for Washington DC. The building is older but it was clean, had all the necessities and included a fridge in the room, iron and free WiFi. The staff was very friendly. The bed was memorably comfortable - I've paid a great deal more for a lot worse. But it is an older property: the air conditioner/heater in the room was old and noisy, the fridge ate up limited closet space, the room was shy on electrical plugs for mobiles/laptops and the WiFi connection was fast but irritatingly intermittent. All minor issues that come with an older building. The location is great if you need to be in Georgetown, near embassies, the National Cathedral or otherwise north of downtown. The neighbourhood is safe and up-scale with a grocery store, drug store and a couple of restaurants only a block away. It's not so convenient (though not terrible) for the key DC tourist sites if that's what you're after. It's not fancy, but I found it good value, well-run and perfectly satisfactory. 
194053263	 I found this because of the app Hotel Tonight and I was not disappointed! The hotel was clean and fresh even though it is set in an older building. The best part by far was the staff. They were all cheerful and friendly, even Abey who checked us in very late at night. The morning staff helped me print out something I needed and even was super nice when my son had a bloody nose in the lobby. I would definitely stay there again anytime I need to be in DC. It had the amenities of a nice hotel, but felt more like a b&amp;b because of the personalized service. 
159540197	 I went for a little R&amp;R and found the Savoy to be exactly what I wanted and needed. Lovely hotel, very inexpensive (for D.C.), and the staff could not have been more friendly. Its location on upper Wisconsin in Georgetown was ideal. I would definitely stay there again. 
158992882	 This hotel is a bit of the beaten path, but it is only about $200/night, plus parking. If you don't have a car, they have afree shuttle to the subway every half hour, and there is a bus stop right across the street and the bus takes you directly to the National Mall and White House.<br/><br/>We enjoyed the excellent breakfast buffet for $15 (omelet station included). The area around the hotel is safe and there is a reasonable choice of restuarants nearby -- try &quot;Old Europe&quot;, one block away. 
158857073	 Stayed for business one night, selected this property as others listed on line were just simply too expensive. I travel to D.C. a couple times a month, so I was intrigued to locate another boutique property other than the usual suspects that have little character. This property was clean, friendly service and in a beautiful section of Georgetown. If I had more time I would have loved to walk some of the neighborhoods that include many of the embassy properties in Washington. Yes, this property is a cab ride or shuttle ride to the closest Metro station, but I was able to get to downtown D.C. for meetings with no hassle. Thought the rooms were nicely updated. 
158816942	 Got big corner room -nice, good bed, very comfortable and clean. Located close to great restaurants, Whole Foods, Starbucks, fast food, and Bus lines 31, 32, and 36, which go through Geeorgetown and other interesting shopping and eating areas...enroute to Foggy Bottom Metro (via Bus 31), or all the way to (near) the Mall and museums (via Bus 32 and 36). If you take the buses the opposite direction, to Tinley Town, you can jump on the Metro there and get to the mall much faster. Get a Smartcard, load it with an appropriate amount of money and ride buses and Metro with just a swipe. Taking these routes means you can avoid taking the Savoy shuttle bus to a nearer Metro station (too far to walk), and being at the mercy of their somewhat limited hours. 
158811832	 The great part about staying here is you don't have to go more than five minutes to eat or go to the market. Whole foods. Cute bars. Chipotle/subway plus local healthy spots like sweet greens. You are a mile from Georgetown. The negatives...there is not a metro station nearby, and the hotel rooms are old. Fitness center is lame, but I used the club down the street. If you aren't picky and need a reasonably priced place in the g-town area, this place is for you. 
158421626	 We stayed at the Savoy Suites and found this hotel to be very quiet/rooms very adequate and the renovated bathrooms very nice. This was a little far from the Washington action - a $15 cab ride from most tourist events, but a reasonable cost for our 4 day stay. Would recommend the accommodation if you just require sleeping accommodations. 
245850681	 First day at the hotel and after a long a drive, I finally got to my room. I just wanted to relax and to start a coffee pot. Surprisingly, the coffee pot and the water reservoir have a ROTTEN MILK Mixed with water from few days ago. No one bothered to check it.<br/> With $100 per night room, not even including $30 per night parking, that's the kind of service you'll get! 
245683503	 We (a family of 4) recently spent 2 nights at the Savoy Suites in Dc. We arrived at 8 am hoping to drop our bags and go sight-seeing but were so pleasantly surprised to find that our room was ready and no early checkin was charged! We could shower, change clothes and head off for the day. All the staff we encountered were incredibly helpful and went out of their way to be efficient. We will definitely stay here again! 
245646818	 The staff is very knowledgeable. Gave me great directions on using public transportation, local restaurants, and museums. I am not used to big cities and they made me feel safe. Also I forgot my phone charger. Saba let me borrow her personal charger. It was a great blessing not to have to buy another new one for just a 3-day stay. 
245605878	 We booked hotel for our 2 night stay in DC. The room was nice and spacious with all you need to feel at home. Bed was comfy. We ate breaky at the hotel one morning which was inexpensive and tasty. We found the staff friendly and helpful. The gym at the hotel was the best equip gym I have experienced on my travels. It was easy to get around town with bus service and cabs. And restaurants and grocer close by. 
244351724	 Elegant boutique hotel situated on Embassy Row in DC. Every employee we encountered treated us like royalty. Rooms were spotless and very affordable. Two special shout-outs: to Ryan, because of an appointment that delayed our check-out, we were unable to get back by check-out time. I called 2 times pushing our check-out time back. He graciously allowed this and even gave me time to shower once we returned. No charge! Rebecca: I was in bum around clothes as I had to do laundry. There was no change machine in the laundry room so I embarrassingly went to the front desk for quarters. Rebecca assured me that there was absolutely no problem with the way I was dressed and told be under no circumstances should I be embarrassed. I would definitely stay here again. If you stay here be sure to eat at the German restaurant 2 blocks down. Wonderfully authentic. 
243871581	 It was a really good stay. Very polite and helpful staff in particular Saba and her team. <br/>The room was clean and services were excellent. Impressive housekeeping too. <br/>The location is convenient to the bus services and close to George town as well. <br/>I would recommend it to anyone planning to visit Washington 
207532071	 Nice place, a little off the grid for seeing the major attractions of DC. An Uber ride will cost you about $15-20 each way to the attractions, museums, etc.. This hotel is walking distance to a Whole foods grocery store which was a major plus for me. Checked in late night and was given a menu for the only late night food delivery which was actually pretty good. Was able to have my bags held on my check out day while I visited some sites of DC. 
207187099	 Very nice hotel. Room had two queen beds and good quality fitments. The view from our 6th floor window overlooked Washington iconic buildings. The hotel is at the top end of Wisconsin Ave, Georgetown, a very stylish part of Washington and has a lot of good shops and restaurants.<br/>The only negatives were the $20 per night charge for car parking, the air conditioning is quite noisy and only one ice making machine - in the basement.<br/>The staff were very friendly and helpful 
207028046	 The hotel is very nice and quaint. When we arrived, I was greeted by Ryan who welcomed us with a warm greeting and even upgraded our room after I explained that it was a special occasion. I was pleasantly surprised by the upgrade, he even took the time to ensure that the upgraded too was clean and ready to be occupied. The room was very spacious with a decent view. However, the wall paper should be updated. The wallpaper isn't dirty, it's just looks outdated. The elevator cause a slight inconvenience also, as one was inoperable which left only one working for occupants of the hotel. My only other complaint was the parking garage. It is quite compact and narrow. Besides those minor issues, this hotel is quite nice. I liked the fact that the property is about 5 minutes away from the hustle and bustle of Dupont Circle. There is a CVS and a lot of eateries within walking distance of the hotel. Georgetown is also right down the street from the hotel. My family and I will stay at this hotel again when we visit D.C. We really enjoyed our stay. Ryan, thanks so much for the upgrade. Your hospitality and was greatly appreciated. 
206975669	 Saba was great, she is the front desk manager. Great job Team!<br/>The restaurant on the premises had an OK menu but the main waiter made it a good experience,<br/>This is my new favorite hotel to stay when I'm traveling for work in the DC Metro Area.<br/>Melony Fiore 
206775836	 We greatly enjoyed our stay for a week. The shuttle and metro bus was convenient for travel around the city. Great restaurants nearby, very safe neighborhood. Staff was great. Rooms were clean. Only complaint was that housekeeping was not very consistent, i.e. did not always leave extra TP, clean glasses, etc. I would definitely stay there again. Very quiet for DC. 
206766389	 Savoy Suites is an excellent place to stay - outside the hustle and bustle of Georgetown but easy to access that if desired. Easy walk to the National Cathedral. Convenient to shops and restaurants. Great parking - cheap by DC standards and on sight. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Room was comfortable. Bath was small but nicely appointed and functional. 
122426412	 We chose this hotel because of its location -- close to relatives. It was a treat to stay there. Very cozy, comfortable room. Appreciated the free wifi and no parking fee. We will return! 
122357055	 Very convenient, free parking, direct bus line to White House and US Capitol. The staff were very friendly and helpful, we asked if they had a microwave we could use and they brought us one!<br/><br/>Wisconsin street where the hotel is located is full of boutiques and restaurants, it's live and exciting.<br/><br/>Heating was provided by the air conditioner and it had to stay on till morning; so, the noise was in the background. We're more used to the heating system that works with a knob on the wall... 
122351228	 The most caring and efficient staff of any hotel I have been in, the most comfortable bed, charming restaurant / bar and bartender Hanin. Can't wait to come back! 
122321810	 My family has been to DC a number of times and we have stayed a variety of different hotels in the Georgetown area in the past. After our first stay at The Savoy Suites - we don't intend to stay anywhere else. The staff bent over backwards to make our stay enjoyable. We were a large group (5 rooms) - and they made us feel right at home. While the the service was great all around; Hanin (in the bar) really stood out - he made us feel like regulars. The foods was very good - we ate both breakfast and dinner at the hotel several times. The one thing about the resturant that could be improved is that the meals didn't always come at the same time at dinner. On the other hand, we were a very large group at dinner (generally 12 - 16 people). The meals were brought to the table while they were hot (so nothing stood around) and we didn't mind lingering. The location is perfect to to get anywhere in the DC area (we had a rental car). Being able to easily and quickly self-park was a plus (didn't have to wait for valet parking). I highly recommend this hotel to other travelers. 
121937124	 The staff there reminded me of what service used to be like..people cared. I needed 3 things while I was there: an extra coffee, a small repair and a cab. Each were provided literally In less than 3 minutes. The rooms were roomy, updated and clean and the view was awesome. The free parking was a huge bonus. A plus!<br/>Only downside is the metro subway is 1.8 miles and shuttle is only morning &amp; evening. 
121920888	 While searching for a hotel within our budget, close to downtown DC and hopefully reasonable parking fees, we came across Savoy Suite. It seemed to good to be true.Not only did we get a great rate, we got free parking in a clean, indoor, locked garage! Getting to downtown was a little tricky if you don't go to DC a lot, or are from the country. The hotel is not near a walking Metro station. Once we figured out how to take the Metro bus, which has a pick up near by, we were on our way. We also took advantage of the hotels' shuttle that will take you to the Metro station and pick you back up. From 10:30 am to 4:00pm they do not have service, so you must plan your trips accordingly. One hint for travelers, is to walk a short way to the 24 hour CVS and purchase a metro card. It will make your life easier when taking the bus or the Metro.We did hear later there is a Ciculator Bus nearby that is cheaper than the Metro Bus. I would suggest asking the staff, even though they never mentioned it to us. Staff was very helpful, the rooms were big and clean and the onsite restaurant was convenient, reasonable and food was great. The hotel elevator needs a room passkey in order to use, which is another nice safety feature. A Whole Foods is in the neighborhood, along with the Naval Observatory, where the Vice President resides. The only complaint we have is we found it strange that they only left one washcloth, which can be rectified by going to the front desk to ask for another. 
137860048	 The exterior looked a bit shabby, but our concerns were allayed as soon as we entered the hotel. Extremely courteous and helpful staff, nicely appointed rooms, excellent restaurant, free parking and reasonable rates. Great location within walking distance of numerous restaurants. Overall, an excellent stay. 
137791024	 Recently went to DC and stayed at the Savoy Suites Hotel. They are about 1 mile from Metro and provide shuttles to the Metro in the morning and pick up for return trip in the afternoon and evening. Hotel staff extra friendly and knowledgeable. The room was very nice, A/C worked great, TV reception was excellent on all channels. Parking is included ( a big plus in the DC area.) Plenty of places to eat within a couple of blocks walk and a Whole Foods a block away. Security in hotel is real good. You need room key tfor elevator to get above the lobby. WiFi was iffy, kept getting knocked off. Buffet breakfast was inexpensive, good but limited. Would stay there again. Fridge and microwave in room. 
137731269	 We returned to D.C. and opted to stay at the Savoy Suites again. This was a quick and rather stressful trip (having nothing to do with the hotel). We arrived at the hotel around 5pm, exhausted and hungry (having driven all day and eaten nothing). Tiffany checked us into our room promptly and suggested a casual restaurant we could walk to for dinner. She said she would make us a reservation and have directions printed out for us after we had left our bag in the room and come back down.<br/><br/>Vince was at the check-in when we arrived. I remembered him from our last stay and told him so. Still as nice as he was the last time. <br/><br/>This time our room was a king room. It was very large, immaculately clean and very comfortable. Bathroom amenities all stocked up. Perfect.<br/><br/>We parked our car in the garage (still free of charge - unheard of in D.C.). The garage allows in and out privileges too, which we made use of. Thank you !<br/><br/>I don't know how this hotel manages to get such excellent staff. They are all incredibly helpful. When we set out to eat dinner, our daughter called us (prior to us arriving at the restaurant) and we had to go back to the hotel and get the car to pick up something from her University. So, we called the restaurant (the number was given to us by Tiffany) and cancelled. We walked into the hotel and she asked - what happened (as we came back relatively quickly). Told her we had to go back to the Univ. to take care of something. She knew how tired and hungry we were. So, she suggested a closer place to eat once we returned (or the hotel restaurant).<br/><br/>We ended up going to the closer place and it was fine. Came back and thanked her. <br/><br/>Slept very soundly as it was unusually quiet for a hotel - and I knew they were sold out. Got up at 7h00 to depart. Wanted to avoid the D.C. traffic. Check-out was a breeze. Vince was there again... I'm convinced he really lives there and never leaves. He said there are actually two of him. His clone was upstairs sleeping....<br/><br/>In all my travels, I have never encountered better staff. The rooms are a reflection of that. Didn't eat at the hotel restaurant this time - did last time and it was surprisingly good.<br/><br/>We'll be back.<br/>Thank you Savoy Suites. 
137508263	 Easy bus ride (32, 36) to the National Mall. The free parking was a nice plus. The neighborhood is very nice, lots of shops down Wisconsin Ave, and very walkable.<br/><br/>There was nothing to complain about with this hotel. It was very reasonably priced, friendly staff, a spotless room, wonderful memory foam bed, and far enough from the main attractions to be quiet, but close enough for an easy visit. <br/><br/>We expected a fairly basic hotel and happened to get a room with a spectacular view of the skyline. Everything exceeded our expectations. 
137507835	 My college-age son and I enjoyed our three-night stay at the Savoy. Our room was clean, the beds very comfortable, WiFi easy to use, and the air conditioner worked great. We never once heard anyone else in the surrounding rooms. The free parking was what initially attracted me to the hotel since it seemed to be one of the few comparable hotels that did not charge for parking. The bus stop is just across the street and we only took the car out of the clean and well-lighted garage a couple of times. The neighborhood appeared safe and we felt comfortable walking back to the hotel from 2 Amy's where you can find really great Italian style pizza. There are several restaurants nearby, a CVS drug store, Whole Foods with an amazing assortment of prepared foods for takeout, a gas station across the street, parks, and a nice ice cream shop. My son checked out Breadsoda, which is a bar with pool tables nearby. The hotel's staff was professional and pleasant. From checkin to checkout, we encountered no problems. 
137384595	 I stayed here with another adult and two children, so my requirements were a bit different than if I were looking for a romantic getaway. Not that this hotel wouldn't be suitable for a romantic weekend, but on this trip I was more interested in large rooms and convenient breakfast options and nearby parks because of traveling with children. This hotel was a very pleasant surprise!! What a great value with very friendly and helpful staff. And with 2 adults, 2 children and all of our baggage we never felt that we were squeezed into the room.<br/><br/>The nearest metro station is NOT close by and many people will not find it within walking distance (although we did walk it once and survived just fine). But the free shuttle service that the hotel provides is excellent and convenient. We never waited more than 10 minutes to be picked up at the metro station.<br/><br/>If you want to stay near the beautiful and exclusive neighborhood of Georgetown in a nice hotel with with large rooms and good breakfast and friendly staff.... then the Savoy Suites is the spot for you!! 
197380461	 I stayed at Savoy Suites for the 1st time and will definitely be coming back! My room was very spacious, had charm and a wonderful view. Ryan, the gentleman who checked me in was so gracious and kind. 
196985664	 Located in Georgetown next to Embassy Circle. Restaurants are plentiful in the area. Hotel is a smaller boutique hotel and an older building. Staff was friendly and room comfortable. Parking garage available at $20 per night. Room was large but bathroom on the small side. Rooms were clean and bed comfortable. Hotel shows some signs of needing updating if you look closely. Hotel restaurant was uninviting for dinner time upon an 830 pm arrival. Not a sole was eating dinner and waitress was leaning on a service table looking at her phone. Decent restaurants within walking distance. We had a comfortable one night stay at a reasonable price . 
196552120	 I stayed at the Savoy Suites to be near the more expensive hotel where my conference was taking place. For 1/3 the cost I got a very comfortable stay. The room was huge, the bed was heavenly (tempurpedic!), and the staff very friendly. My only complaint was the the shuttle to the metro and my conference was cancelled one day due to snow. The other days it only ran at limited hours, and you had to wait around until the driver was ready to go. If you're in a hurry and dependent on the shuttle to get to the metro it's a real pain, but otherwise I highly recommend the Savoy! 
196126741	 I stayed at this hotel during a recent visit to American University. While not in the heart of Georgetown, it is within very close walking distance of restaurants (from Jimmy Johns to fine dining), CVS and Whole Foods. The newly remodeled rooms are affordable and spacious, and the beds were great- Tempurpedic. My room overlooked a nice neighborhood, had a king bed, microwave, mini refrigerator, sink, safe, and coffee pot. The food at the restaurant was fresh and delicious. I don't usually order pasta unless at a pasta house, but theirs was made in-house. It was hot, fresh, and delicious. While not near a Metro, there is a free shuttle that will take (and pick you up) during certain hours to the Metro and to American U. Nice little hotel! 
195677827	 First, thank you to the very friendly staff at the front desk, Ryan and Anastasia.<br/>They went the extra mile to sort out a booking problem, and I got refunded. The next day they helped with some photo copies we needed urgently.<br/>The hotel is in a pleasant area, with bus, train and taxi-cab services nearby. We needed to visit the French Embassy nearby.. I found the room and bathroom clean and convenient. There was a coffee maker, small fridge and safe in the room. The air con worked well, though a little noisy.<br/>The dinner-menu looked expensive and way too big for what we needed, but the staff offered us some Burgers and fries, which turned out to be very good. <br/>The bar needs to get a cocktail-menu, but we were served what we ordered. 
195501609	 Good location and convenient parking. Staff pleasant and accommodating. Our deal included drinks at Twist which had igotten charged to room. Beds surprising were comfortable. Decor - outdated. Check out was challenging since we had to resolve the issue of the drinks being charged to our room when it was part of our package. Perhaps this could be resolved by giving some type of token to give to bar staff. Although we had reservations elsewhere for dinner, there appeared to be a wide variety of restaurants in the area. And although we had a small issue at checkout, we would still consider staying at the Savoy again. 
62146420	 While this hotel is well situated, and the staff is friendly and helpful, we won't stay here again. The beds are billed as &quot;Tempur&quot;, and the 3 of us each had a very uncomfortable night. Also, I have never been in a noisier hotel room. You could hear every door open, every conversation. At night and early in the morning. There is inadequate lighting in the room to do work, and the large chair that looks good is very uncomfortable. 
61633454	 I liked the hotel location and the pleasant staff. However, the rooms were only average. The hotel rooms are only partially renovated. Do not expect the room to look bright and sparkly like the photos on the hotel website. Basically the beds, carpet, and the optional kitchenettes are updated. The rooms are a bit dark. The bathrooms and HVAC system are in need of upgrades. The bathroom looks not-so-clean because of the age of the tile and fixtures. The shower valve in our room was broken. The knob would not stay in place so the water temperature needed constant adjustment. The HVAC system is an old-school wall unit with knobs and buttons to control air flow and temperature. The unit was extremely noisy and therefore could not be run at night. The rooms are not &quot;suites&quot;. We had a room with a kitchenette but there was no separate seating area and no table for eating. So we had to sit on the beds. <br/><br/>On the bright side, the staff is very helpful and friendly. The complimentary shuttle to the Woodley Park metro is very convenient and the driver is very courteous. The shuttle leaves every 30 mins from 8am-12pm and 4-8pm. The shuttle also picks you up from the metro if you call the hotel when you arrive at the metro station during those same hours.<br/><br/>The free wi-fi was very good and we had no issues with the service.<br/><br/>The hotel is not located in Georgetown. It is actually in Glover Park, just north of Georgetown. The location is very quiet, safe, and upscale - if that is what you are looking for (which we were). There is no night-life in this area. It is a short walk to Whole Foods and many reasonably priced, quality restaurants. We liked that the area is not touristy and you get to meet the locals. It's a nice 1.5 mile walk to Georgetown's M street. It is an uphill walk on the way back so if you're tired you can take one of the 30 bus lines back.<br/><br/>To get to the Mall area, you can also take the 32 or 36 bus across the street from the hotel. We actually preferred this option over the metro as you get to see the sites along the way. The 32 bus goes by Lafayette Park and you get a good view of the White House. <br/><br/>For what it's worth, we noticed a lot of airline personnel staying at this hotel. <br/><br/>We paid less than $200 per night but I do see the rates can reach $300 per night. I would not pay that much for this hotel. I wasn't so turned off that I would avoid this hotel. In a pinch, I would stay here again, but would prefer to pay a bit more for a hotel with better rooms. If you are looking for a true suite with a separate sitting area, I would head to a real suite hotel or one that offers Jr suites. 
60397553	 We stayed at the Savoy during a recent spring break. Great location, within walking distance to the shops and restaurants of Georgetown. This is the closest hotel to American University, which we were there to see. The rooms were clean and comfortable and the staff was welcoming and friendly. Planning another trip this summer to look at colleges and would definately stay again. 
56785014	 Best place to hunker down when your power is out and a blizzard is in town. <br/>We were one block north of a Whole Foods, Heritage India and Guy Mason park. Bring your sled for the next snowpocalypse - Guy Mason has a terrific hill. <br/>We were only a few blocks south of The National Cathedral but I was too cold/wimpy to walk that far. <br/>For breakfast get the french toast or waffles, they were absolutely delicious.<br/>Bring bubble bath so that you can enjoy the two person jacuzzi if you book a room with that option. 
56775068	 Savoy needs a remodel. The bathrooms are dingy and small (dilapidated fixtures, missing caulk); stained carpeting; in-room jacuzzis with serious surface erosion of the enamel. Although the beds are comfy, the service excellent (I requested &amp; received a very quiet room), and location good, the hotel itself is simply run down. I'll stay elsewhere next time. 
55291067	 I stayed here in January 2009 during Obama's Inauguration. The staff was fabulous. They were very helpful to my family. They found a cab for my mother and sister to get back to the hotel during the Inauguration when all the cabs were stuck in downtown DC. <br/><br/>I don't remember much about the room other than our room having a distant view of the Capitol. <br/><br/>I am writing this review to simply clarify the reviews saying that the staff wasn't helpful. I found them very nice, accomodating and helpful. 
231924670	 My wife moved us here from a well known downtown hotel so she could be closer to Sibley Memorial Hospital. I was there for two days with an emergency visit. After release we stayed here for two days while I recovered a bit before traveling back home. We found this hotel to be very comfortable, clean and an enjoyable stay. Great folks at front desk and a very nice overall experience with very reasonable rates. We use Trip Advisor religiously for our travels and this hotel with its 2014 Certificate Of Excellence did not disappoint. The only thing that holds back one star are the furnishings which, although clean and neat, are dated. But, you're not paying five star prices either and for what this hotel is you won't be disappointed. 
231783658	 We enjoyed a one-night stay at this hotel and found it charming. The room was clean and spacious; the beds were made up with lots of pillows and high-quality linens; the bathroom was modern with a wonderful shower.<br/>The staff offered friendly smiles, and one person, Mr. Ryan at the front desk, was especially helpful to us. This hotel is a quiet gem. It's near the National Cathedral, in a safe neighborhood for walking or running, and has both on-street and private parking. We didn't use the metro as our time there was short, but the metro is accessible. 
231403759	 Great price , Location is very nice. People very nice and helpful. Bed super confy and smell clean and fresh. And they keep it clean every day during our stay. Go Green advertising is a fantastic idea . Very lovely trip. My husband and i loved it.Thank you very much. 
230856448	 Wevsrayed here one night on the way through town. While the lobby and hallways are updated, the brooms themselves are very dated. The first room we were given had a strong smell of disinfectant or most likely carpet cleaner (the carpets are pretty old). It also had a large burgundy whirlpool tub just a step from the bed. Weird! <br/><br/>We asked for a different room with no tub and were promptly moved to the fifth floor by Ryan, the excellent guest services manager. This room was generally better (no hot tub or funky smell), but terribly dated as well. Pillows were anemic at best, and the curtains don't close all the way for blackout/sleep purposes. <br/><br/>I would not recommend this tired hotel for a stay of more than one night. That said, Ryan did his very best to make us comfortable and should be commended for his great service! 
230758473	 We stayed for 5 nights in early Sep 2014. Our room was quiet and pleasant with a nice view. Everything was clean, facilities were good, and staff were welcoming and helpful. There is no metro in upper Georgetown, but there were plenty of buses just outside which took you down town cheaply. The area was spacious, lively and interesting. 
230582760	 5 night stay, found room to be clean and comfortable. Staff friendly and helpful at our late night check-in due to flight delay. Came across a couple of not so friendly reception staff during stay. They leave cards in bathroom asking to hang towels if you don't want fresh ones every day but don't provide any where to hang towels. No ventilation in bathroom, so when showering, becomes like a sauna in a matter of minutes. <br/><br/>If you are seeing the sights of DC and are relying on public transport, think twice. Had to use taxis a couple of times, easy to come by and not outrageously priced, but adds to cost of holiday. <br/><br/>Only couple of minutes walk to shops if you need to pick up supplies or dinner. 
189061315	 Spent the night in this hotel by chance because my wife and I were too tired to drive from a party we attended around the corner from the hotel. <br/>Let me start by saying that this hotel would have got a lower rating if their brunch was not so good. The walls must be paper thin because not only did I have to endure the couple next door having sex for a good part of the morning, but I could hear all their movements.!! Parking is underneath the hotel and you have to call from a phone to get in or out. Not really for suv's. At least the room was clean despite the aged carpet and the bathroom looked like an attempt had been made to make it modern. Struck me like a days inn type hotel with good brunch. Looks like a very old rundown hotel that has been renovated and trying to get better. No I won't be staying there again. 
188837014	 My husband and I recently stayed at the Savoy while spending Christmas in DC with our son. Our experience was most pleasant-more like staying at an Inn with family and close friends. From the bell hop, desk staff, bartender and wait staff, everyone was extremely polite and attentive. The Savoy's convenient location to Georgetown shops, waterfront restaurants, ice rink and National Cathedral made our commutes stress free. We thoroughly loved our Grande View room overlooking the Capitol and Washington Monument, particularly at night. The hotel, rooms were immaculate, tastefully decorated for Christmas and we felt very safe coming and going with the secured underground parking. We have found our new DC hotel for future stays. We have to give th Savoy 5 stars!! 
188809985	 Overall, we were very happy with this accomodation, at a convenient location, with a quite reasonable price. The building and contents are clean and seem to have been regularly updated; the king bed is comfortable; the dining room is attractive, and the continental breakfast (we got the $10 version) tasty, with good service; the staff was consistently helpful and friendly; the view from our 8th floor room toward the Cathedral was great. <br/><br/>We were mildly unhappy on several points however, most of which could probably be addressed with little cost:<br/><br/>* We were given a room with a jacuzzi, which we didn't want and were not informed about until our luggage had been brought up; it takes up space that could have been used more conveniently--especially as a place for the one large and comfy chair which was tucked into a small corner at the foot of that tub, with no lamp for reading. <br/>* The fridge and coffee maker are located in the clothes closet (I didn't even see them until the second day), and could easily be placed in the empty corner outside the bathroom--if an electrical outlet were added there. <br/>* The room is too dark on the side opposite the bed, with no ceiling light and insufficient lamps; the ceiling lamp over the bed nearest the windows did not work. <br/>* In spite of the &quot;Green&quot; cards instructing us how to indicate that we don't want towels and sheets to be laundered every night (a sustainability practice that we heartily support), there were NO bath-towel-sized racks (only one small rack for hand towels). The maid took away the bath towels we had spread across the jazuzzi the first night, but did leave them there, as requested, are we left a note (attached to the Green card) on our second morning. <br/>* The bathroom sink has no stopper or closing mechanism--inconvenient for folks like us who need to wash a few small items of clothing, and even for my morning shave. <br/>* The restaurant ceiling lights are pointed right into patrons' eyes . . . blindingly!<br/>Still, it was a good experience, overall. Thanks for asking for comments. I hope you can respond to some of these suggestions.<br/>Wallace 
188609253	 This is an inexpensive, nice place to stay with good proximity to Embassy Row, the Zoo, and the Cathedral. The staff was very courteous, the rooms were clean but very overheated, and there are several nice restaurants nearby. 
188298927	 Needing to be in the area of the National Cathedral, we found this hotel on Trip Advisor. It's generally modest but exceptionally friendly, and the rate was a fraction of what we're used to in our usual haunts. We chose a king bedded &quot;view&quot; room which was spacious and had a splendid panorama of the city below. The breakfast room is a bit dreary, but the buffet was ample, with a nice selection of fresh fruits, breads and pastries plus someone preparing omelets etc to order. My only complaint was about the pillows, which were the only reminded that we were spending a lot less than we usually do! 
188140659	 The staff was very helpful and pleasant during our two night visit. My son and I were in town so he could donate bone marrow at Georgetown University Hospital. We had car service for most of our visit, but on a few occasions I needed to use the shuttle service offered by the hotel. The driver was so nice, he would call me to tell me he was at the hospital. The front desk staff was very helpful recommending places to eat and allowing us a late check-out. <br/>The only reason I didn't give the hotel an excellent rating is the heating/air-conditioning system. I think I got up more than 10 times during the night to adjust the thermostat and the fan. It was either to hot, too cold or blowing too much air. I have never had such a problem with an in room unit. My son even got a nose bleed, which he does when the air is too dry. 
15538202	 I recently stayed at the Savoy during my visit to Washington D.C. The hotel is located near the Georgetown area which gave me easy access to a variety of hotels and restaurants within close proximity to the hotel. The major tourist attractions are also only a short distance from the hotel which made sightseeing convenient. <br/><br/>The hotel itself was clean and well maintained, the staff were courteous, friendly and eager to be of assistance. The rooms were spacious and most importantly environment friendly. I only had dessert at the hotel restaurant and it was fantastic. By far one of the best Tiramisu's I've ever had and the coffee was also good.<br/><br/>There's room for improvement as far as their wireless connection is concerned but overall it was a wonderful stay for me at the Savoy. It is a fairly priced hotel for its proximity to the D.C. attractions as well as the Georgetown area and the accomodations are definitely above average, especially in comparison to other hotels in the area. I would strongly recommend this hotel and will likely go back there again. 
15412297	 I had a really long wish list of amenities that I wanted for my recent trip to DC. The Savoy Suites had it all at a reaonable price, including the in room jacuzzi. I paid in advance on their website and saved 30%. I thought it was too good to be true but it wasnt. The hotel looks like it does in the photos and was clean and the service was great. The shuttle service was great for getting to and from the Metro. There is a Safeway, CVS and places to eat and drink within walking distance. And yes, free parking!<br/>I rely a lot on this site when planning trips so I wanted to share my experience and some pics. I hope this review helps make your decision easier. <br/>I would stay here again and would definately recommend it. Ask for a room on the backside of the hotel for a view. Also, patio wasnt open yet when we were there but looked fabulous. 
14740696	 When you first walk into the hotel, your expectations are average.<br/><br/>Upon entering and being greeted promptly, I was very pleased. The staff was attentive, friendly and well versed in many languages. The restaurant is small, however; the menu has a wide variety of choices and the prices are within reason. <br/><br/>I had an appetizer, a salad, and a main course, and the food was well seasonsed and above all the service was outstanding. I thought the place had a unique and quaint charm to it, that you rarely find in other mainstream restaurants. The prices are reasonable for the location and my only suggeston is that the renovate/redo the color scheme, it's kind of dull, otherwise, I love the seating, table setting, etc.<br/><br/>I would recommend this restauarant to patrons of the hotel. 
11457665	 The room was very large and well maintained. This is a middle-aged hotel so some signs of age showed here and there. The shuttle service to the Metro station worked well for us. The hotel desk service was good. An unusual event for us was to visit the bar. The bar had just changed ownership so the drink I ordered was out of stock temporarially until new stock could be added. So the Bar Manager, Yared Betsate, created a drink for me. We called it the Savoy Special.<br/>Stoli Vanilla<br/>Creme' de Cacao<br/>Coffee<br/>Cream/Milk<br/>Whipped Cream<br/>Thank You Yared 
10045399	 Very god sized rooms. Although decoration needs to be refreshed, I wasn't there to stay in my room so it's ok. It was clean. Walkable distance to Georgetown, good rstaurants and shopping, but quite far from downtown. 
8063575	 The Savoy Suites is a good bargain. Rooms are comfortable, nice sized. I arrived early and the staff worked hard to get me into the room, much appreciated.<br/><br/>It is conveniently located on Wisconsin Avenue and has free parking if you drive. We walked to the National Cathedral (uphill going to the Cathedral) and it took about 11 minutes. The Whole Foods store on the next block is very convenient as is the <br/>CVS pharmacy 2 blocks away. Also a number of other restaurants are nearby (ate at Kavanaugh's Pizza, it was OK).<br/><br/>Transportation is ok. The bus line runs right out front and goes right through the middle of Georgetown then eventually goes by the White House and runs down Pennsylvania Avenue which is convenient for Mall visitors. There is a shuttle that runs to the Woodley Park metro station. Call to find out times as it runs infrequently. We were out late one night and the cab fare from the National Archives was about $14.00.<br/><br/>I ate there for the evening meal, there is an early bird special which was excellent value. We ate the Sunday brunch which was priced to be a premium brunch. It was not, the rolls seemed to be day old, the fruit was ok.<br/><br/>There is a bar right next door that was hopping on a Saturday night. They chase you out early to keep the noise down for neighbors.<br/><br/>The wireless internet worked perfectly. The bed was very comfortable. Room was clean. Bathroom was clean and well-stocked. There was a small dorm fridge in the closet but we did not need. TV channel selection was very good.<br/><br/>This was my second stay and I will definitely stay again.<br/> 
112282692	 This hotel was recommened to us by a friend who lives in Washington, as it was near his home. The hotel was very nice, our room was lovely, and the staff could not have been more professional or personable. We would highly recommend the Savoy Suites Hotel to anyone who will be visiting Washington DC. 
112034977	 This hotel was a in lovely area north of Georgetown. Our room (507) was quiet, and the Tempurpedic bed was incredibly comfortable. We had a wonderful view of the Washington Monument in the distance. Room came with a mini fridge and green bath products. 
111998106	 Savoy Suites, located within walking distance to many shops, restaurants, and bars near Georgetown's campus, was perfect for our trip to Washington, DC! The hotel is beautifully decorated, classic decor with a contemporary twist, and made for lovely accomodations when not out sight seeing in the city and surrounding area.<br/><br/>The rooms were spacious, much larger than anticipated, and the beds were among the most comfortable I have slept in - perhaps more comfortable than my own bed at home! The staff was outstanding, incredibly helpful and kind.<br/><br/>All in all, we were very pleased with our stay at Savoy Suites! I would certainly recommend this hotel to friends or family who are planning to visit DC anytime in the near future! 
111416514	 Rooms comfortable, clean &amp; nicely decorated. Vince at the front desk was very helpful &amp; accomodating. The host/ bar tender at the restaurant went out of his way to make our dining very pleasant at the end of trying seven hours drive. Free parking is a Bonus! For the price we could not have had a better stay in the heart of DC. Our first choice hotel when we visit DC again. 
110929669	 I've stayed at the Savoy Suites, off and on, for more than a decade. At one point, I thought that it had become &quot;tired,&quot; so I switched to a nearby Georgetown hotel. This April, I booked into the Savoy Suites, once again, along with my daughter and her husband. What a wonderful surprise awaited us. The hotel has been spruced up, beautifully. I always found the staff helpful and pleasant and that hasn't changed, but the rooms, corridors, etc, have been really upgraded. There's nothing worse for a traveler than to walk down a dimly-lit corridor and into a room where you find mud colored carpets, matched by heavy bedding. Not here! Lovely white linens covering comfortable mattresses and an assortment of pillows. Samsung flat TV and FREE WiFi. I read some of the negative reviews of the Savoy Suites and was totally amazed at the adverse reaction of a few critics. I did note, however, that the manager of the hotel actually answered the criticism and invited the disgruntled writer to contact him. Amazing. I could go on and on but suffice it to say, this is one of the great bargains in D.C. (Like most of Georgetown, there's no nearby Metro, but there are busses right across the street and the glorious Circulator stops a few blocks down Wisconsin.) One minor caveat, the windows were streaked and needed cleaning--which I mentioned at the front desk before I left. I've no doubt that condition will be remedied. <br/>A final bit. I always check the Bed Bug Registry before I make reservations anywhere and the Savoy Suites has remained free of them. 
110914011	 Great room size, large bed, very clean. We actually had a jacuzzi bath in the bedroom, although it was extremely noisy and worried it may annoy the people in the neighbouring rooms so only used it the once. Quite handy for most of Washington. We reckoned a good 15 min walk to Georgetown and another 20 min walk to central DC. Great area for exploring, near Embassy Row and the Cathedral and fairly quiet. 
250062059	 We recently stayed at The Savoy for four nights and the staff, especially the front desk, we're so helpful. The rooms are a good size and having the fridge in the room is always a plus. There are restaurants within walking distance as well as onsite. I especially liked having a Whole Foods close. Although it is not close to the metro they provide a free shuttle, and that proved very useful. <br/><br/>We look forward to staying again. 
250020309	 The hotel is convenient to the airport and Georgetown and downtown. If you enjoy walking there is much within walking distance: National Cathedral, Cactus Cantina, Georgetown, Sequoia, etc. It is clean, quiet, and well serviced. I very much enjoyed staying there. 
249929485	 I have to stress how professional, efficient and very helpful the front desk host, Mr Ahmad has been while assisting me solve a very difficult problem. I needed to have solved urgently between yesterday and today sunday January 18th.<br/>please encourage him to keep acting as he is doing now<br/> Ambassdor s, GUEYE from Senegalm West Africa 
249646395	 I'm writing this review prior to my departure but had to write a big thank you to the shuttle service at the Savoy Suites, specifically the driver Anthony Jones. He was such a huge help to our stay here and I'm grateful for that. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful as well.<br/>-Jersey 
249578857	 The hotel staff were excellent; from the reception staff who greeted us on arrival tot he waiters in the restaurant to the maids who serviced the rooms. Nothing was too much trouble and everyone welcomed us with a smile and a cheery word. <br/>The hotel rooms are of a good size and very well appointed. The bathrooms were the same, loved having a huge walk-in shower and having an under the counter type fridge in the room was excellent. 
249436671	 Hotel has 8 floors with very nice rooms. I recommend a room on upper floor with great views of the city. Saba was very helpful at the front desk-- she gave us options on transportation. The only down side is that this hotel is not very near a metro stop for those like us who like to use the metro. Very green place with paraben free shampoos. 
189435029	 In March 2013, my wife and I were married in DC, and both of our families flew in for the occasion. The staff provided excellent service, including helping to arrange shuttles to and from the church for the event, keeping the bar open extra hours, and arranging a special breakfast for the family the morning after the wedding and reception. The rooms are very nicely kept up and the staff is very helpful. It was a very positive experience that greatly reduced the stress of wedding logistics. 
189391693	 Spent the week of Christmas 2013 at the Savoy. Great location just down the street from my son, and very comfortable. Ryan got me checked in quickly and was always pleasant and greeted me as I came and went that week. Rooms are comfortable and clean. House keeping always on the spot and pleasant. Not a fan of the little square bed pillows, but there were plenty to line up and stay comfortable. This was my 5th stay at the Savoy and the service and amenities have always been consistently great. 
189217765	 Terrific and very cost effective DC hotel in Georgetown area. Rooms are large and clean. Convenient lower level parking garage. Desk staff courteous and efficient. Many neighborhood restaurants and a Whole Foods a 5-min walk down Wisconsin. 
189172560	 When we return home to visit family and friends, we enjoy staying at the Savoy, which is close enough to everything yet nestled in a quiet residential area. We especially like the price for the quality, the convenient and safe underground parking, and the welcoming atmosphere. While the hotel is older, it is very well kept, clean and the service is helpful yet unobtrusive. It's the ideal home base for our family of four, including two younger children. Also, we like the option of venturing out by car or using the free shuttle, which will take you to a metro, the zoo, or nearby universities. 
189154921	 Had a wonderful stay in December while attending a conference. The Sales Manager, JoAnn Sipe was very pleasant &amp; helpful in organizing our event. We really enjoyed working with her. Thanks JoAnn for everything!!! We will do it again, in a heartbeat!!! 
189128284	 We went to attend a wedding in Washington, DC and we have two dogs that we took with us as we couldn't leave behind. I did a search on hotels that accept dogs and Savoy was the best fit, there was no extra I have to pay, all others needed $20 or more per dog. The service, rooms and the atmosphere was great. Wonderful experience, thank you Savoy!! 
192375683	 We had never stayed at the Savoy Suites before but we certainly will again! Very nice rooms, fantastic staff - super friendly and helpful, good location, and pet friendly :)!!! It was a totally enjoyable time and we absolutely recommend it. 
192337715	 I travel to DC multiple times a year and always come back to Savoy Suites Hotel. The staff is incredibly courteous and helpful and rooms are very large and always clean. This boutique hotel sits in a terrific location just up the hill from Georgetown with easy access to everything in the city. The restaurant is very good - meals are wonderful - whether it is the daily breakfast buffet with made-to-order eggs or in-room dining for dinner. I have never been disappointed here! The one area that management needs to consider updating is their lack of a loyalty program. 
191648606	 My girlfriend and I visited Washington D.C. last week for the weekend and stayed from Wednesday to Sunday at the Savoy Suites. I was impressed by the size and cleanliness of the room and I was so excited to find out she booked a room with a jacuzzi, which made for some relaxing bubble baths during our stay. What stood out most to me was the incredible hospitality and friendliness of the staff. I called the hotel a few days in advance to see if someone would be able to help me plan a small surprise for my girlfriend since her birthday was on Friday and Ryan at the front desk was my saving grace! He got really excited with me when I told him my plan to have a small slice of chocolate cake delivered to our room to surprise her and he was totally on board when I asked that if I made a small decorating kit for the room, he could come in while we were out on the town and put up the posters and decorations. Now, it's not every day that you get such wonderful customer service, but Ryan absolutely went ABOVE and BEYOND in making all of my birthday surprise plans for her work out and it was beautiful. She was completely surprised and so happy we have pulled it all off and I would ABSOLUTELY recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a pleasant stay with a little extra awesome in the staff. Thank you so much Savoy Suites for a wonderful weekend! Next time we're in D.C. we know where to stay! 
191224793	 I am impressed with hospitality. Hotel interior was great and rooms are kept in very clean and orderly way. The breakfast and restaurant was great and much above then current industry standards. All services were on time and all employees were very cordial and helpful.<br/><br/>Bhuvan 
191194462	 This hotel was incredibly lovely, very classic design and a lovely boutique hotel. It was a nice treat to be so near Embassy Row, the National Cathedral, and Georgetown. They have TemperPedic beds, which is so awesome! Great restaurants and shops close by. We fell in love. 
191171065	 the hotel is located in a very good area but not in the heart of the Winsconsin Ave, but you can walk to the commercial area, the hotel has a nice lobby and restaurants and the decoration of the aisles and the room is kind of old but very clean.<br/><br/>We had breakfast in the buffet and is really good, I recommend it and hope too visit again 
225954749	 Happy to stay again (previous 2004) at the Savoy Suites Hotel. Updated room, bathroom, lobby etc., was very nice. Location was excellent based on the need to be at Washington National Cathedral for most of the weekend. Front desk staff (Hafiza/Carlos) very helpful at check-in and out, especially calling for cabs, storing luggage,etc. Breakfast rather expensive but with mobility issues, it was very convenient. Good value for money. Good location for my purpose, but a bus ride from the main sights. 
225919781	 This is a great place to stay while visiting GU. I have stayed here 4 times over the last 2 years and the combination of friendly staff, comfortable rooms and convenient shuttle to the Georgetown university gates is a great combo. Best rates, and with parking, that are available in the area. Lots of restaurants and whole foods in walking distance. 
225776102	 So glad I decided to stay here. We have stayed in this area before but elsewhere. The Savoy was updated in room decor, bathroom, and lobby. Everything was great from the first hello at the reception desk, to help with a ride to airport after my stay. Friendly staff, very clean and comfortable. Plus, such a great peaceful neighborhood for walking, just a little ways north of Georgetown. Nearby are, Whole Foods, many bars and restaurants, a gas station, a coffee shop, The National Cathedral, bus stops to quickly take you further into or out of DC, and other sites to visit. All in all, this was a perfect choice at a reasonable price 
224670280	 I was in town for a conference and wanted to stay at a convenient hotel that cost less than the conference hotel. The Savoy Suites cost less and included a free shuttle to the Woodley Park Metro stop, which was very close to my conference hotel. The shuttle made for easy commutes to the conference early in the morning (leaving time to allow for traffic) but I did find it was a little inconvenient if I wanted to take the shuttle in the evening, in either direction, as there was a lot of waiting. The bus that stops across from the hotel ended up being more convenient for my needs.<br/><br/>The location is great - walking distance to lots of restaurants and shops, but just far enough away from the bustle that it was pretty quiet. Inside the hotel was just as loud as any other hotel, and I had some loud neighbors in the morning that led to some earlier wake-ups than I would have liked. That wasn't the hotel's fault, though. The staff was fantastic and very helpful, and the room was clean, spacious, and cozy. <br/><br/>I'm very glad I found this hotel for my stay, and if I return to DC anytime soon I will definitely return to the Savoy Suites! 
224444565	 Great little hotel near Georgetown and American University. Good restaurants in walking distance.Nice neighborhood feel.<br/>Staff is attentive.<br/>Parking is ample although a bit challenging to maneuver through if you have a large vehicle. Too bad they are now charging a daily fee.<br/>The rooms are fair size, clean and quiet. I liked the tempur-pedic mattress although some in our group found it too firm. The showers were good.<br/>Too bad there is only one ice machine for the WHOLE hotel in the basement. Also, no in house exercise facilities.<br/>Despite these small short comings, a good value. 
224419309	 Great location and atmosphere. Felt safe walking around and lots of places to choose from to eat and shop. Short drive to see things in Washington DC. I liked the secured parking and as for the rooms, they were very clean and the beds were very comfortable. There is no microwave in the rooms, but there is a small fridge. I will definitely be back. 
131446337	 We would like to express our most heartfelt appreciation to Tiffany and Asiavon, for making our engagement night one to remember. The ladies called the restaurant in which we were dining to ensure that a congratulatory desert was presented to us after the ring was placed on the finger. Their professionalism and courtesy was spectacular. They went above and beyond the call to ensure our special night was one to remember.<br/><br/>Once again, thank you ladies for a superb job. We will definitely be seeing you again in the near future.<br/><br/>Rodney and Yvette 
131279909	 The hotel is very nice. We had a view room, which didn't really have much of a view, since a tree was in the way. Maybe because we bought ahead on travelocity instead of going through the hotel. We could see the Washington Monument when it was daylight. Mostly that room was good because it was off the street and there was a lot of construction going on there. I think the location may depend on how much time you have. We were only there briefly so messing with buses didn't seem like a great idea. The cab in the morning was $20 with tip to the Air and Space Museum and we spent $18 getting back from Ford's Theatre. We also added $20 per night for a rollaway. All-in-all, this hotel is a great value and I would stay there again although now that I know Washington a bit I might look into staying closer to downtown. We never ate the food but Bruegers bagels is down the hill for breakfast and the Shanghai Tea House was fabulous for dinner. 
130930979	 After seeing all the great reviews we decided to stay here but left after the first night. It's not really a great location being far from both the quaint cafes and shops of georgetown and from the downtown area and monuments. It was not an easy walking distance but at least a good 15 mins down to M street and longer to anywhere else. It's also on the extremely congested side of Wisconsin Avenue thus making it difficult to get in and out of the are by taxi and it is not close to a metro stop. It is also much more expensive than other hotels which are more central and convenient with better rooms. The room itself was spacious but outdated, and the bathroom was extremely congested and tight.<br/>We moved onto to the Hotel Lombardy after the first night which was cheaper and vastly superior. 
130574650	 I loved everything about my stay at Savoy! The reception was courteous, helpful and respectful. (Jordan, especially, as he allowed me great free parking). The rooms were spotless and the beds extra comfortable. The hotel was quiet and the location ideal ( not too much road noise and even if there was, one could not hear it)! The best part of the whole package was the location for sure- a good middle point for access to the National Cathedral and the shops at Georgetown. I highly reccommend this hotel: you will not regret your decision to stay here! 
130564172	 Lovely boutique hotel in wonderful Georgetown, with lots of great restaurants right around the corner. Nice, very helpfull staff. The rooms are very spacious and clean. There's free parking which is a bonus in DC. Also loved the free wifi. Definately worth going back. 
130473252	 We stayed here for three nights just to see the sights of Washington, DC. The hotel itself is darling and in a charming neighborhood. (The Vice President lives right around the corner!) The people who work there are pleasant and accommodating. Parking is free, which is rare for Washington, DC. Public transportation is walking distance away. We did not bother with the hotel shuttle. We actually walked to the National Cathedral and the Zoo one day, then caught the Metro down to the Mall. Put a lot of steps on that day, but it was great fun. Bonus was the 20% off restaurant food. We will stay there again! 
202140488	 My partner and I reserved a room for one night over easter weekend in order to visit some friends in the area as well as see the city a bit. This is an older hotel and it shows, low ceilings and dark hallways with dated architecture. In and of itself this is not necessarily a bad thing, but it doesn't contribute positively to the atmosphere either. <br/><br/>My main complaint with the hotel stems from cleanliness. When I'm paying over $100/night for a hotel, I expect it to be clean. Dated styling and older carpet is acceptable, but stains on the wall and a comforter that you don't want to look too closely at is out in my book.<br/><br/>Also, be warned that the parking garage is very small and difficult to maneuver. I had to make several three point turns to navigate around the corners in the garage, with less than 6 inches to spare with my small pickup. If you have two cars, bring the small one.<br/><br/>The staff is friendly, and the location is nice, and I can live with older styling and a small garage, but in my book there is no excuse for the room being dirty. Next time I visit D.C. I will be staying elsewhere. 
202118419	 We were stopping off in D.C. for two days between family visits and found this hotel to be comfortable and affordable. Easy to get to and from tourist areas downtown via hotel shuttle to metro stop near the zoo. Great neighborhood with lots of dining choices and near the National Cathedral. Only negative was that the wi-fi did not work properly. If I were on business it would have been a major problem. Also, no pool or fitness on site. 
201904036	 I stayed at the hotel on an official trip, and my overall view is that it was a decent hotel. It was conveniently located to where I was working, but less so for touristic purposes. However, the area is well served by public transport, with buses taking you to the main areas of Georgetown for shopping and restaurants. I suggest getting a Metro card, which serves both the buses and subway system, otherwise you will be paying more by cash and must have the correct change for the bus.<br/><br/>I only ate at the hotel's restaurant once on my last day staying there for lunch, before I was due to fly back to London, so won't include a review about the food.<br/><br/>Check-in was quick and easy. The reception staff was friendly and, after realising how long I was staying, she offered to change my room to one that included cooking facilities (the hotel booking was made by my employers otherwise I would have booked a room with a kitchen prior to checking in). This proved very convenient as it saved me a lot of money and hassle on food, so I was very grateful for this upgrade - at no extra cost! I had to stay in a normal room on my first night though because one with a kitchen wasn't available.<br/><br/>The room was clean and the bathroom was okay. I've stayed in better looking hotels, but I can't complain about the look of this one. Housekeeping was good too. The kitchen facility was decent. The fridge was too small for me, but I guess it would be for a three-week's stay. It had a double electric hob, but I found it strange that it didn't have a microwave. There were a lot of pots, pans and utensils though. I took full advantage of these facilities and ate most of my breakfasts, lunches and dinners in the room. Worryingly, the smoke alarm was set off a couple of times (due to the oil cooking for too long - not necessarily because of food burning :-)) but none of the hotel staff checked if i was okay.<br/><br/>I found the Wi-Fi to be excellent. Very fast and probably one of the best hotel Wi-Fi I've come across - and I have stayed in many hotels around the world.<br/><br/>I don't think there is much else to write. If I was going to Washington DC for the same reason I went for this stay I would highly consider staying here again. But, if I was going to DC for travel purposes, I would consider other hotels first. 
201733356	 My family of five had two rooms during Easter; big rooms, marvellous beds, very clean, an ok gym as well as a great location in charming Georgetown...............................................................Choose this one! 
201699090	 We stayed three nights at the Savoy Suites in April 2014. Our stay coincided with end of the cherry blossom festival, so DC was fairly crowded while we were there. <br/><br/>The hotel stay was very pleasant overall, with one significant problem. The negative first: the WiFi service was maddeningly frustrating. The signal strength in our room was great, and when our devices (two iPod touches and a Dell Latitude laptop running Windows XP, for those who are interested) were connected, the network worked beautifully: nice and fast with no drops once connected. However, getting connected to begin with was like playing the world's unluckiest game of craps. Each of our iPod touches connected successfully to the network a couple times, with about 25 times as many attempts to connect that were met by a brick wall of &quot;unable to connect&quot;. Our laptop saw the wifi signals perfectly fine also, but NEVER was able to establish a connection. We contacted the front desk regarding the problems we were experiencing on our third evening (the first day we had time to try to fix the problems rather than just give up and say &quot;screw it&quot;), and were told by a very polite employee that he would contact their IT help desk immediately, but since it was about 10:00 PM at that time, he did not know if a solution would be reached that evening (understandable). I mentioned the frustrating problems the next morning at the front desk when checking out, and a different employee said that the general manager was currently addressing the issue with their IT contractor, but all she would offer me was &quot;an apology for my inconvenience and an acknowledgment that people do rely on internet access more now than ever, so she understood my frustration.&quot; Thanks, but that didn't fix the problem. <br/><br/>Now, on to the positives: <br/>-The location of the hotel is great. It is NOT on a metro line, but is on a regular bus line, or is about a $10 taxi fare to the nearest metro station. It's just down the street from the National Cathedral in Georgetown, in a wonderful neighborhood, has a wonderful park with a playground for the kids right next door, and is walking distance from many shops and restaurants (try Rocklands BBQ just down Wisconsin Ave...Mmmmmm!). <br/>-Our room was extremely comfortable, clean, and spacious, considering we stayed in one of the basic two-queen bed rooms. The shower was nice and hot with great water pressure, the beds were incredibly comfy, and the small fridge was a nice touch (although a microwave would have been a welcome addition). The walls seemed pretty good at keeping the room quiet from outside noises as well.<br/>-For a basic room (on the 5th floor), we had a great view of the neighborhood and the Washington Monument in the distance, and the windows opened a bit to let in fresh air as well. <br/>-Every one of the staff we encountered was friendly, helpful, and welcoming.<br/>-Self-parking was a bit pricey ($20/night), but the underground garage was clean and easily accessible. 
201597086	 We stayed in the Savoy Suites for 2 nights in April. We had previously spend a few days in New York and Atlantic City and were finishing our travels in Washington, D.C. <br/><br/>The location is a little far out, BUT for a confident traveller the public service bus is very easy to get, just outside the hotel for less than $2. It gives you the chance to travel through Georgetown, - a lovely bohemian, boutique type town, which you probably would not get to see if you stayed 'Downtown'<br/><br/>We would recommended checking where you can get the service bus back to the hotel when it drops you off. <br/><br/>The hotel itself offers a shuttle bus, but the times for this are restricted, and it only drops you off at a metro stop, not 'downtown' where the major attractions are. <br/><br/>The staff were good, although service in the dining area on an evening was a little slow as there were only 1 waitress and 1 barman. <br/><br/>The rooms were great, very spacious, with a great shower.<br/><br/>The TV was limited to news channels and a couple of cartoon channels, which for my mother and I, we're not suitable. <br/><br/>The heating for the room was also difficult to find, and I had to ring reception twice to find out how to use it. However, it was excellent once we knew where the dial was.<br/><br/>Overall a great hotel, that I would recommend. 
220472819	 The rooms are very comfortable and clean. The staff - above all Asia - helped us with everything. In the first night we had to change our room because of the noise from outside as well an a broken air-condition and they moved us in 10minutes to another perfect room in which we could enjoy our stay. The only &quot;negative&quot; thing is, that the hotel is little bit far away from the centre of Georgetown, Downtown, National Mall, ... if you are planning to have a sightseeing trip you're always used to catch a bus (tip: catch the DC Circulator for just 1$ per person. The stop is just 1/2 miles away from the hotel). The breakfast is okay, but it won't worth the money. 
220327062	 Excellent hotel on the edge of the trendy Georgetown district...steps away from Calvert Street and Wisconsin Ave Metro bus stop, and lots of dining options. The in-house restaurant Georgetown Twist, though a bit pricey, is good for dinner and breakfast alike. Saba at the front desk is friendliness and helpfulness personified! We stayed two nights and have nothing but happy memories to look back on. Nice size room...and very comfortable beds. Will definitely return. 
220065560	 Spent 3 nights at the Savoy with my wife and kids. We were visiting to do some college visits in the DC area. The location was very convenient to Georgetown and we spent most of our free time in that area. We had our car and parking was simple in their underground private lot. Just be careful as it is a tight fit in many spots. Go to the lower level to avoid other cars!! Beds were comfortable and the staff was helpful getting us directions and using the shuttle to get to the metro (free). We didn't eat in the hotel so I can't comment on the food. You can walk to an Einstein Bagel a few blocks away and there is also a CVS a block further. 
219888314	 Excellent location- easy walk to Washington National Cathedral, Georgetown, variety of restaurants. Also easy to take bus to DC's many museums and well-known sites; often easier than driving and trying to find a place to park.<br/>Staff very friendly; good hotel security. 
219846048	 Our family was there for a few nights last month for vacationing. Things we liked: free shuttle to the Woodley Park metro station, walking distance to restaurants (Subway, Chipotle, a pizza place, a Chinese and indian places etc) and Whole Food &amp; CVS. The rate for the hotel seems reasonable (they are all expensive in DC). Things we didn't like: $30/day parking fee, pillows were way too soft for us and the loud noise coming from the air conditioning unit.<br/><br/>Tips:<br/>1) the free shuttle runs from early morning (starts at 7?) until 9:30 am every half an hour. Then in the afternoon starts at 4 pm. For the afternoon ride back to the hotel, you need to call the shuttle driver once you have arrived at the Woodley Park station, then you will have to wait on average 20 mins for him to pick you up (depending on where he is at that time). Suggestions for the morning ride: don't wait and do the last run at 9:30 am. The shuttle although can fit up to 10 people, you might still not able to get onto it if everyone is doing that last run. So be an early bird and get onto the earlier ride. As for coming back to the hotel, we found that taking a taxi back from the National Mall area for the four of us cost only $15 or so - which is only a few dollars more than taking the metro which you have to wait for the driver to pick you up from the station. So if you are tired and don't want to wait and have enough people in your group, you might as well get a taxi back to the hotel.<br/>2) the hotel has in-house dinning but we didn't try and read other reviews that it is kind of expensive ($15 per person for breakfast). We ended up buying some plates and cups from CVS (within 10 mins walk) and got our morning breakfast from Whole Food and took them back to the hotel. Whole Food sells breakfast (many variety and charge you by weight) and dinner items too.<br/><br/>Lastly, we will probably try a different hotel next time mainly because of the noises from the air conditioning. It was loud and there is nothing you can do about it unless you turn it off (not an option in the summer). We ended up not getting good rest or sleep during our stays there. 
219797900	 The staff members are very kind and extremely helpful. Especially Hafiza was very helpful. We liked the room stayed, the bath was small but overall we enjoyed our stay. It has a quite and friendly neighborhood. It is in safe neighbourhood. 
154692797	 You seriously cannot go wrong with this hotel. The hotel room itself was a typical hotel room, but the tempurpedic bed was so incredibly comfortable I woke up every morning feeling very refreshed. The hotel's location could not have been better. It was a nice walk or a quick bus ride to downtown Georgetown, where you can find wonderful restaurants and fun boutiques. There was free wi-fi internet, and the staff was very accommodating and helpful. I was able to print out my boarding passes and check-in from their lobby. They offer a shuttle service from the metro station so that you don't have to walk to the hotel if you don't want to. I recommend this hotel to anybody looking for an affordable and comfortable place to stay with helpful staff. 
154651764	 My husband and I stayed here for the weekend Mar 9-11th. The hotel is clean, staff is friendly, lobby is beautiful, and the exterior and nice and inviting. The breakfast buffet was a bit weak - no made-to-order omelettes were offered either morning for us - food was just basic, except the eggs were good, actually real eggs, not the powdered stuff. Also, there was no concierge - only front desk staff to help you out, and they didn't always give us the correct advice on busses, directions, etc. We were happily (and complimentarily) upgraded to a room with a jacuzzi becasue we were celebrating. They also sent a bottle of champagne to our room and had balloons in there when we arrived. All of this was very nice! Most hotels will charge for this stuff. The jacuzzi was strange, seeing as it's right next to the bed, but we ended up enjoying it. Also, the BIG draw to this place for us was the free parking--which we came to find out they NO LONGER OFFER. So that is sucky for anyone who wants to go now...although i guess at $20/night the prices are still competitive. Now, location...I had mixed feelings about this. The property is not actually technically in Georgetown - it's a 1.5mile was to get into Georgetown. Now, we love to walk and usually walk the whole city when we visit somewhere, but this was a bit crazy and inconvenient. You have a bus stop just across the street and a free shuttle to the metro stop (which is also 1.5 away). We also found that the bus didn't usually run in the direction we wanted to go. Although the area where the hotel is located is beautiful and suburban - I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a convenient walking hotel. But, overall it's nice and a good bargain for what you get! Pleasant stay. 
154567387	 I rarely share on Trip Advisor as I have over 20 years in the alternative travel field, but felt compelled to do so today. I recently organized an educational journey to the Nation's Capital for a Middle School from Houston, Texas with my business, Altruvistas. I chose Savoy because of their location, and their green values. However i did not know how they would manage a huge group of teenagers. We had many special requests from room arrangements, to meal plans, and even on site meetings. The staff at the Savoy was always professional withe me, yet the overall friendly and generous to the group. I feel very good about our temporary home in DC and look forward to stayi again next year! 
154522188	 You can't go wrong with the Savoy Suites. I needed an affordable hotel for one-night's stay prior to a conference in DC. Although not fond of driving in the District, found the Savoy easily, was able to check in early and enjoyed the brief stay. Friendly, helpful staff, large comfortable room, parking on-site. Took a leisurely walk down the street to Georgetown and had fun browsing in the shops, then caught a Metro bus for the ride back uphill to the hotel. I didn't sample the restaurant, but saw many folks looking like breakfast was a treat. Would definitely stay there again. 
154518233	 The location is very convenient to downtown sites. The shuttle is easy to catch. The Staff was very helpful and made my stay easy and enjoyable. The view from my window was of the Capitol and Washington monument. It is a safe fun/hot area. This hotel is not sightly from the outside but from the inside many things have been updated and now is very comparible to a 4 Star. Walkable to many delicious restaraunts! on the downside the beds were hard memory foam. No pool or spa. 
154349258	 A boutique hotel located off Embassy Row near the Naval Observatory at the edge of Georgetown. It has a dining room, two elevators, which seemed adequate except one time when a meeting left out,, free Wi-Fi, a parking garage on premises and a superior staff. Our visit started with a greeting from David who has to be the most friendly person in Washington, DC. He was at the car explaining what to do before we could get the doors open. While he was the superstar, others were not far behind. We asked a waitress about one of our meals and while she didn't have the answer, the manager she promptly brought to the table did.<br/> The free shuttle runs rom 6:30 am to 10 am with an afternoon break from 10:30 am to 4 pm, going to the local metro station (Woodley Park) and other stops. We were picked up within 10 minutes of calling. It left the hotel every 1/2 hour. The meals were very good. Breakfast is not included ($13) but we ate late and it's a good brunch if you like scrambled eggs, different meat each day, potatoes, variety of breads, muffins and bagels, fruits, yogurt, juices, coffee/tea, cereals (oatmeal on request), 
144605914	 We loved this small, stylish hotel! We stayed at the Savoy Suites Hotel while in town for a baseball game, and found the hotel was in a convenient location in a wonderful neighborhood close to great restaurants. While at the hotel we received outstanding customer service, including complimentary shuttle service to/from the subway. The Savoy Suites Hotel is a must stay the next time my husband and I are in D.C! 
144552409	 *Firstly, Savoy Suites Hotel is not an average hotel. It is like a dormitory.<br/>**Secondly, Don't prefer the Skybox Suite which is expensive than other rooms. The hot tub should not be a reason for choosing this type of room, we chose but it didn't seem like it was clean...<br/>***Thirdly, The sound comes from the refrigerator in the cabin closet. Pull the plug if you wanna have a peaceful sleep.<br/>****Finally, you can choose another hotel , don't try to choose Savoy if you don't have a special reason. 
144319540	 Hi my bf and I stayed here for a few sight seeing tours in DC. The hotel is resonable with price. Both check and and out were fast. The shuttle runs very frequent to the metro station. At the metro station we brought passes and just went on our tours at various locations. Now back to the hotel. The place is well kept, beds nice, flat screens, showers hot, ample washers and driers on site. It appears the place had been seriously updated with nothing left out. The front desk reps were helpful. Also there is a whole foods down the street and other places to eat at. Appears to be in a trendy area. Has a nice area off to the right hand side as you turn in to the hotel to sit and relax in the shade. Parking is underground. They have a bar with restaurant on site resonable prices.The next time we come to DC we plan to stay here again. We have nothing bad to report. Housekeeping staff is great hats off to you all!!! So if your looking for a nice place go to savoy suites hotel. It wasn't loud and we even had the window open to catch the breeze coming in from outside. 
144235029	 I picked this hotel for a weekend getaway for my husband and myself. I went to the site looked and the pictures and when I got there I had to take a second look. I went upstairs to my room and the elevator was out of service. They did offer someone to help take the bags but I had to go up 4 flights of stairs. I went to the bathroom and there was a roach crawling from the trash. I called my husband to come and take a look but he was right at the door ready to wash his hands from the sticky stuff that was on the remote. We had to stay one night in this place and we left the next morning. Do your research before staying here. This hotel gets 2 stars one star for the help bringing up the bags and the second star for an easy checkout 
143954843	 This hotel was, in a word, superb. The service was quick and courteous, with the staff very friendly and willing to help out in so many ways (they hailed cabs for our party on more than one occasion, provided a shuttle service to the subway station, and stored our luggage on our last day so we could sight-see without paying a late checkout fee). The room was amazing: clean, quiet, and with the most comfortable bed I have ever had the pleasure of sleeping in.<br/><br/>The location? Not necessarily ideal, as it's a ways away from public transport and from most sightseeing. But it's a lovely neighborhood, and you can always take advantage of the shuttle service to the subway. <br/><br/>Really, the only negative I can offer is that I paid a bit extra for a room with a &quot;view of the Washington Monument.&quot; It had one, but only if you climbed behind a chair and looked sideways out the window. Ah, well. The amazing bed and fantastic service made up for it! 
143939735	 We had a very good time in DC and the staff at the hotel was very accomodating. Everything was clean and I like the idea of giving you the option of changing sheets/towels or not. It's a great way to save water by not changing them out daily. If everyone is going to be honest-you certianly don't change your sheets/towels at home on a daily basis right? Great idea. 
178821923	 Savoy Suites is a terrific hotel, good service, a restaurant offering good food. The only downside is that it is a ways up Wisconsin Avenue and at peak times cabs are hard to get. If they can keep the cab wait to under five minutes, it is a great value!<br/><br/>The bathrooms are small but functional. Their shower design is quite innovative -- using a small space but making it feel larger. And I had a jacuzzi tub in the bedroom! 
178756747	 The customer service was wonderful. We ate breakfast twice and received superb service both times, especially the 2nd time. The concierge gave good info when asked specific questions but did not offer information without being prompted. Room was clean and spacious but we did not have a good view of the city! The shower did not have a shower curtain or full glass, only 1/2 glass covering. 
178751261	 Great location for access to Georgetown and its numerous bars/restaurants but a little far out from the museum/monuments area of Washington although public transport is within walking distance and will take you to that area within 30 or so minutes.<br/><br/>Staff helpful and friendly throughout our stay.<br/><br/>Hotel a little frayed around the edges in our room but nothing dramatically bad.<br/><br/>Had breakfast once and although it lacks a little variety it is still goof value. 
178748453	 Stayed here last night, my company had quite a few rooms. Service upon checking in was great, but the night receptionist needs a new job. Customer service was Nonexistant, was not helpful at all!!! Got to the point where I asked for the police to be called because I considered what was happening harassment! I'm still waiting for the manager to give me a call back about the issue, clearly it is not on his priority list to have patrons. STAY AWAYYYYYYYY!!!! 
178007203	 Me and my husband recently stayed at the Savoy Suites hotel in one of the Jacuzzi suites. The window of our room had a huge yellow stain on it obstructing what wasn't a very nice view anyway, the ceiling was cracked and had water stains and the one and only time we got to use the jacuzzi tub it blew a fuse in the room. Maintenance said the tub was broken and that we couldn't use it! For a $200+ a night I would have expected something A LOT NICER!!! I found the hotel restaurant to be pricey. Buffet breakfast was $15 a person with no other option. Upon leaving I forgot to pack some dress shirts that we had hung in the closet. We called the hotel that afternoon when we noticed. My husband spoke to a gentleman who took all our info and said they could ship the shirts to us. A week later we never received our shirts so I called the hotel again. I spoke to a woman who again took all our info and said someone would call us back. No one ever did so my husband called again!! We were finally told that there was no record of our shirts being turned in and there was nothing they could do!! The only thing good about this hotel was the location. Lots of little restaurants in the area and close to the trolley and bus stops. Would NEVER stay here again!! 
177697130	 I held 2-day meeting event at the Savoy and everything from the timing of the food to the layout of the room and technology was fantastic! Not only were the staff members eager to help, they genuinely wanted to ensure that our time was productive, as well as enjoyable. I would recommend this hotel a quick stay or for a work event. 
25253133	 We stayed at the Savoy for two nights. We were pleasantly surprised at just how nice the room was. Our view from our 8th floor window was great. We didn't realize that a whirlpool tub was included in the price, but we sure enjoyed it. Staff were very polite and very helpful. Just a small warning...the mattresses are memory foam and very hard. I slept well tho and usually don't like a hard mattress. The room was beautifully furnished. I would and am recommending this hotel to friends.<br/>One note: parking garage is horrendous. Nice having free parking and safe parking, but it's difficult getting in and out. Don't let this deterr you from staying here tho. It's worth the parking issues.<br/>Visit Morty's Deli down the street for an amazing breakfast!! 
22555549	 I recently stayed at the Savoy Suites this past weekend of December 6th. I was greeted by the front desk and everyone was really friendly. They were a big help giving me directions and recommendations for me and my family. <br/><br/>The rooms are really spacious and I was lucky to get one of the renovated rooms (they are replacing all the furniture as we speak). The beds were super comfortable and I had a great view of the Capitol! <br/><br/>The breakfast was good but they stopped serving at 11pm, that was the only drawback. We had returned from a late night out and wanted a bite to eat, but they had closed for the evening and there was no room service at that time. <br/><br/>Overall the hotel is a great value! They have free parking and free wireless internet a big plus in my book and almost impossible to find in any hotel these days. I would return on my next trip to DC. 
22505116	 I have stayed this hotel twice this year and had a different experience each time. The first time I got a room with two double beds on 7th floor. This was very nice room, new carpet and all. The good experience led me to stay again at this hotel but this time I got a single bed room with jacuzzi on the 4th floor but this time the carpet was old the paint on the wall was coming off, all-in-all a scary room. 
22114762	 The place looked promising and I found it had the billed amenities, but just about every one had a drawback. Yes, the room was above average in size and clean. It was not very quiet, and I had a room that faced Davis St., not Wisconsin Ave. Those staying on the Wisconsin side found it worse. Yes, there was free wireless, but it was unreliable and had some frustrating interuptions while working. There was a jacuzzi tub in the room, but the water temperature never got hot enough to enjoy. The temperature of the room was also difficult to control, going from too cold to too hot and I was unable to maintain the climate at a comfortable level. Yes, it is in Georgetown, but on the edge, not in the center. Not as convenient as somewhere closer to the Metro or even further down Wisconsin. Bottom line: not worth the expense, even taking into account the inflated rates of DC. 
19148703	 We had a two night stay in late July. Booked the Savoy Suites because we wanted to explore Georgetown and liked the general area. If you like to walk, it is a great location. The lobby looks elegant and I hoped that the look would carry to the room. Unfortunately, this was not the case. The room had a &quot;view&quot; of the monuments - obscured by trees. The room was very dated with scuffed furniture and stained carpet. The room was large and oddly lacking in furniture. It was large enough to support a table by the window, instead it was just empty space. <br/><br/>If you are driving, the underground lot is small and was full one night as we returned from dinner. They have an arragement with the parks and recreation lot next door, but it did not seem secure at all. <br/><br/>All in all, an OK experience but not worth the money. 
18314495	 We were very disappointed in this hotel. Day 1 we were told we could check in at 3 and didn't get into our room until 5:30. If you use a debit card, beware, the hotel puts a hold on your account for the amount of your stay and does not release it until 3 days after you check out and then they expect you to provide the amount of the hotel at checkout with those funds being held. We stayed for 2 weeks so that was quite a large amount for us. We got checked in late and then the day we went to leave we asked if we could check out an hour later than check out and they wanted to charge us 1/2 day for that extra hour. <br/>The rooms are old and not clean. <br/>The night after we left this motel we stayed in a Comfort Inn for 1/2 the price and it was MUCH nicer.<br/><br/>Hope this helps. 
227775128	 Very nice hotel. Rooms very comfortable. Everyone from the desk clerks on down were so nice. I remember, in particular, a desk clerk named Sasha (I think that's her name. She checked us out on Sunday, Sept. 7th). I just hope you won't raise the room rates so we can continue to stay here. We have family living nearby. 
227771084	 Was traveling solo so I selected based on its proximity to American University where I was working <br/>for a couple of days. I requested a handicapped accessible bath and got a spacious room with extremekly comfortable bed and bath. It was very quiet and I felt quite secure. Staff was very helpful.<br/><br/>I only ate one meal (room service lunch) . Had a Cobb salad with medallions of chicken that was tasty though they forgot to put sugar and lemon on the tray for my iced tea. Had the feeling the kitchen staff was not used to serving that beverage much. They did not supply rolls with the salad either. I didn't mind because I was counting calories but think it should have been provided. Probably could have called and asked for these things but didn't want to bother. One other thing--in my room there was nocentral light switch to turn on hall and other lights from bed so you had to manually turn on/off lamps and hall lights. 
227718950	 The hotel staff was excellent and very responsive. The room was clean, well maintained and the room service folks made sure we had all of the supplies we needed, especially Kleenex. We would stay here again without hesitation. 
227654278	 This hotel is located in a beautiful residential area of Georgetown, close to restaurants, supermarkets, but has some issues that need to be taken care urgently:<br/>We had a large 2 double bedroom with refrigerator, tea and coffee-making facilities, sitting area. In the sitting area, with a sofa and footstool, the footstool had a broken foot (cleverly disguised: we only noticed it when moving it!), so we could not use it. As there was no luggage rack either, we had no place where could open our bags!... it's a pitty that in such a large room we had to leave our bags open on the floor... The furniture in the room seemd worn out, with unvarnished edges, the carpet seemed dirty because of all the stains... Also the walls and doors had stains and drops, what indicated lack of attention to details and gave the bedroom not a nice look... The refrigerator door didn't close properly, what caused it to make lots of noise because of the extra work it had to do to keep things fresh and it even leaked water, what caused the carpet to be wet around that area! The bed mattresses were too soft and off their bases... Also the flat screen tv had a lousy, blurred image. Besides all this, the reception staff was moderately nice: they had a strange behaviour with delivering us the breakfast vouchers (we had 2 per day - we were 4 people in the bedroom). We almost had to beg for them each morning, it seemed that they were affraid we would use them together to have a single breakfast for all the 4 (and what would be the problem to do that?). 
227596728	 The staff were courteous and helpful when called upon. The room was clean enough (FYI Management, room 405's carpets could use a shampoo). <br/><br/>The location was nice but a fair way away from the major attractions (the bus was the easiest way to get around). <br/><br/>Overall a decent place to stay, I wouldn't want pay much more than I did - the parking was a rip off at $40 per night 
227541636	 Stayed here while we moved our son into American University. Room was very large.. Bed very comfortable.. forget the breakfast buffet.. not worth it.. walk down the street into Georgetown and u will find something a little more suited to ur liking im sure and more for ur money.. even if it Brugers Bagels..<br/>They offered Shuttle service from the metro , its only one Metro stop.. and its not within walking distance. they did come fairly quickly once we finally reached them which was a relief.<br/> I feel its a good place.. very conveniently located..wonderful beds.. great staff.. very kind.. you cant go wrong.. 
183432915	 We stayed at Savoy Suites during the government shutdown and we were so happy to have a beautiful room to stay in. We had a large king room at the back of the hotel with a view of the Capital building. We had a corner room and we could hear the main heating unit fan near the bathroom, but it wasn't too loud and we got used to it. The bed was extremely comfortable and the entire hotel was clean and well kept. Free WiFi was included and they also let you borrow a laptop if you needed it. The front desk staff, Asaivon, Anastasia, Ryan, and Hafiza were exceptional and went out of their way to help us find things to do and print restaurant menus or whatever we needed off of the internet. Ditmar and Carlos assisted us with our bags and we were able to keep our luggage there after check-out since we had a 5pm flight. This allowed us to go out for awhile without lugging our bags around. Kareem the shuttle driver was also great...he dropped us off at the Whole Foods market down the street so we didn't have to walk in the rain. Shuttle is early in the am and then afternoon/evening, just a phone call and he would come to pick us up at the Metro station at night. If you miss the shuttle to the metro you can get a cab or walk a couple of blocks to the bus stop, then get off at the Metro station. I would highly recommend this hotel!! 
183093800	 Book 2 nights in Savoy Suites in Grand view room. View over looking DC.<br/>Room was very large with very large comfy bed. Quite room on 7th floor at back of Hotel.<br/>Staff were very helpfull and booked us great tour around DC with pick up at Hotel.<br/>Breakfast was the best I have had in US.<br/>The Hotel is only 10 minites walk from the National Catherdral, open every day at 10.<br/>Quite a few restaurants and cafes close by, a walk down to the water front takes about 20mins<br/>or bus stops outside hotel.<br/>I felt safe to walk around the tree-lines residential area around hotel.<br/>Hotel offer shuttle bus free of charge to Metro station.<br/>I will return to the Savoy on my next visit to DC. 
183066353	 My husband and I have stayed at SS twice and found the second visit even better than the first. Our room at the back of the hotel was large, comfortable and quiet. The room was equipped with a flat screen tv, refrigerator, coffee and good lighting. Front desk staff was friendly and helpful, especially Antoineta who remembered us from our visit in the spring and was the primary reason we sought to return as guests. Rates are extremely competitive and we really like this area of Georgetown as it offers numerous restaurants as well as a grocery store. As we have family in the area we hope to be able to return to Savoy Suites for future visits. 
182724084	 This was my second stay at the Savoy Suites. For my first visit, I had a room facing the street. But after reading other reviews, I now know to ask for something at the back of the hotel. These rooms are quieter, and they have a better view. When I asked for a particular room, I was told that it was not available, but that the room next door was. I thought it was nice of the desk clerk to accommodate my request. The room was spacious, clean, quiet, comfortable, etc. Staff is polite and friendly. I like that you can operate the elevator only with a room key -- it keeps out intruders. The hotel is near the National Cathedral and the Naval Observatory in a tree-lined neighborhood in Georgetown. The hotel itself is on a busy thoroughfare, but the surrounding streets are residential and quite pretty. Several cafes and small restaurants are in walking distance, and so is a neighborhood park, a FedEx, Whole Foods, and other conveniences. There's even a historic cemetery nearby, if you're into that kind of thing. The DC Circulator shuttle bus operates close by, and they charge only a dollar to get into the central district. I was happy! The only negative is that there are no towel bars. 
182694571	 As a frequent business traveler to places large and small throughout the country, service and hospitality are very important to me when staying at a hotel. The staff at the Savoy are top notch! The location of the Savoy is not ideal if you have business downtown, but the staff at the Savoy will make you forget about that little inconvenience. The new memory foam mattresses are wonderful and the hotel is clean and well maintained. JoAnn the General Manager takes pride in the way customers are treated at the Savoy. Her hospitality staff is equally proud of making each guest feel welcome and comfortable during their stay. As a repeat customer I am greeted by name when I arrive, especially if Jordan or Sabe is on duty. Many thanks to both of your for your kind, courteous and professional services. The doormen, the wait staff, the bar staff, the maintenance staff, they are all awesome. Good service and hard work should not be overlooked. Thanks to all of you at the Savoy Suites, Washington, DC. 
182502561	 This hotel may not be the most centrally located or the most modern or glamorous, however it's customer service outshines many higher starred hotels we've stayed at. <br/>We have a 5 month old baby and the staff from start to finish were more than accommodating. On check in we were told about anything that might apply to us and our stay, including where to find a 24 hour pharmacy. There was no time wasting or telling us about things that really wouldn't apply to us. It was fast, efficient and wholly personable. <br/>I had phoned the day previously to ask if they had a microwave in the room, I was told they could put one in for us free of charge. Once we got to our room, we found a whole kitchen which was so helpful for us. It meant preparing food for our baby was more than easy. <br/>On check out day I phoned to ask if it was possible to have an extra half an hour as my baby was fast asleep, without hesitation I was told I could have an hour. It's actions like these that are so rare these days but are so appreciated. <br/>Amongst many of the lovely, friendly and helpful staff were Saba, Hafiza and Asianaron (apologies if I have spelt any names wrongly!) 
252971060	 I'm writing this review to praise the excellent job of the staff who was there for us with kindness and a smile during our hour of need. My mother was staying at the Savoy Suites while I attended a conference nearby. After dinner, our car got a flat tire and so my husband, 11 month old baby and I found ourselves in need of a ride back to our hotel. The front desk person, Ahmad was a great help to us as we decided what to do next. He helped us get a hold of Anthony, the shuttle driver who had just ended his shift. Anthony was kind enough to give us a ride to our hotel without hesitation or a second question. Even despite the fact that he'd just finished for the day, he was generous and kind to us and we both appreciated his help greatly. People like Anthony remind you that there are still generous and kind people out there willing to help you out even when it's inconvenient for them. Thanks again to Ahmad and Anthony! 
252964828	 I had a great experience with my trip, especially when I got great customer service from Ahmad and Bria. Ahmad was especially helpful with a couple things during my stay and went above and beyond expectations. This was a very cozy experience 
252963963	 Had an exceptional experience with Bria, Ahmad, and Rebecca. They were extremely professional and worked to make sure that I enjoyed my stay. I would recommend the Savoy Suites to anyone traveling to DC. You'll have a great experience! 
252960768	 This hotel has the best location hands down. And the staff is fantastic as well. Last time I stayed here the front desk operator brought me up dang near every delivery menu in the area and talked to be for a bit about the staff's favorites. This hotel is great. 
252825559	 I travel often for work and normally stay in select or full service hotels vs. boutique hotels. I have to say that the staff at this property rivals that of any hotel I have stayed in. From the moment I walked in, I was treated as a VIP and really felt welcome. Ahmad was awesome and he made this business trip seem not so much like a business trip but rather a &quot;welcome home&quot;. I highly recommend this property to anyone looking to enjoy Washington DC and looking for a great experience! 
252738444	 My stay at this hotel was a very unpleasant experience. I found the customer service at the reception area was terrible. Also there was very loud radio playing in the room next to mine, I had to call the front desk at 11pm and again at 3am. They also charge 30.00 for parking which is outrageous as you are already paying to stay there. It seems they try to get whatever they can out of you, robbing you. I will never stay here again! 
117052762	 Free parking and free internet are hard to come by in D.C. This location is perfect if you have a student at American University. It is also convenient to the National Cathedral. There is a shuttle (free) to take you to Georgetown University or the nearest metro station. There are restaurants, CVS, and a Whole Foods within walking distance. I would stay here agian. 
116966335	 I was there for one night only, but I really liked it. It was clean and nicely decorated.<br/>The bed was really comfy which is important for my bad back. The location is just great, a lot of fun places to eat and street is very lively with people walking all over the place.<br/>The parking is free and so is the internet.<br/>Got good price from Priceline.com. 
116803989	 Now that I have stayed here I have to say it was ok. The pictures seem to look a tad better than in person. The lobby is very nice and if you stay near here def reccomend goin to the national cathedral, pretty neat experience of History and religion. The hotel rooms were not as nice as they make u tink and def could use some modernizing. They were some what clean but not to my standards. For the price it was ok, although I reccomend if ur going to DC plan ahead so u can get a better rate and stay closer to the downtown and in a nicer place. ALSO they were under renovations EVERY day we were there and it was noisy on every end of the hotel. Walls see to be paper thin. If u want to sleep dont stay here until they are completely done with renovations, they start early in the morning and def no sleeping in! Arghhhhh Staff was nice, although would not stay there again. 
116753380	 My husband and I stayed for seven nights. Everyone was so helpful! Our experience with the hotel started before we arrived in DC. I talked with the manager a few times via phone and he was very helpful, I was reassured that I had chosen the perfect hotel. The shuttle drivers were a joy to talk with, as was the bartender! The beds were fantastic! The neighborhood was safe and we walked down the block to the CVS a few nights to get snacks. The only reason I didn't rate it an excellent is that it is not close to a metro station and the shuttle doesn't run 24/7. There were a number of times that it didn't run and we needed it, such as when our flight arrived. There is however, a bus stop right across the street and we were pleasantly surprised with the cleanliness of the bus lines. The same conference is back in DC two years from now and if I go, I will definitely stay at the Savoy again! 
116618456	 My stay here began very badly due to problems getting their shuttle at the Woodley Park Metro. While the hotel is only 5 minutes away from the metro, I waited 45 minutes in 90+ degree DC heat before the driver came (after three phone calls to the front desk).I think this was due to bad communication from the indifferent front desk staff to the shuttle driver. So if you are staying here, call and get the driver's cell phone number (he gives it out readily) so you can bypass the front desk and deal with their friendly driver directly. Also note that the shuttle doesn't run from about 1030am to 4pm and this hotel is FAR from the metro if you are on foot, so you'll be taking the bus during those hours.<br/>Also, beware that the internet here is really bad. At least it was in my room. Sometimes it was so slow, things would time out. Very frustrating if you are relying on this to get work done. <br/>That said, there are several things to like about this hotel. Beds are comfortable, rooms are large and have a fridge, desk is set up well (good plugs) with a good chair for computer work. Breakfast staff is very nice. Several restaurants and Whole Foods close by. 
116491374	 Pros: Clean room, bed is comfortable, staff is very friendly, nice water pressure in the shower, rooms are spacious, if you have a car- the parking is free and the garage is secure.<br/>Cons: No business/computer center in hotel (although there was free wifi, I wished I had access to a computer as I did not bring a laptop), not close to a Metro stop (I know they'll bus you out to one, but that's still inconvenient), somewhat noisy (can hear noise from other rooms as well as street noise) 
176640289	 My spouse and I have stayed here several times and continue to feel this is our best choice for a stay in DC. Rooms are clean and comfortable. Public transit is 1/2 block away, so you can forget about driving and parking in the district. Nice outdoor patio with restaurant service (try the middle eastern mezze appetizer). Affordable rooms, kitchens available. Savoy Suites is great! 
176525458	 We stayed at Savoy Suites from September 1 to September 6. Close to Georgetown, close to Metrobus stops, free shuttle to Metrorail, clean room, comfy bed, wonderful staff. What more can be said!! Would recommend Savoy to anyone. 
176157351	 it was so nice - the room was clean and very big, the bed is extremly comfortable! it was quiet and the staff was very friendly. the shuttle-service to the metro is free and very helpful. the area is perfect for shopping in georgetown and there are a lot of good restaurants near by. there is also a bike-rental-station 3 minutes from the hotel - we discovered washington and its sightseeings 2 days with this service. <br/><br/>it was a great stay, we will come back! 
175676149	 The hotel is located in great neighborhood, rooms are pretty big, light and quiet. Complimentary shuttle service is provided to take you to metro and back. There are big playground and really huge parks like Dumbarton Oaks Gardens in walking distance. 
175574006	 I've stayed at this hotel several times before and really enjoy the proximity to Georgetown and American University. The staff are very helpful, the room is very well appointed, and the breakfast is very good. The only drawback is the cost for parking, but I guess that's just DC overall. 
175451207	 Very clean room with everything needed for a pleasant stay. Located in beautiful area close to the Zoo and within a short ride to museums. Plenty of shops and restaurants around, however, early breakfast might be a problem in the area so it's worth considering booking breakfast in the hotel. 
252473813	 I can't say enough good things about the staff here: every single person I interacted with was gracious to the extreme, friendly, accommodating. Beds were soft and very comfortable. Clean. All the basics, no major frills, but I was very happy with my choice. The restaurant lacks ambiance, so I would plan to head elsewhere for meals, but there are good options just 2-3 blocks away. 
252158701	 This hotel exceeded my expectations, I would like to thank the staff for their stellar work especially the housekeeping supervisor Joanne for ensuring my stay was perfect from start to finish along with Blanca, Dora and Lizann. This hotel accommodated my every need with quick service. Thank you for making my stay the best and I will definitely be staying here in the future. 
252156124	 Katherine and Rebecca did an excellent job with our room. The rose petals and candy setup was beautiful and made the occasion that much more special. Thank you so much for your time and effort. I loved it all and was very pleased. 
252069448	 Saba in the front desk was awesome and accommodated any and every request I asked for. I will come again! The way the staff was pleasantly upbeat and high spirited when I awoke also caused an ease as I was beginning my venture. 
251655041	 After purchasing Wizards tickets for my boyfriends birthday, I decided we may as well stay for the night.. This hotel is one of the less expensive out of the DC options, but in no way do they short you of a clean room, a comfortable bed, and wonderful service. When checking in, the attendant Ahmad even upgraded our room to a beautiful suite on the top floor! He ensured us that anything we needed they would take care of. The beds have a comfortable memory foam, the bathrooms are clean and modern, and the rooms are spacious. This hotel was absolutely wonderful and for the price feels like a steal. 
251453893	 In spite of the construction outside the front entrance of the hotel, we were more than satisfied with our week long stay at this hotel. Because of the cold, we elected to eat meals at the hotel rather than venture outside. By the end of the first day, the waiter in the dining room knew us by our name and greeted us by name. We were exhibitors at a major antique show nearby and ate late. The kitchen was open with no items &quot;out&quot; even at those late hours. The room was clean and up to date. We were impressed with the free shuttle service which accommodated our late hours and with a smile. 
173358223	 I came to this hotel with a large group running for charity. The rooms had been pre-booked by the charity, with their credit card. When we went to check in, the hotel said they would be charging the cards each of us had given them for incidentals. When the executive director of the charity (the owner of the card that was supposed to be charged) arrived, he discussed with them and all was supposedly resolved. When I checked out the next morning, I verified with the desk staff that my card would not be charged, and he confirmed that they had figured it all out. Low and behold, a couple weeks later I find a charge from the hotel on my credit card! I have been trying to call the hotel and leaving messages for accounting (who never answer their phone), to no avail.<br/><br/>We went down to the bar in the evening, and they could not take credit cards, we could only charge to our rooms. There was a patio that would have been fairly nice, but something had died underneath it and the smell was overwhelming. 
172272141	 Stayed here three nights a couple of weeks ago. I did lots of research to find this place, and really felt like I had made the best choice- a lot of it based on reviews like this/TripAdvisor. I ended up making my reservations online. I first called and could not get what I wanted on the phone. The lady would not let me book a package with parking a month in advance and give me a discount for booking early. I could get a discount for booking early, but not with the parking package. She wouldn't budge, but assured me I could park in their garage for $20 a night (turns out this is billed by the day, in advance, and I got billed for 4 days parking-more on that later). I went ahead and booked with their early booking package and prepaid for my room. <br/><br/>We drove my Chevy Tahoe from Nashville to DC, because we wanted to make stops on the way in Williamsburg, and Shenandoah National Park. We were late leaving Shenadoah the night we drove on into DC, and I called ahead to tell them I was still coming, and would possibly be a few minutes past their room service cutoff, hoping we could have some food in our room when we got there. They didn't seem concerned we were running late, but couldn't help us get anything from room service to have when we got there. Perhaps I was asking too much? Red flag? Anyway, they didn't offer directions or anything, just suggested we eat somewhere on the way, and that was it- fast food drive-through in Manasas. I set my GPS, and drove straight into the hotel- it was not hard to find. <br/><br/>Check in was a little strange. Somehow, they had our reservations double-booked, but said we were getting a &quot;free upgrade&quot; which I never found out what that was, and our reservations were corrected so we would only be charged for one room. I had asked for a room with a view, and I got a view of an alley on the backside of the hotel, so still not sure what the upgrade was. The rooms aren't actually suites either, but at this point I was just happy to have a room. It was clean, the bed was decent and the bathroom was OK, so my basics were covered. My wife was going to take our luggage upstairs and I was going to park- then the fun began. I was then told I couldn't park my SUV in their garage under the hotel. their garage (at least the entrance) has a 6'2&quot; height clearance, and sure enough the Tahoe was over 6'2&quot;. &quot;So then what&quot; I asked and they had no solution. They sent me to an alley- there was no place there. They said I could park on the street, but didn't know where. Finally they said I could park in front of the hotel and it would be fine. The clerks at check-in said it would be fine and that they would take the charges for my parking the had already added to my bill off my bill. It was midnight, I was tired- I went to bed. I went down at 7:30 the next morning and there was already a whole bunch of people upset about the Tahoe parked in front of the hotel. Someone had bent my drivers side mirror, and there were no less than 6 people telling me I had to move. No one could tell me where to park. They put me three places and made me move each time- all in the course of an hour. They sort of argued amongst themselves, but never came up with a solution- except I had to move/park off the property. They told me it was safe to park at a place called Guy Mason Recreation center a block or two down the street- that the vice president lived near and the secret service watched the cars. Then they told me they had an agreement with the Guy Mason people, but I needed an identifying something from the hotel in my front window so I wouldn't be towed, then they told me I didn't need that, then I decided THEY DIDN'T KNOW, that perhaps it was no OK to park at Guy Mason, and I found my own place to park the rest of the trip- I was afraid to move my vehticle for the next three days, and did have to take public transportation everywhere the entire visit to DC, but the parking situation was frustrating to say the least, and they had no clue- no agreed upon solution. <br/><br/>Again, the room was OK- the windows opened, but the windows wouldn't shut all the way which was sometimes noisy.My view I asked for was to no where My wireless Internet worked well enough, room service was fast, the TV got lots of channels, so the room was OK. <br/><br/>The restaurant is OK- we had breakfast there every day. There is a bus stop a block away, and they will hail you a taxi if you need one. Public transportation is not so bad, but I was limited and with my parking situation afraid to relinquish my space. <br/><br/>The hotel is not bad. It was clean and appeared well cared for. It seems to be in a nice area of town, and is really not that far from anything we wanted to see or do. Except at checkout time, it was hard to tell of anyone else was even there. There were a couple of nice people there- the shuttle driver, Carlos the bellman, and a nice man who gave us directions and a bus-map. Beyond that, there was way too much indifference- poor customer service. I felt at check-in they were mocking my accent. I am from the South and I did show grace there, but what really did the customer service experience in, was at checkout when they still charged me for parking. No one cared, I questioned my bill- they wouldn't budge.They wouldn't discuss it, I had to leave so I signed for the extra charges and hiked to my Tahoe. <br/><br/>After I got home, they sent me an email/ survey, and I honestly shared pretty much this same stuff with the manager in response to his email a week ago, and got no response. I really don't think they should have charged me for the parking. Given three opportunities to correct this, they didn't. DC in general wasn't a very friendly city, so perhaps I was expecting too much from them as far as hospitality/customer service. I actually liked the hotel, and were I to go back to DC again, I wouldn't mind staying there. I have two friends going this month, and after talking to me, they are staying there (they just know what to expect). I do wish the staff had been more open about the parking limitations, had an agreed upon solution, ultimately reversed the parking charges, and would have taken the customer service up a notch. All this could have been resolved. 
171800756	 Staying here was a huge mistake. Evening manager was rude and lied about our prepaid rates being accepted. Even though we already paid he charged our card two nights full price during our stay. A wallet and $75 also went missing in the room and was never returned/found. The parking rate was also incredibly high. No pool here and the shower does not have a full door causing water to spray the bathroom floor. We were are still waiting for the billing to be reversed. It was a nightmare to see so much of our vacation money vanish during our trip. 
171770516	 This isn't in the heart of things, but it's a great value, and it's super easy to get the bus right into all the tourist sites. We used the shuttle upon our arrival and when we left, and it was great. We appreciated being up the street from Whole Foods, we ate our breakfasts there, then hopped on the bus to site see. The room was fine. Large, clean, with excellent air conditioning (very important in the summer!) and oh those tempurpedic beds! The staff was excellent and very helpful. We would stay here again when we visit D.C., and would recommend it. 
171014306	 Hi,<br/><br/>All hotel in usa liberally make blocks on credit cards. However they mentioned during your checkout the same will be reversed. It is quite a nasty practice. If they are so insecured about the billing they can make one block for stay dues and another block for any incidental expenses. <br/><br/>Further wifi was horrible. Laundry dry machine was not working. Thankfully one staff took pity on me and help me dry one part of the cloths which i had washed. One machine is permanently under service and stayed in the same manner for more than five days.<br/><br/>They charge a parking fee of 20usd per day. 
170961740	 The hotel is nice &amp; clean &amp; neat &amp; not too pricey. The location is OK, near Georgetown.We were supposed to have a suite with 2 Q beds &amp; a rollaway bed. there was no room for a rollaway. It was not a suite. It was a cramped hotel room with 2 queen beds. 
210966671	 We travelled in a group of 34 adults and children from the UK. We were nearly all sharing but this wasn't a problem as the rooms were large and we had a double bed each. The beds were exceptionally comfortable. Our room was quiet as it was over the side street. The air conditioning was a must as it was hot and humid outside. Everything was clean and the room was well equipped - it even had its own ironing board as well as an iron. In true American style there was a coffee filter machine and we didn't have teabags. However, the friendly receptionist managed to get us some for free and we adapted the machine to make a good cup of tea. We were told that you normally have to pay for teabags, which seems a bit steep when the rooms cost around $600 dollars a night. Fabulous breakfast with an unlimited buffet and lots of choice. Pleasant patio with comfortable furniture, although next to the road and not much seating. On the whole I would thoroughly recommend this hotel for comfort, cleanliness, friendly and helpful staff and great breakfast. 
210835014	 I booked the Savoy Suites via an online site....be advised on whether the site price added taxes. I knew up front that Booking.com did not add tax so my bill was a little higher upon checkout...no issues. The staff....Randy, Anastasia, Saba and Assistant Manager Mike Robinson are true professionals. They made my stay comfortable and memorable. Kindness prevails at the Savoy. Attention to patrons and helping if asked is the key I found during my stay. I found the price to be a very reasonable and you are situated between the 2 DC colleges in Georgetown (lots of college kids.) They do offer a daily breakfast but I did not use it. within walking distance is Whole Foods, CVS, FEDEX and bars and restaurants offering all kinds of food and drink. The only downside is the closest Metro station is about a mile away. They do run a shuttle but have certain operating hours which can be a problem at times. They do have a daily parking fee. 
210769056	 This is the place to stay if you travel to DC and need the Georgetown/Adams-Morgan area. The rooms are spacious and the beds very comfortable. The staff is friendly and efficient, and they make an effort to remember you, which is rare with larger or snootier hotels. This hotel is on Wisconsin Avenue (busy), but also served by the metropolitan bus. The Metro isn't close, but the hotel has a free shuttle. It's a short walk to the National Cathedral, and many little local bistros, etc. are a block away (try Dumplings and More). 
210339476	 Stayed here recently. Service was great...special mention to Anastasia, Saba and Ryan. Very helpful, professional and very nice!! Rooms were clean and comfy. Great location...quiet and convenient. I would stay here again and would highly recommend this hotel. 
210023426	 Staff were very helpful and friendly. The room was clean and tidy, overlooking Wisconsin Ave in a very nice neighborhood just a few blocks from the National Cathedral. There wasn't a nearby Metro stop, but the free shuttle had convenient hours and a very friendly driver. There are two bus stops within 2 blocks (either direction) of the hotel. My daughter and I purchased SmarTrip Cards as soon as we arrived and were able to transfer between the Metro and Bus systems with no problem. The room had a refrigerator and there was a Whole Foods and a CVS Pharmacy within 2 blocks. Only complaint is that the WiFi was not always reliable. Overall, it was a great value and I would stay here again and recommend this hotel to friends and family. 
209874401	 Loved this hotel. We stayed here for mommy/daughter weekend. Safe and quiet location. Enjoyed walk to Georgetown shopping district. Close enough to walk to National Cathedral - though we did not have time. Room was beautiful. Beds were excellent! Stayed on an upper floor on backside of hotel. We had a beautiful sunrise view of the downtown - Washington Monument, Capitol, etc. Parking was convenient.<br/><br/>One disappointment - the restaurant hours posted in the hotel and on the brochures in the rooms were not the correct operating hours. We planned to get up and have an early breakfast. Brochure said they open at 6 am. We were really looking forward to it after looking at the menu and reading the reviews. Turns out, restaurant did not open until later and so we had to find breakfast elsewhere - no where close by. They should definitely update their materials to reflect accurate operating hours. 
186084377	 Savoy at 2505 Wisconsin Ave NW Washington, DC 20007 in the Glover Park neighborhood has the worst customer service I have ever dealt with. I was mistreated and abused by the staff whose name was Antoinette. <br/><br/>I checked in a room on the 5th floor on Nov 21, 2013. The heater didn’t work. I ended up staying in a room that was a whole 50 degrees with no heater. However, the worst part was the horrible outrage and psychotic reactions that I got from the Savoy staff, Antoinette. The staff was abusive and irrational. <br/><br/>When I checked into a room with a broken heater, I waited for about an hour to see if it turned on and then made a call to the front. The staff, Antoinette, answered the phone. I asked if she could send someone over to fix the heater. She told me that the hotel never had the heater problem before and it would turn on eventually. She then told me there was no one to fix it and there was extra blanket under the TV (I later searched the room but did not see any blanket under the TV nor in the closet). I then asked to move me to a different room on the same floor. She said there was no available room on the same floor.<br/><br/>I was tired from the flight to move to a different hotel. I also had an early morning meeting next day and couldn’t afford to waste any more time. So I told the manager that I was willing to stay in the room as it was already too late in the night and just asked her to notify the manager. She refused to do this and said she would contact the maintenance instead. I explained that it would be important to communicate the heater issue with the Savoy manager. For some strange reasons the staff, Antoinette, started reacting irrationally and straight out yelled at me on top of her lungs. She yelled out her first name repeatedly and rambled on why maintenance people are same as managers. I tried to stop her rambling and yelling by interrupting but couldn’t stop her screaming over the phone. She continued yelling at me for a few minutes. I could not believe how the staff was behaving and hung up. I waited to see if she came up to my room and apologize. It never happened. <br/><br/>I could barely sleep. When I checked out early next morning, I talk to another staff and asked if there was any manager that I could talk about the night before. I got a business card of Vincent Purdie but no one made him/herself available to discuss the horrible mistreatment that I dealt with. <br/><br/>Bottom line. The heater didn’t work when it was 35 degrees outside. The staff did not respond to complaint. The staff, Antoinette, yelled at me, rambled on and screamed over the phone. After all of that horrible experience during the night I expected manger would show up to apologize or at least make him/herself available to talk, but even when I checked out no one was available nor acknowledged that issue. I opened a formal complaint on BBB about the outrageous, psychotic behavior of the staff, Antoinette. 
185721216	 My husband and I have stayed twice at the Savoy Suites Hotel, in Washington, DC. Once, in May, and once in October. Both times, we had a quiet, comfortable room with a nice view over the treetops to the US Capitol dome. On our last trip, we brought our two pugs for three nights. We found the outdoor access and ability to walk them in the adjacent residential area very convenient. The hotel staff could not have been nicer or more accommodating. The off-street parking is an added bonus. We highly recommend this hotel. 
185499689	 I want to thank the hotel staff for their utmost warm hospitality during my short stay. Mrs. Saba Woube was very kind, helpful, and very friendly. The price was reasonable and my room was clean. The breakfast was awesome. Thank you All.<br/><br/>Mehdi 
185355648	 It was no doubt one of those unfortunate situations for the hotel, but I arrived for a single night stay at 1:00 AM with a pre-paid reservation and there was no room available for me. I was told by the reception desk that there was nothing that could be done but to send me to another hotel and i was put into a cab and sent to a nearby Holiday Inn Express. I was later told by a very apologetic sales manager (via email) that they would offer me a complimentary night for future visit. I replied immediately with a thank you and said I would be back in DC a few weeks later and offered to take them up on the offer That was the last I heard from anyone at the property. No calls or subsequent emails have been returned. I forgive them for the error on check in, but not for their failure to deliver on the the customer care they offered to provide. 
185139115	 My friend and I stayed here for 1 night recently. We enjoyed our time at the Hotel. The amenities with free WiFi was great. We parked our cars. $20 for self serve parking/night which wasn't bad. The hotel is in a great area, although it's far from the closest Metro station. However, there is a shuttle service to the Woodley Park every 30 minutes. The room was comfortable and the view from the 5th floor was beautiful in the fall with a distant view of the Washington Monument. All in all we enjoyed our stay and likely visit again. 
184768512	 My husband and I attended a Road Scholar educational program housed at the Savoy Suites. We have done close to 20 of these programs which, nationally, are usually lodged at local comfortable hotels. Cannot say enough about the hospitality of the staff, especially Saba at the front desk who daily seemed genuinely delighted to see and chat with us. Anastasia was lovely too and very professional also. Our program included 3 buffet meals a day. This is where we have often been disappointed with these programs but the food was truly exceptional! For example in house made portabello stuffed ravioli!! We had a variety of choices of entrees over the 3 nites and all were excellent as were the side dishes. Proudly overseeing the meals was the restaurant manager Mustapha, another warm and cordial employee. Lastly our room was large, very attractive and exceedingly clean. This is the first time I have felt so strongly about a hotel stay that I decided to write a review for this site. We look forward to another stay sometime in the future. 
101952766	 Weekend with my daughter, priceless. The Savoy Suites just added to the experience. I was leary based on where the hotel ranked with other DC hotels on this site. If you are looking for a traditional suite with a separate living room, this is not the place. We stayed in a the grande view room, not sure the extra fee was worth the view, the room however was worth what we paid for the night. I booked the room, thinking breakfast was included, the staff changed my reservation type so it was. The breakfast was awesome. Cooked to order eggs and omlets, they cooked the waffles, you don't have to make your own! This hotel is very close ot Georgetown shoopng. The bathroom is small but the green products are wonderful. The furniture was older and not modern, but very clean. What can I say about the beds, so comfortable, I looked on line so I could buy one for home but not sure which model was in our room. This hotel was extremely quiet, we heard construction, drilling around 10a, but nothing at night, we didn't even hear other showers in the morning. There was plenty of on site parking, took some manuverability to get around in it, but we never had a time we couldn't find a decent spot.I guess if there was a bad point, the elevator is annoying because it would not let you go past the lobby without inserting your room key, this is a security feature so what could be bad about that? The other hotels in D.C. must be wonderful because this hotel should be much higher on the list!! I'm staying in this one on future visits. 
101289688	 In March, 2011 the organization that I work for held a leadership and advocacy training for 14 girls and young women from across the country who came from very difficult backgrounds. Providing a comfortable space for them was essential and a vital component to the success of the training/conference. JoAnn and her staff did an amazing job!!! They made arrangements for early check-ins, connecting rooms, helped store and keep sorted about 50+ bags successfully (smile), and were super helpful at every turn. The girls and their chaperones loved their rooms and the hotel received 5 stars on our final evaluation forms from all of our participants. We have worked with JoAnn to make arrangements for large group events in the past and always walk away more than satisfied!! Two thumbs up!!! 
101227493	 I stayed at this hotel earlier in the month and not only was the bed more comfortable than my own at home, but I must say the ladies at the desk were uber friendly and so helpful. Especially Cassandra, who helped me with directions and anything else I needed, including suggesting some restaurants in the area to dine at. She always welcomed me back to the hotel, and always, even when it was late at night, had a smile on her face. It was a pleasure to come back to. This was a business trip, but when I return for Leisure, I will certainly return to the Savoy. 
100994053	 Our program recently traveled from Austin, TX to Washington, DC on a learning expedition. It was our 1st time to bring our 11th grade students to Washington, D.C. and our trip could not have gone better, in large part due to our accommodations. From the minute we arrived, the hotel staff was prepared, flexible and accommodating. We asked several questions and favors of the hotel staff and was always answered in a professional and friendly manner. On the 3rd day of our trip, it turned cold and rainy and everyone was exhausted, but yet we were greeted at the door of the hotel that night by the staff saying, &quot;Welcome Home!&quot; Many of our students commented on that and how nice it was to &quot;come home&quot; to a nice, clean environment and one with incredibly comfortable beds! The hotel staff was very understanding of our large group of 110 11th graders. Our stay could not have been nicer and we were all very impressed. We certainly plan on using the Savoy Suites on our future trips to D.C. 
100435873	 The staff was very friendly and gave us an upgrade! We got an amazing room (with a great view of the Washington Monument) for such a great price! Since the location of the hotel is a bit removed from the metro they offer shuttle service (Mustafa is a great driver! Very friendly!) to get you to where you need to go at the time you need to be there. All in all Savoy Suites is a charming hotel with a great staff. You will love your stay! 
99662489	 I would stay at the Savoy Suites Hotel in Georgetown again just to experience the great service and friendly attention given by Hanin in the Twist bar/restaurant area. Excellent recommendations, impeccable service and a great memory for details. 
205654569	 The stay was good.....the check in process was swift, the parking great, and the room view was fabulous and comfortable. The breakfast is not a good value but adequate. The hotel is convenient to restaurants and stores. 
205358941	 We had a most enjoyable stay at the Savoy. The room was clean and comfortable. The staff was most friendly and accommodating. We were attending a funeral close by and they allowed us to leave our car parked beyond check-out time without charge so that we would not have to be worried about moving the car and finding other parking. Pretty nice. 
205339171	 We come to Washington DC once a year and typically stay at the Holiday Inn down the street. We decided to try the Savoy Suites and had a wonderful experience. I have not been to a hotel where the staff has been so friendly and caring. They were terrific. I will stay there again next time! 
205268777	 My niece lives next door to this hotel which was why we booked it. We found the hotel to be clean, comfortable &amp; conveniently located &amp; we got it at a great rate! Ryan checked us in and couldn't have been more professional and helpful. He seemed really happy to serve us!! The only other thing I'd like to mention is this hotel really needs an update. 
205265695	 The hotel is conveniently located in Grover Park. It is walking distance to restaurants and Whole Foods. The hotel is convenient for visiting American University. Ask for a room with a view and you can see all the way from the National Cathedral , past the capitol to the Washington Monument. The room was clean and comfortable.<br/>The promised Wifi, did not work well enough to use a computer.I was there for 4 days, and the problem existed every day. I would not have stayed here had I know that there would be no internet access.<br/>My parents also stayed and were unable to print boarding passes for the trip home due to lack of connectivity. I printed mine at the airport.<br/>The hotel has a shuttle. We were given a card with hours of operation. Apparently, the card is wrong. We ended up unable to get a ride back to the hotel during the times on the card. We were told that the shuttle's weekend times are correct, but the week days should have been corrected. The manager did pay for a taxi to the hotel. 
205069989	 We had a great time staying at the Savoy and touring the Capitol as well as Georgetown. The Savoy was well kept, clean, and quiet. They offer a shuttle at the beginning and ending parts of the day to the a Metro that was dependable and friendly. There are many interesting places to eat and sites to see in Georgetown that were within walking distance of the hotel. The hotel elevators require a key card to use, which was a nice additional safety feature. Bathroom had been remodeled and was clean. Coffee maker and fridge were in closet, which made it a bit more challenging to access and use, but was functional. Would definitely return and recommend to others. 
238689290	 Our stay here was perfect. Very spacious rooms, comfortable large beds, very clean! The staff are friendly when coming and going and always happy to provide advice about which places to go and how to get around. <br/>The shuttle bus service was awesome to get to the nearest metro station and the WiFi was a high speed. <br/>Any time we are in DC we will be staying here again.<br/>Special thanks to Anastasia at the front desk! 
238600460	 The savoy suites was a great hotel option in the Foggy Bottom/Glover Park and even Georgetown areas of DC.<br/><br/>I was training at a company nearby for work and was able to walk there from the hotel.<br/><br/>Lots of restaurants, wine shops and even a whole foods nearby to stock your kitchenette. <br/><br/>Everything in the hotel seems new and fresh including the guest rooms. Ample space and a comfortable bed. And the price was right, only a few $ more than much lower accommodations in the area. <br/><br/>Would definitely stay there again and recommend to friends and family. 
238081368	 We stayed at the Savoy suites for location to our son. Basic hotel, small rooms, a little worn. Staff very nice. Bed was not very comfortable. Hotel has small restaurant for sit down basic meals but no other amenities other than coffeemaker in room. Tempurpedic mattress pretty firm and noisy. Close to street and street and car noise. Not my preference. Easy location to walk to quick restaurants, bagel shops, safe area, easy to catch bus but too far to use Metro without cab or bus ride. Shuttles are infrequent and not really useful. Too far to walk to Georgetown but easy bus ride. Staff very nice. This is inexpensive hotel, no frills, small rooms, that is good if you want to be in this area. If you have a family and plan to do a lot on the Mall, use Metro, would try to stay closer. 
237868971	 Rooms were spacious and clean--a great value for the price (booked via Priceline). Quiet, safe neighborhood with good restaurant selections within walking distance. Staff was very friendly and helpful. If you're in the city for site-seeing though, this hotel is 1 1/2 miles from nearest metro stop. 
237746994	 We chose this property because of the proximity to a special event on Sunday night. It is in a residential neighborhood, so we could park on the street for free that day. Staff was very friendly and courteous. King bed was very comfortable. I used the complementary coffee maker in the room. We would be happy to stay there again. 
237412859	 I used to really like this hotel. I would stay here a few times a year and always found it convenient for my work and the staff friendly and efficient.<br/><br/>On my most recent stay I was sorry to see that standards have slipped. When I first started staying at this hotel parking was free. Now one has to pay for parking, and I think this is a great loss. <br/><br/>The decor in the rooms is stating to look a little tired, and in my room 406 the wifi signal was non-existent. This us unacceptable when I am in the city for work. I stayed in the hotel in April, and it was a similar problem with guests having to hang out in the lobby in order to work. The staff at the time assured us that they were resolving the problem. However, six months on the lack of wifi signal in some of the bedrooms is still clearly an issue.<br/><br/>The staff in the hotel, many of whom I recognise from staying here several times over the years, don't seem to have customer service as a priority any more. It doesn't feel like a happy place, and when you call down to make a request it is ignored. For example, I called down to let the front desk staff know that I would be coming down to the lobby at 9am to collect a package that had been delivered and asked that it could be ready for me. I was assured that this was ok. When I arrived at the lobby at 9am the package was not ready and I had to wait whilst it was retrieved from a back room. <br/><br/>My colleagues, who I was travelling with, and whom I recommended the hotel to, had similar problems with wifi (trying to move bedrooms for better access), and surly service. We travel as a group of 6 and so bring a lot of revenue to this hotel at least twice a year. Next time we visit Washington DC we won't be staying at the Savoy Suites and will be sourcing a new hotel to stay at. 
151603827	 Hello<br/>To people that want to visit Washington, D.C. You should stay at the savoy suites.<br/>This was my 4th time staying at this hotel .<br/>I mostly like a lot about this hotel is the shuttle system they have and the driver,<br/>Every day at 6:30 am I find him waiting for me to take me to gtown hospital, because he knows I was ill, he helps me get in into the van, one day I felt so bad about him because of one man that wanted him to take him first to the metro, the driver explain to the man that he goes first to the hospital than to the metro,the man started to use bad language that's where I jumped in and told the man to respect the driver,he was doing just was he was told and he was following the roles.<br/>Those kind of people should take a taxi if they are in hurry.but ............<br/>Any how,<br/><br/>The resturant was ok<br/>The gym I wish I can use it but I heard it was nice.<br/>Over all the hotel is the best.<br/>Thank you savoy suites and see you next month.<br/> 
151429667	 The staff at the hotel were very nice. The hotel is really close to Georgetown, and Dupont area, neighborhoods that i like. I like to hang out in clubs and good restaurants, so is also close to Adams Morgan and U street. Few block from Washington National cathedral and also the Metro. Walking distance from Starbusck, Whole Food Supermarket and a good place to eat BBQ. I woul reccomend this hotel to anyone because is very affordable and comfortable 
151395361	 The good:<br/>Although it is a bit far from any city center, it is located on a quiet area of DC.<br/>There are no public transports near the hotel. Nonetheless, if you're into bicycles, there is a Capital Share bicycle station 300 meters from the hotel (I highly recommend it).<br/>Room had all the facilities you would expect.<br/>Breakfast was nice, although it would be nice to have more variety of fruits and cooked food.<br/><br/>The bad:<br/>This is one of those cases where a single employee can ruin the whole experience.<br/>The shuttle driver is the most unpleasant and rude person I even encountered on a hotel staff. Moreover, its driving is a real hazard for everyone: arguing with other drivers, driving through &quot;private passage, do not enter&quot; passages to avoid traffic lights, over speeding in residential areas, etc. I hope the hotel administration replaces him fast, for the sake of their hosts.<br/>The only time I called him for picking me up, he started to argue with because I wasn't able to explain him thouroughly where I was. His tone way out of line for talking with a customer. And instead of helping customers to get their luggage on the bus, he starts mumbling and cursing when he sees customers in trouble to get on the shuttle bus.<br/><br/>Gladly there are other employees such as Vince, which compensate the driver's attitude.<br/><br/>Room cleaning staff did pay much attention to details: they basically made my bed, but on some days they left some dishes unwashed and did no replenish the shower items (shampoo, shower gel, etc). 
150775796	 What a refreshing thing it was to find this little gem in DC. <br/>Close to great restaurants ( try the Indian and the Japanese restaurants just down the road!) a Whole Foods grocery, drug store and convenient bus stops close by take you into the city right to the Capitol or White House for $1.80 - a 20 min. ride.Georgetown, with great shopping, is 5 min bus ride away.<br/><br/>We felt very safe in this area to walk by day or night and the free, secure, underground parking was a welcome bonus. Staff very helpful!<br/><br/>If we ever come back to DC, this is the place we'll stay. 
150452294	 I chose this hotel based on the tripadvisor reviews. The room looked fairly clean on first glance, until I saw the larvae near the bed...<br/>They gave me a full refund, though, which was very professional. 
150431537	 Who could know that in the midst of the capitol there are quiet areas in DC? In the middle of this area, I stayed in Savoy Suites. I was extremely satisfied with the ambience, decor, and the staff in this hotel. The price was very reasonable! It was roughly 15-20 minutes away from the heart of DC. Take into consideration that I stayed during the Inauguration so travel time was a little more lengthy due to road closures for the weekend. The hotel staff were extremely friendly and very helpful. I mentioned that I am considering living in DC and they provided me with a plethora of information. I also loved that the hotel was eco-friendly. When I walked in our room, I was taken away by the view of the city! Amazing view. I will definitely stay in this hotel again. I must give a special thanks to Mr. Vince who assisted us upon checking in. If you want to enjoy the city without staying &quot;in&quot; the city, Savoy Suites would be the destination. :-) 
157362796	 Don't be fooled by the name Savoy Suites. This makes you believe that you have a large room with some nice amenities. That is not true because it was an average size room with old furnishings, faded carpeting, a noisy air conditioner, a very clean bed with a nice mattress and a remodeled bathroom with a strange glass shower door with no door. The hotel was very quiet, and it was extremely well located in Glover Park where there are inexpensive eateries, a nice Whole Foods and the Metrobus (32 &amp; 36 lines) to take you to Georgetown, the Metro or into town. Our parking was free because it came with our Road Scholar Program fees. This was nice because we could also use the car for a side trip to the National Cathedral which is about 7 blocks away.<br/><br/>I would say that this hotel is good for a one or two night stay at the right price because of its excellent location. The lobby and the downstairs was clean and relatively new and bright. It was a shame that the guest room was not as nicely decorated or as modern. For those who stay longer, there is a laundry facility in the basement. This comes in handy if you want to travel light and not take lots of clothing with you. 
157320382	 My husband and I stayed at this hotel for five days while visiting Washington D.C. We had a very nice room on the eight floor with a view of downtown D.C. with the Washington Monument, and Capitol in the background. The room was very clean and nicely appointed with beautiful furniture and a large flat screen TV. I loved the tempurpedic mattress? The staff was friendly and accommodating. We requested a microwave for our room and it was brought up immediately. We also noticed that there was no luggage rack in the room and asked for one which taken care of right away. We had breakfast there every morning which consisted of a buffet with a varied assortment of fruits, pastries, scrambled eggs, bacon or sausage, hash, juices etc. They offered omelets upon request one day and wish that would have been available every day. The only complaint was a malfunctioning toaster that needs to be replaced as it couldn't heat a piece of bread no matter how long you waited.<br/>We ordered room service twice and the service was good and the food delicious.<br/>Overall our experience was very good and we would definitely return. 
157121393	 Savoy Suites is classy, beautiful, clean, and has excellent customer service. Mini fridge is in the room. A microwave will be delivered to your room if you request it. In walking distance of the Vice President's house, National Cathedral, and Georgetown's shopping district. We walked to Starbuck's, Bruegger's bagels, or Whole Foods for breakfast each morning. A shuttle driver will take you to the Woodley Park Zoo Metro stop in the morning and he will pick you up from there when you call him. Also, 2 Metro bus lines run by the hotel that will deliver you to anywhere in DC. The same card you use on the Metro works to pay the $1.80 bus fare. This is a wonderful hotel! 
157113104	 Having just concluded a trip to D.C. during spring break, my husband and I have no intention of returning to The Savoy. As others have reported on TripAdvisor, rooms are indeed spacious, clean and decently appointed. But that’s about as far as we can go. <br/>Just before we were to arrive for a five-night stay, we noticed online that the same room was 40 percent cheaper than it was when we booked four months ago. We called the hotel but the manager explained there was nothing he could do. We then called Booking.com and they were able to negotiate the lower rate for us -- literally, a savings of hundreds of dollars. That first experience was a portent for generally lackluster service.<br/>Located just north of Georgetown in the Glover Park area, the Savoy isn’t within walking distance of the Metro. The hotel does offer a shuttle to the subway but it runs only every half hour. Our first evening, we happened to get off one Metro stop away from the shuttle pickup spot (we were misinformed by a hotel staff member) and the hotel refused to go the extra mile -- literally, just a mile -- forcing us to take a taxi at our expense. Even after we made a point of it, no one at the front desk budged. There was no offer of reimbursement or even something like a complimentary breakfast. That’s just not how a classy hotel behaves.<br/>In terms of the facilities overall, the hotel is pretty austere. The room lacked a thermostat to control the heat, forcing us to turn it on or off throughout the night. There’s no workout room, but the Savoy has an arrangement with a fitness center about three blocks away – not exceptionally convenient to reach in 38-degree weather. The in-room menu isn’t up to date; any number of items (e.g., espresso) can’t be had. The in-room refrigerator froze a number of items (I’m referring to the refrigerator, not the freezer compartment). The breakfast – which checks in $25/couple – isn’t on par with the free breakfast you might find at a Residence Inn or an Embassy Suites. (We chose to brown bag it.) Internet service was spotty; indeed, having had to work from the room during one day during our stay, the hotel couldn’t keep the connection alive for much more than 10 minutes at a time. <br/>D.C. is a marvelous city with a wealth of options for accommodations. The moral may be that you get what you pay for (as long as you don’t accept the first price they quote you). 
156362791	 My fiancee and I booked a King suite a month ago. When we went to check in, they put us in a 2 Queen room When I mentioned our reservation, they stated &quot;Well, we filled up&quot;<br/><br/>My fiancee was suffering a severe allergy attack, and I cold not figure out why until the next morning I looked at the ceiling over the bed, and saw black mold. I brought this immediately to the attention of the front desk, and we were moved to a , you guessed it, King room.<br/><br/>The manager, Vince, stated he would &quot;review our bill&quot;. I have no idea if he did, as all that happened was I was charged an additional $10 for parking the next day.<br/><br/>I would review &quot;Twist&quot;, their in-house restaurant here in detail, but instead feel free to look it up on Yelp. (Hint: They managed to under or overcook EVERYTHING.) 
156316033	 The Savoy Suites was listed as an alternative conference hotel when the main hotel filled up. My three travel partners and I booked a room without much research (something I'm hesitant to do), but it worked out nicely for us. Before our early morning flight, I called and asked if we could check in early, and the hotel allowed us to do so (10 a.m. instead of 3 p.m.--definitely a big help). The room was nice and clean, and the memory foam beds were divine. Just north of the Georgetown area, there were many restaurant options nearby. We only took issue with a few things. One, the walls are thin (old building) so we could hear everything our loud neighbors said when they were in the room (lucky, not very often). Two, getting to and from the hotel can be difficult. There are no airport shuttles provided by the hotel, so transportation can get pricey if one doesn't know how to navigate the Metro system. The shuttle that the hotel did offer to the nearest Metro stop had odd hours (it didn't run from 10:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.), and that made planning a must. Knowing these things ahead of time would have been nice, but it didn't cause too much of an issue for us. 
212261347	 We received very good treatment during our stay at Savoy Suites Hotel. The staff were helpful and patient with us. The shuttle to the Metro stop is efficient and accessible resulting in effortless travel.<br/>We so enjoyed the stay we will definitely return. <br/>Particular thanks to manager Simon. <br/> 
211827558	 This was a four night visit and I have stayed at Savoy before. This hotel is just blocks from my family so I chose it for location but it is also very comfortable and clean. The beds and bedding is great, staff is always cheerful and accommodating. I do agree with a prior review about the stained chair in the corner of the room, did not use it! Also, the hallways need to be updated or carpet changed since there is a musty, moldy smell at certain places. Otherwise the place is just great for me. 
211592326	 The room was nice. The bathroom was very clean. My husband loved the flat screen tv and we both enjoyed sleeping on the Tempur pedic mattress. My only complaint was the horrible dirty looking chair in the corner. It really detracted from the room and there was no way I was sitting on it. We ate mainly in the hotel restaurant but it was a bit pricey and the food was only so-so. The gentleman at the desk was very pleasant when we arrived and made us feel welcome. I was so fortunate to have purchased this stay on a groupon and parking was included. We would stay here again. 
211415521	 We spent four nights at the Savoy Suites while in DC for a conference and really enjoyed it. It's a little far from downtown, but our conference was right nearby so it worked out really well for us. Service was fantastic and they have a shuttle which can help you get the metro and a few other places nearby to help you get around DC. 
211333039	 I liked the area where the hotel is. Lots going on and plenty of places to eat and drink. The hotel was fine, just a typical hotel. The staff were really friendly and took time to tell me about the area and help me with buses. Basically the staff made the experience for me. Otherwise there's nothing special about the hotel. 
211293942	 Very clean rooms and well equipped kitchenettes. Also the Beds are very comfortable! Cable &amp; wifi not so great. Location is good with a few good restaurants close by down Wisconsin Ave. Very close to Universities and National Zoo and National Cathedral. Enjoyed our stay overall. 
237336707	 Excellent accommodation and best overall value compared to surrounding hotels. Overall experience was regarding facility location to business center . In addition, the surrounding attractions, shopping and restaurant experiences were awesome. Finally, the professional staff, service personnel, and facility perks such as fitness center and complimentary shuttle bus to the metro areas were excellent. 
237023151	 i love the room i stayed in! this hotel was a great choice i picked. the staff were very friendly. they made sure my friends and i were fine. i enjoyed the tempur-pedic beds. they were so soft and comfortable. i wanted to sleep in it all day but my friends wanted to tour around museums. The room had a nice kitchen,and awesome hd television. the room felt like a built in mini-house with everything you need in it. Next time i will come here more often when i can. this is an amazing hotel with excellent service. 
237009137	 I enjoyed myself a lot! there was great high speed wireless Internet access,In-room coffee makers,full service kitchens, and more! I had to work a lot on my laptop and I had no issues with the Wi-Fi. the the staff was very friendly. especially Rebecca she made sure I was very comfortable, made sure I got into my room and helped me out with the room. She was a great help because I haven't been in Georgetown for a while so I have forgotten a lot about Georgetown. Overall this hotel is the best one I have been to in DC. 
235756350	 This is nice hotel with comfortable rooms, very good quality beds and a great view (from my room anyway).<br/>The hotel is in a good location for embassies and lots of restaurants. <br/>The staff were exceedingly friendly and helpful. The lunch and breakfast was good. The only thing is you have to pay $30 for parking which seems a little mean if you're a hotel guest, otherwise they probably would have got 5*. 
235231147	 We really enjoyed our recent stay at this hotel. The location is excellent ... plenty of good urban walks in the neighborhood, and easy access to urban woods and Georgetown shopping/restaurants. The staff were incredibly friendly, and the room was very nice. The property is &quot;pet friendly&quot;, which can sometimes be problematic, but there was no evidence in sight (or smell) of any previous pets. 
235019966	 I stayed here 21 years ago and enjoyed it again this time.The staff were very friendly and my room was lovely,loved the Jacuzzi. The restaurant in hotel was very good,had 3 great meals and again friendly staff. 
251352982	 Found a great deal for the Savoy Suites Hotel on Wisconsin Avenue. When I checked in the staff was super friendly! The hotel itself was very clean and my room was surprising. I had a great view of the National Mall and bars and restaurants were only a short walk away. If you want the five star treatment for a working person's budget. The Savoy Suites Hotel is a great choice! 
251339977	 I was very impressed by this Savoy Suites in DC. The room was nice and very clean. I was immediately greeted by Ahmad at the front desk who was very helpful. He assisted me in finding transportation to my interview the next day and was able to answer all of my questions. Amazing customer service!!! 
251196379	 It was around 30 minutes drive from Washington DC airport. The money was worth, the room was pretty big and arrangements were good. The location was really good - calm and quiet. <br/><br/>It's good to have walks down the street. 
251178927	 Ahmad was very helpful and very knowledgeable about the area and the restaurant, he was right on !!! Had a great time.Ahmad helped us <br/> With the parking that saved us money.Thanks Ahmad see you In April .<br/><br/><br/><br/> 
251153898	 In the DC area looking at colleges (with my daughter, i graduated a while ago) and used an app to book a room at the Savoy Suites. Ahmed, the gentleman at the front desk, was accommodating and gracious, automatically surmising our need for a double occupancy room and making it happen without a word from me. Our room was spacious and attractive with memory foam mattresses (higher quality that those I have at home). If my daughter ends up going to school in DC then I will most certainly return, and if she does not I may find an excuse for my wife and I to stay at the Savoy Suites anyway. 
251100310	 Very comfortable hotel boutique on Wisconsin Ave, located close to boutique stores and all necessary amenities. Service was impeccable, beds are cozy Tempur pedic, guaranteeing the most profound sleep! The restaurant also offers good options for breakfast, lunch and dinner. 
250920092	 Location is okay.<br/>Construction going on with all the noise that follows. <br/>Very low water pressure in the shower. Impossible to take a decent shower. <br/>Impossible to open windows in the room.<br/>$30 fee for parking. 
250891284	 Sun- filled comfortable boutique-like hotel in a calm pretty location with friendly and helpful staff. Rooms are delightful and the whole ambience feels designed for a personal experience rather than the often bland US city stay. 
250849890	 After having to cancel our reservations at a different location, the smiles of the friendly staff at the Savoy Suites was a welcome change of pace! The Savoy accommodated our last minute reservations at an unbelievably reasonable rate! The room was incredibly comfortable, and clean, and the location of the Savoy Suites was perfect! Convenient to everything, the Savoy will be our choice of places to stay when we travel to DC! 
250836981	 We have spent four or five nights at the Savoy Suites each january for several years. It is comfortable, relaxing and very convenient. <br/>The parking is easy. The staff is nice and the restaurant is better than you might expect.<br/>We would strongly recommend this hotel. 
250385011	 From the second I walked in Ahmad made sure that my stay would be perfect. The room was amazing with an awesome view and in my opinion Ahmad is the best hotel employee I have ever encountered! Best hotel iv ever been too! 
250268893	 Checked in and was greeted by Rebecca &amp; Ahmad - two rock stars at the front desk. They were so nice and friendly - very welcoming! The hotel is under renovation on the outside but you couldn't tell in the inside. Reasonably priced, parking available and free-wifi (yay for free wifi!). Came here for work and thought I was dreading this trip (DC is probably my least favorite place in the world), I couldn't be more pleased, esp thanks to that front desk team. What a place! #ThanksRebeccaAndAhmad 
224157720	 This hotel is a little hidden jewel. I must say I was skeptical because of the economical pricing but I could not have been more pleased with what I found. I did my research and read numerous Trip Advisor reviews beforehand. The staff was extremely courteous and I would like to include Asia, Saba and Hafiza in that accolade. There was another gentlemen whose name I did not catch but he also helped with luggage and most accommodating. The food served in the restaurant was delicious and due to our travel schedule we ate both dinner and then an early breakfast. The rooms were spacious and clean. Quite exciting to have onsite parking in DC. I would most definitely recommend this hidden gem. 
224024181	 We had a great time! The service was perfect with a smile on every staff member. Near most of the attractions and they have a shuttle. If you prefer to take a cab it's a 20$' ride(including tip) to go to the White house. We were 5 and they didn't charge the extra bed in the room. The only deception was the price vs quality of their breakfast buffet (not include in the room charges: 14.95 $ + taxes/adult, 5.95 $ + taxes per children under 10.) 
223955226	 Excellent staff, helpful &amp; courteous, especially SABA &amp; Hafiza. Saba was our &quot;go to &amp; advisor lady&quot; she assisted us with transportation, all enquiries, arrange getting us on a tour to DC. The room was very clean, pillows very comfy, Wifi working and great cable channels. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others and will return for another stay. Very family oriented. Thanks SABA &amp; the other staff for making our stay a very pleasant one. 
223826986	 The service people are so nice and friendly, and our room was quite large for the price. The neighborhood is quite and seemingly safe, although not very close to many of the tourist attractions. What a great value for your money. I highly recommend this hotel. 
223589408	 Extremely nice, helpful and courteous staff. Room was clean and updated, beds were comfortable, convenient onsite parking. Accommodated us in every way possible during our short stay. We would stay here again if in the DC area. Smooth sailing while staying here. 
223227306	 The staff was very helpful. We were able to park the car and take bus downtown DC without any problems. We enjoyed the area for dinner and cocktails. The place is abit outdated but it makes up for it in charm. 
248129837	 Clean, nice, friendly staff and helpful. I liked having a mini frdge, microwave, and stove top in the room. The beds were comfortable. <br/>The heating system is old and noisy, but we did not need it most of the time, so it was OK.<br/>We enjoyed our stay there which was during a meeting I had at DC, a shuttle bus took us to the train station, also any place nearby.<br/>I would stay there again. 
248051713	 Stayed for 2 nights before New Year's Eve and highly recommend it to everyone who goes to DC. It was our anniversary so we indicated that when we booked the hotel, so when we arrived there our room was full of rose petals, ferrero rocher and a bottle of wine and a vase of pink roses. The smell of roses was all over in the air. It was a very pleasant surprise. Hotel was very clean, the ladies from the reception were very helpful and we even got a 50% discount for parking the car in the hotel's garage and instead of 30$/night we only payed 15$/night. Too bad they don't have a breakfast buffet, but the hotel is located near a Whole Foods market so you can take whatever you need from there. Also, the nearest metro station is pretty far from the hotel (approx.2 miles) so you will have to take the bus to the metro station. But if you are travelling with your car, that shouldn't bother you. We will definetly come back to Savoy. 
247836137	 I and my wife have just returned from a fabulous 5 night stay at the Savoy Suites, Georgetown.<br/>We checked in around 5 in the afternoon on Christmas day and it was very quick without any delay. As it was Christmas day we were concerned that nothing would be open. Bria on the front desk recommended Old Europe which was the only restaurant open along Wisconsin Avenue. Old Europe was happy to accommodate two weary travellers. We thoroughly enjoyed our meal of Zweibel steak, and was served in a traditional and authentic German surrounding with lovely hospitable staff.<br/><br/>Our room was very commodious with plenty of storage space. The bed was gigantic and very comfy. In addition the room was kept immaculately clean by the housekeeping team.<br/>Although we did not take advantage of the Twist restaurant, the in room restaurant menu looked very appetising and was reasonable priced.<br/><br/>We did make the most of the complimentary shuttle service. Our driver’s Anthony and Issam were lovely chaps and were happy to recommend places of interest to visit. We made sure we had their number so that we could arrange a pick up once we had finished our sightseeing. Our daily drop off stop was Woodley Park metro station which was a few minutes drive from the hotel. We found the metro station easy to use and it was very efficient. We paid for an all-day metro pass which covered all zones and cost $14.<br/><br/>Woodley Park has a good array of bars and restaurants on offer. Whilst we waited for our shuttle pick up we ventured into the Egyptian Bistro that was next door to McDonalds. We had a delicious cheese burger and fries for $5 which was washed down with several bud lites and strawberry margaritas at $3 a pop. They also sold $3 martinis.<br/><br/>The staff on the front desk were all lovely and friendly. As we were going to the basketball and football games that were on over the festive period, they recommended the best modes of transport for getting to these events. We used the metro to get to both the Verizon Arena and the FedEx Field stadium.<br/><br/>On an evening we headed down to Wisconsin Avenue which was plentiful in bars and restaurants. There is a Wells Fargo bank opposite the hotel in addition to a CVS pharmacy which is only a short walk away. There is also a liquor store on Wisconsin Avenue should you wish to stock up on the beer.<br/><br/>Overall we thoroughly enjoyed our stay here; we will definitely return if we visit Washington D.C in the near future. A big thanks again to Katherine, Rebecca, Anthony, Issam, Ahmad, Bria, Saba and Hafiza for making our stay extra fab. 
247277291	 My family and I stayed here the week after Christmas. The highlight of our stay were the Tempurpedic beds, which were very comfortable. Beyond that, there's little else positive to say. <br/><br/>The hotel rooms were in dire need of updating and just didn't seem clean. The carpet was stained, the furniture is very worn and the walls looked dirty. There was mold in the grout of the tile in the showers. There was a long black hair on my towel. Beyond that, the room was poorly laid out with the heating unit blowing directly onto the beds. <br/><br/>As for the staff, the gentleman who checked us in was quite nice. However, the woman who checked us out was rather rude and would not provide me receipt of my room, because I booked it online. <br/><br/>I would recommend staying else where. There are too many other good options in the DC area. This hotel is not worth the money. 
246917241	 The hotel doesn't look that impressive from the outside, but I was very pleased with the inside. I had a Jacuzzi Room that looked out toward the Washington Monument. Front desk staff and floor staff were very pleasant and efficient. This is a 'Green' hotel and it has fantastic bath soap.<br/><br/>The gym downstairs was sufficient for a good workout, and an added plus is that it has a Trainer during morning hours.<br/><br/>The hotel bar (open til 11PM) is relaxing and has a pleasant bartender.<br/><br/>The only drawback was breakfast ($16). It offered a below standard buffet with a minimal selection. Most motels along the highways offer a better breakfast - for Free. Runny scrambled eggs (only eggs available), Cold coffee, no pancakes or waffles. There are numerous restaurants within 2-blocks that offer better food at a cheaper price.<br/><br/>The location is great. The hotel has Walking Maps available, which takes you by sites. Also, it is on Wisconsin Ave, which leads to great boutique shopping and eateries in Georgetown. Fun, fun, fun. 
246729132	 My family (2 adults + two kids) and I used to live in DC and went back for an overnight during the Christmas break to see friends. We got a great rate--cheap enough that we sprang for 2 adjoining rooms rather than our customary, money-saving one room. Our check in went smoothly and we were pleased with the rooms. Rooms were spacious with 2 queen beds and an easy chair for reading. We paid $30 for 1 night of self parking in the underground garage, but wi fi was free and speedy. The bathroom was small, but well designed and extremely clean. There were plenty of pillows and the temperature was adjustable. We asked for a quiet room and got it. My husband and kids thought the beds were hard, but it was fine with me. <br/><br/>The location was perfect for us because we were seeing friends in upper northwest DC. There is a Whole Foods market nearby and a variety of restaurants to choose from. The hotel has a restaurant and bar onsite but we did not eat there. If you are in town to sightsee, I'd leave the car parked (or not even bring a car) and take the free shuttle to Woodley Park metro. It's easiest to get around by metro and foot in DC if you are going to museums. The free shuttle also goes to Georgetown University and American University. It's a long walk to Georgetown, but an easy bus or taxi ride. <br/><br/>Glover Park is a residential area with a main street of shops and restaurants. It's not in the heart of the business district or tourist attractions but really will give you a feel for what DC is like. 
181839928	 We have stayed at this hotel now many times over the past two years. Never disappointed. Rooms are immaculate, service is impeccable, staff is always friendly and helpful and location is very convenient to many DC area destinations. Just wish they had a loyalty program. 
181598692	 My sister and I spent a week at this hotel before and during a Road Scholar foreign service information trip. All staff were very helpful, but one front desk staff in particular, Saba Woube, was exceptional. During constant rain and the government shutdown, she went out of her way to secure tour vouchers, call cabs, give directions and in general be there for us with all our questions. 
181033309	 This was my second stay at the Savoy Suites and I enjoyed this visit as much, if not more so than my first visit. The Savoy is located in a lovely section of Washington, DC, adjacent to Embassy Row. My room was comfortable and serene, affording a restful stay. The staff was friendly and helpful. As I let them know that I observe the Sabbath, they were completely gracious as they accommodated my needs. Kudos to Ryan and Abey and their staff at the front desk for going out of their way to be helpful and enhance my Sabbath observance. I look forward to returning again and highly recommend the Savoy. 
180998907	 After being overbooked and rudely turned away at the Embassy Row Hotel, we were given the option of staying at the Savoy Suites by Booking.com. When we arrived there, we met by Vince, from the front desk, whom made us feel right at home. A great guy. He was kind enough to present the rooms at once and provide many, many tips on the city and its whereabouts, almost a guide.<br/><br/>Although the rooms really need some updating, they are quite spacious and the double beds really fit a couple well. The room was equipped with a mini-kitchen, with utensils, dishes, a microwave and a sink that fits well the needs of a small family.<br/><br/>The hotel is located on Georgetown, a beautiful upscale residential neighborhood, with nearby dining options (on the expensive side, though) and with a CVS pharmacy nearby, for your medication (and food!) needs.<br/><br/>Although there's no subway stations nearby there's a bus stop and also a transfer service to the subway, but on a very limited schedule.<br/><br/>There is self-service parking on the premises, although charged separately.<br/><br/>The only downside is the wi-fi (free) signal coverage, should be improved. 
180910833	 Stayed at the hotel during our visit to DC. It is a lovely property conveniently located near to all the places of visit. the room was excellent, the bed was very comfortable..room was spacious.. the staff were very courteous.. would like to point out the services of Ms.Anastisia in the front desk especially.. the hotel is very placed near to lot of eatery joints down the road.. and close to the M Street which is the shopping destination 
180595368	 From the fact that I return every year (despite the wide choice of hotels in Washington, DC) it will be crystal clear that I am very satisfied guest.<br/>This year, I had an amazing room with panoramic views of the city - the room also featuring a large red jacuzzi!<br/>As always, the staff are consistently friendly and helpful; it is rare, in my extensive experience of staying in hotels, always to be greeted each time one comes back from a day exploring the many delights of the city - often, with one's name being used. Housekeeping staff always greet you, when passing in the corridor. This is behaviour more normally found in 5* hotels.<br/>Many of the staff have been there for many years; Saba, Antoineta and Abey are amongst the long-serving staff, and they are truly delighful individuals.<br/>The hotel is immaculately clean. The beds are huge and super-comfortable. It is very peaceful at night.<br/>Although the hotel is not in the most central position, the neighbourhood is very pleasant, with a good choice of restaurants. The frequent bus service stops very close to the hotel. I have always found it to be a very safe area.<br/>The excellent Whole Foods Market (supermarket) is about 3 minutes walk away for an array of very high quality hot and cold take-away buffet items, as well as everything else you would expect in a supermarket.<br/>The access at no charge to the Washington Sports Club (about 4 minutes walk from the hotel) is another bonus of staying at the Savoy Suites.<br/>Last but not least, the wifi is excellent - and at no charge.<br/>The price of staying at the hotel has gone up and up and up over the years, but despite that...<br/>I am, of course, planning to make a 21st visit to the hotel, next year! 
190768653	 Convenient, clean, comfortable- nice to come back to..It's not fancy, it's not plain- it's got a good TV, good bathroom, temperpedic beds which I found very comfortable. The front desk staff was very helpful. The only difficulty was making a reservation over the phone- it's incredibly difficult to contact a reservation person. 
190744227	 I stayed on a business trip for five days. The Hotel and its staff, front desk and cleaners were all friendly, cheerful and eager to help out.<br/><br/>The room was spacious and well cleaned. Most importantly for a Business trip the wifi service was perfect. <br/><br/>There were some excellent restaurants and eateries nearby. Transport into town was easy by cab and buses ran regularly down to Foggy Bottom. <br/><br/>Definite recommendation. 
190531374	 Great place to stay. The staff was great. Always called cabs for us food at the hotel was good. Rooms are pretty close to a 10. Beds are great bathrooms are good. It's a 4 star hotel for a cheap prices. Manager Brian was awesome. We left our camera behind and they shipped it to us.<br/>The only thing is that I would like to be closer to the monuments. But overall great hotel, staff, and rooms. 
190371787	 I am a frequent traveler for business into DC area and this is the first time staying in Georgetown. I found the Savoy's website and found it to be very easy to us. Hotel is nestled in great area of Georgetown near all amenities. The front desk was helpful in providing assistance for a number of logistic needs that I had in the area. Dinner and buffet breakfast was very good. Room was clean and bed was awesome. Overall great stay in a perfect location 
190223126	 The hotel was a perfect place to get away from the downtown DC area and get something less touristy and quieter without having to go real far. Its in Georgetown in a really fun, trendy area. You can easily walk to Starbucks, Whole Foods and several good local restaurants and shops. <br/>Check in was fast and very friendly. The room was very large with a very comfy bed. Washroom was spotless and worked well. Parking is on site with a fee, but it is extremely secure which is great when you are on a road trip like we were, no fear about our car at night. <br/>NOTE: if you stay here, you will have to take some kind of transit or drive about 15 min to the capitol sites and museums. I was told it was about a 10 min walk to the transit, but didn't try as it was freezing when we were there. <br/>Overall, I definitely recommend staying here. 
189849331	 I visit the DC area about 5 - 6 times per year, for just a night or two each time. I always stay at the Savoy Suites as it is very close to my office. The rooms are very nice, beds are very comfortable, and the staff are very friendly and accommodating.<br/><br/>I highly recommend the Savoy Suites for your next DC trip. 
128235278	 By Far this hotel served its purpose. It was professional, polite and polished. The rooms are spacious and clean. Ask for the special view and you will be amazed. Management was very responsive and professional. I would highly recommend this hotel for business travelers. 
128127584	 Home away from home!! Very comfortable rooms, nice dining experience and great location. A totally wonderful experience!!!! 
128086785	 I've traveled to D.C. many times over the past 60 years because I have family in the area. We've stayed at more hotels than I can remember and this is the only place that warranted a repeat visit. I've stayed at more expensive hotels in D.C. and have always been disappointed to the extent that I wouldn't return. The Savoy Suites are clean, the staff is accomodating, the location is great, and parking is free and safe. It's not the Ritz but for the price it's a fantastic value. 
128022577	 My 2 teenage daughters and I stayed at the Savoy during spring break. We arrived late due to traffic and could not get last minute restaurant reservations near Kennedy Center where we had tickets to see a play. Tiffany from the front desk suggested we eat at the hotel restaurant called Twist. What a pleasant surprise! The food was better then we anticipated. The buffet breakfast was very good as well which was included in a package we used with our reservations <br/><br/>The room was spacious with a great view of the National Monument; the beds were very comfy. The Hotel recommended taking their shuttle to the Metro station which worked out great allowing us to tour the museums and memorials. I never needed to use my car once we parked in their free garage. We walked to Georgetown which took about 15 minutes and took a cab back which was less then $10.<br/> <br/>On the day we left we packed everything into the car leaving it in the garage and checked out so we could continue touring. We got back hours later when my daughter realized she did not have her laptop. Of course she was in a state of panic and so was I. We went to the Front Desk where Tiffany once again helped us, allowing us to go back to our room to search for it. It turned out while cleaning the room the maid found it and turned it in. I was very impressed with their level of honesty.<br/><br/>I would definitely recommend staying at the Savoy, I know we plan to when we return! 
128019722	 Savoy Suites is fantastic! Great location, great service, and great value. Rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. The restaurant is top-notch. The people who work here will make you feel right at home. Tiffany is a front desk super-star, and Hanin is one of the best bartenders in DC. If you are planning to be in the area, you would be silly to stay anywhere else. 
127893040	 Certainly we found nothing to complain about (thought the memory foam bed was not to our taste) but while everything was good there is nothing to make this hotel stand out.<br/><br/>Free parking in DC is a big plus and makes this hotel a real bargain for anyone driving to DC. <br/><br/>Well situated, but about 1 1/2 mile, from the heart of Georgetown (we walked but bus is also a good option).<br/><br/>But if you are going to DC for the attractions around the mall it is not easy to get there from this hotel.. 
219511431	 Wonderful, boutique hotel centrally located with easy accessibility to both Metro train and bus lines. <br/><br/>We were all pleased with the price, which was great value for the Metro Washington, DC area. Highly recommend it for adult visitors. There's not a pool, so children could be bored. Great high speed internet, so access to FB and e-mail is perfect. 
219350859	 Stayed here for a family event in Georgetown. Location was great - walking distance to shops (Whole Foods is 5 mins away), cafes etc. Shuttle on the 1/2 hour to Metro station (too far to walk) Rooms were spacious, clean and well appointed. Lots of outlets for plugging in phone/ipad etc. Decent quality toiletries provided, plus fridge in room. Furnishings in the rooms were a bit dated but bed was very comfortable and linens great. Parking is $30 per night. There is a restaurant/bar, which we did not use, so unable to comment. Staff were very pleasant. Definitely recommend. 
219333830	 This was a treat to stay 2 nights since I've always lived close enough to DC for day trips. I found the Savoy through Groupon. This was my first experience checking in to a hotel with a Groupon and I was worried on how well it would be received. The staff seemed delighted, found my reservation right away! Very quick, easy and off to the room we went!<br/>The rooms are spacious so I'm not sure why the fridge is in the closet..but at least there's a fridge! The beds are very comfortable and plenty of pillows! The shower was cool, I've never seen one with half a door before! Great water pressure and plenty of hot water. WiFi signal was fine. If there's another hotel update in the future, I would recommend more electrical outlets. It was fine for us but I couldn't imagine if I'd been traveling with my children! We'd all be fighting for &quot;wall time&quot;! <br/>Others complained about an A/C unit that runs all night? Where are they staying that I haven't because that's the norm especially in the humidity of NOVA and DC. We sleep with white noise like that at home so that didn't bother us at all. I actually find it more distracting when the unit at home turns on!<br/>All of the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful. They would call the shuttle, give us Metro maps, laugh at our jokes. I think I liked it best that everyone acknowledged us, welcomed us, looked us in the eye. <br/>Free shuttle service was very convenient and we walked when it was too late for the shuttle our 2nd night. Close to restaurants, grocery stores and Metro station is about a 2 mi walk if you're so inclined! (It's a slight incline on the way back to the hotel until you reach Wisconsin Ave for anyone who actually wants/has to do this!)<br/>I would definitely stay again and recommend! (Probably not without the Groupon though, it was a great deal!) 
219163775	 Great room, great staff, and the hotel is in a great location. There is a hotel shuttle to get to the metro station, and the hotel is near many restaurants. The beds are the best i have ever experienced while traveling, so comfortable. The staff is very helpful with explaining the attractions and how to get from place to place, including how to catch buses, trains and where attractions are located. The hotel does not have a pool but with all DC has to offer, the lack of a pool ended up not being an issue. Great wifi too. I would stay at the Savoy again and highly recommend it to others looking for a Washington DC vacation. 
219138467	 When I won the Savoy Suites via Hotwire for a steal of a price, I was a bit apprehensive when I read some of the TripAdvisor reviews afterwards. Fortunately, my personal experience turned out to have only one negative aspect - the non-existent WiFi signal in the room I was given - and that was rectified the next morning when I requested and received a room change that solved the problem immediately. Otherwise, I enjoyed the Savoy Suites immensely: the bed was comfortable and the air conditioner was efficient, the furniture and rugs were all in good shape, the bathrooms were recently upgraded, the daily housekeeping was flawless, and the refrigerator was handy for chilling water bottles; room also had a toaster and a microwave. The neighborhood has a wide variety of dining options, both formal and casual, and maneuvering the bus system is easy to figure out after a bit, I did take advantage of the shuttle once, which was also efficient (have to say I forgot about it most mornings). <br/><br/>The staff is uniformly excellent, Asiavon (who verified my Wifi signal problem with her own iPhone and attempted to rectify the situation by restarting the routers), Anastasia and Saba, who cheerfully assisted me with the room change and who welcomed me “back” each afternoon after the day’s sightseeing activities, Ryan, who helped the last night with printing boarding passes - and whoever else whose names I don’t remember - provide absolutely top rank customer service. Have to say the breakfast is a little pricey, but there are cheaper alternatives in the neighborhood, and the one dinner I had @ Twist was very tasty (and hats off to the bartender for mixing a fine pair of gin and tonics.<br/><br/>Glad I stayed there and would stay there again. 
219131807	 The hotel is in a good location and is in walking distance of several local and chain restaurants. The hotel is clean and the beds are very comfortable for a hotel. Free shuttle to the Metro and free WIFI are definite perks. Saba at the front desk was friendly and helpful providing information about getting around town via bus and metro system. 
201483976	 We spent 2 nights at Savoy Suites Hotel in DC last week to celebrate our 45th Anniversary. I wrote an incorrect request asking for a balcony room, which is not available at this hotel. The manager at the check-in desk upgraded us to a room on the 7th floor with a view of the Capitol. She also sent a bottle of wine to our room as a gift for our anniversary. She gave us recommendations on how to travel to central DC on the public bus for $1.60 per trip. Our room was spacious and very clean and comfortable. We will likely use this hotel again for a trip to DC. 
201462552	 We just returned from a five-night stay at the Savoy Suites. Our King room was spacious with a very comfortable bed, the breakfast buffet (which was included in our rate) satisfied our needs with fresh fruit, juice, coffee, yogurt, eggs, potatoes, a different meat every day, breads, bagels, sweet rolls and cereals, and the staff (especially Ryan and India) were very helpful.<br/>The hotel is on the edge of Georgetown in a beautiful neighborhood and it’s about a 25-minute downhill walk into the heart of the Georgetown area with shopping and restaurants.<br/><br/>The only “negatives” – the location is not near a metro although the hotel does have a shuttle at certain times of the day which will take you to the metro. Also, the pressure in the shower could have been stronger and there was one day when our coffee service had not been cleaned/replaced.<br/><br/>For the price/value we’d highly recommend this hotel. 
201430700	 We stayed here for our first trip to dc on our anniversary and it was amazing! The customer service is excellent recommending restaurants and helping with maps and directions getting around dc! The bed was most comfortable bed I have ever sleep in and everything was clean and pristine! The shuttle takes you to the nearest metro and back! It overall was awesome! 
201340172	 We've stayed 4 nights during the Cherry Blossom Festival. Room was large with a view of the city far away. 706 on the 7th floor. Shower pressure was non existing. Coffe tray was not cleaned from leftovers all the time of our stay. Staff personnel were not welcoming except for one guy at reception. Bad Wi Fi connection all days. Too far from center Georgetown and it's all up and down a steep hill. Bed was great with hard mattresses. 
201330184	 We spent 4 nights at the Savoy Suites while touring Washington during the Cherry Blossom Festival. The room was extremely clean and the bed was the most comfortable we have ever experienced in a hotel. Two things make this hotel great: 1)The staff. They are outstanding ! ! They are extremely helpful and friendly and make you feel very welcome from the time you step in the door. Savoy has a free shuttle to the Metro and the driver was very responsive when called. He does an excellent job. 2) The location. It's two blocks from the National Cathedral, on a bus line that runs every 10 minutes to downtown D.C., with stores and restaurants within easy walking distance. It is a very safe area as well. They have a lower level secure parking garage too. We will definitely stay here again! 
201309374	 Lovely hotel, with a delicious breakfast buffet., rooms large and very clean. Staff is very attentive to your needs, I would def return.<br/>Bus service across the street, for easy transportation at a great price, $ 1.80 a trip<br/>In house restaurant so so, but lots of places for lunch and dinner in the area 
168614388	 The location of this hotel was excellent! On Wisconsin Avenue, it is not in walking distance of downtown DC and there are no metro stations nearby...admittedly not a good start BU... the 32 and 36 bus go right past the hotel stopping just down the street, they run every 20 minutes and it's only $1.80 a trip taking 10-15 mins to get to the centre. The bus also goes down M street in Georgetown which is also worth with nice buildings, plenty of designer shops as well as bars and restaurants. The hotel offer a shuttle service to a nearby metro station, but with the bus available it wasn't necessary for us.<br/><br/>It is in the Glover park area, and there are several good bars and restaurants within a 5 minute walk of the hotel where we had a great night with very reasonably priced food and drinks and it does get lively on a Friday/Saturday night with bars open late.<br/><br/>The hotel room was large and clean however the air con is extremely dated and noisy. It is not possible to have the air con on and sleep, however we did not find the room got too warm, just make sure you put the air con on before you head out so it's nice and cool when you return.<br/><br/>The lobby area was nice, and the staff were extremely helpful and welcoming.<br/><br/>Would definitely stay here again, you get to experience a more local part of DC at local prices, but with very easy access 
168588182	 Visited the Savoy-Suites for the very first time and things went wrong from the beginning, maybe it was just because we expected to much. But, the hotel manager named Vince came to the rescue and helped us tremendously! He accommodated us, by giving us excellent service and travel advice around the area of Georgetown and he was very knowledgeable, he provided service that he did not have too and we appreciated it. Vince has a superb team that tries very hard, but the short falls are; that some speak little English and is not that much of help.<br/><br/>The night manager was excellent as well and knowledgeable of the area.... Bottom line is, because of Vince and the night manager; I would visit hotel again. Georgetown is very safe and I felt very comfortable to be outside at night time there. Hotel has a shuttle van, if you want to venture out in the DC area. I am sold, because of Vince and the night manager (I forgot her name).<br/><br/>Things that they need to work on; is their gym. It caters to guest that pay for a trainer which is $20.00 per person and the gym opens up later than the time posted and close before the time posted. But, I was still able to use, just felt a little awkward and again, staff needs to work on communication skills with hotel guest. 
168239589	 Our room was outdated...not that nice, but comfy beds and a ok bathroom. Our A/C made a lot of noise. And we almost didn't fit our rental car...cause it was a big SUV. But we came very late and we didn't book a room a head. With every fee it wasn't that cheap...but a ok stay. 
167942124	 I selected this hotel for three reasons. It does not charge a pet fee. It has very reasonable overnight parking in a garage on the property. I was staying for 4 nights so wanted a mini kitchen. I was happy on all counts. First, for pet owners this is a great option. The hotel is very close to the Naval Observatory so you can just walk your pet out into the neighborhood behind the hotel and down to the sidewalk with grassy area along the observatory fence. Lots of bicyclers, joggers, police monitoring the observatory, and a nice kid's playground so it feels very safe. (Would be good for families with young children who wish to take their kids to the park/playground). The overnight parking was easy and $20 dollars a night. The garage is secured by a door so no one can get in or out unless they are hotel guests. There is an elevator so you can just take your bags directly up to your room. The kitchen area was perfect for storing drinks, microwaving leftovers, and for preparing pet meals. The hotel rooms and hallways were about a 3.5 which is why I am grading the hotel a 4. The hallways are painted battleship grey which is rather depressing for a hotel. The beds are comfy and we slept well (although one night our next door neighbors were in and out of there rooms about 25 times in the middle of the night so the door kept opening and closing/ so not entirely sound proof) The linens and furnishings are average but certainly very appropriate for the cost of the room. The view was overlooking the street so nothing special there. The hotel staff ranged from very professional and friendly to okay. We ate at the restaurant several times because there are not a huge range of restaurant options within walking distance. This actually proved to be very convenient and good. The restaurant staff were very gracious and always welcomed us back. The food was quite tasty and reasonable and the restaurant is bright and well maintained. It is also open most the day and evening so we didn't have to plan around the hotel. We just ate when we were hungry which is good for us as we often eat at strange hours. Taxis into the city were reasonable about $12-15 dollars. The hotel also has a shuttle to the Metro at Woodley Park Zoo if you prefer that option. Overall, this hotel is great if you aren't looking for a 5 star and it is a tremendous value in DC. I would stay again, especially if my pet was coming along. 
167838077	 We would definitely stay here again if in that area. The shuttle driver was very nice &amp; would take us to the Metro station. We also had a rental car and used their parking garage. The garage is small so a large car would be a bit of a challenge to park but the parking fee is less then most other DC hotels and we had a spot every time. <br/><br/>The room was very humid but it was clean and the beds are TemperPedic which was VERY comfortable. The room needs a bit of updating but it did not bother us at all. We had a small refrigerator and our daughter's room had a small microwave, refrigerator &amp; some dishes too. The shower is a bit odd in that it essentially has half a door so could be a bit drafty feeling but the water pressure was good &amp; the water was hot so this is a minor complaint. <br/><br/>The value is excellent and I do not hesitate to recommend this property. 
167772163	 We were visiting Washington, D.C. For a week and wanted a nice room with a really good bed to rest in after a day of touring. We found that at the Savoy. It is situated in beautiful Georgetown. The room was very nice and the bed with a tempurpedic mattress was wonderful. The only drawback was the room .configuration which was a little odd, but did find the room quite large. We did not experience the other amenities because of being out all day and enjoying many of the wonderful DC restaurants. We did park the car for the week as driving around DC is difficult. There is a bus available outside the hotel, but we decided to cab. A cab ride to the National Mall is approximately $20 one way. We did feel we had a great value as we booked through Orbitz Travel and got a terrific Hotel Deal. 
116263687	 The location is great for being in DC without being crushed by traffic. you are within a nice walk to M street in Georgetown, and yet close to the cathedral and the zoo. the hotel has been recently renovated and has a pleasant, not overdone feel about it. the bathrooms are well designed and have room for your items. small things like excellent soaps and towels are taken care of, but over the top. the room A/C was very efficient and of course the Temrapedic mattress was a great benefit. <br/><br/>we arrived very late and the staff person at check in couldn't have been friendlier or or more helpful. the parking being included in the room rate is a welcome touch - even if the garage is very tight.<br/><br/>we have stayed in other DC hotels and this one rates high because of the balance between comfort and accessibility. even on a Saturday night you can come and go without being stuck in traffic! 
116186705	 The hotel is very nice with huge rooms, large bathrooms, nice dining, and the greatest staff I've ever seen in a hotel! They met every challenge with flying colors. Room had 2 queen Tempur Pedic beds, Samsung TV, great decor and was VERY comfortable. bathroom had two shower heads--one on a flex line, and had lots of maneuver room.<br/>Location is safest in DC and very convenient to sightseeing venues.<br/>The staff was the highlight even with all the amenities. 
116171246	 The check in process was easy and quick. The decor of the Savoy can be described as old school chic. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was standard and complete with the usual conveniences. My only complaint is the inadequate clear half shower door which leads to the bathroom floor getting wet each time you use the shower. THAT CLEAR HALF DOOR REALLY NEEDS TO BE REPLACED WITH A FULL SIZE OPAQUE DOOR. We loved the in room jacuzzi for obvious reasons. The Savoy is located in Georgetown which is a charming neighborhood, if you enjoy walking and shopping you will love Georgetown. Fortunately you can find a variety of places to eat within walking distance; we found the breakfast at the hotel to be inadequate and bland. I would strongly consider staying their again however it would only be in the jacuzzi room. 
116077951	 We did not know what to expect but choose the hotel based on the recommendation from AAA and a good price. The hotel is close to the National Zoo and within walking distance of the National Cathedral. It turned out great, the location is a nice mix of stores, restaurants, and apartment buildings and there were always people walking around on the street. I felt safe walking down to the small grocery alone. There are also parks in both directions on the street. The hotel staff was great and having a free parking garage is a big plus in D.C.; most hotels charge for parking. There were no problems with the room, everything was clean and well maintained. We used the free shuttle several times to get back and forth to the Metro stop, or you can take a bus which passes the hotel frequently (even on Sunday). The room was fairly large and we didn't hear any noise from the street or other rooms, except when our neighbors went in or out and slammed their door shut. Some rooms have kitchens but we didn't have that type, Our room only had a shower, no bathtub, but we rarely take baths anyway and it was nice to have a large roomy shower stall instead (its not a small square one.) Be prepared to wait for the shuttle, sometimes it filled up before we got on, and then allow time to actually get down the long escalators and wait for your subway train to arrive. We had no problems with the Savoy and I would definitely stay there again. Especially recommended if you are doing business at the National Cathedral or Russian Embassy, both very close on the same street. 
115970804	 My husband and I went to D.C. to see the cherry blossoms in bloom. We took the train in so I had wanted to stay closer to the train station, but the prices were outrageous ( around $500/night). This hotel was a short cab ride away in the classy Georgetown area of D.C. for less that $200/night. The room was elegant for the money and even had a memory foam matress. I was also pleased that you can borrow a laptop from the front desk to check your email as I didn't want to take mine along. There were several places in walking distance to have dinner, although we were tired and chose to have food delivered to the hotel. And one more plus was a delicious complimentary buffet breakfast including eggs, bacon and the works. I plan to stay here again when I return to the city. 
115900110	 Savoy Suites Hotel was a great location in Georgetown. The rooms were nice, the beds were amazing, and the service was great. It's located on Wisconsin Street in the northern part of Georgetown. It's about a half a mile from the Washington Cathedral. There are great little restaurants within walking distance, including Z Burger (which has some of the best grilled hamburgers), Surfside Restaurant, and a great BBQ restaurant (which has the best BBQ I've ever had, and I'm from the South). There is also a Giant Food (their local grocery chain) about a mile away from the hotel. There is also a Whole Foods within walking distance. The Twist Restaurant located in the hotel was great. The only bad thing is that the hotel is not close to a metro stop. They offer a shuttle that will take you to the metro but it only runs between 6:30 to 10:30 am and 4 to 10 p.m. So there is a 5 1/2 hour gap in the middle of the day in which is doesn't run. It wasn't that much of a problem in that we were out sightseeing all day and didn't really return during the middle of the day, but it can be a problem for families who want to come back to relax, you'll have to take a taxi. There was a shuttle driver named Abdul who was really nice and personable. He made our trip more enjoyable. The rates are good for the hotel. We paid around $800 for a week's stay, not bad. One of the best things is that there is a parking garage. We drove there and most places don't have parking, but this hotel did for free and it was great. If I were to go back to D.C., I would definately want to return there. 
135204765	 We stayed at the Savoy Suites for 3 nights in Mid July. This boutique hotel was fantastic. We arrived early &amp; were in our room in no time at all. The front desk ladies were so nice &amp; friendly. As a matter of fact, every employee we engaged with were so nice and helpful. Our room (2 queen beds w/ kitchenette) was spotless. The bathroom was also immaculate. The free parking on site was perfect for us also. Loved the location of the hotel. What a nice area away from the busy Washington areas. We were able to easily drive to all of the places we were visiting which included the museums, Capitol Building &amp; White House. Loved the Whole Foods &amp; 24 hr CVS down the street. On our last morning we took advantage of the buffet breakfast offered. It was very convenient &amp; affordable. We will definitely be staying at the Savoy Suites Washington DC in the future. I have to say, this was one of the friendliest hotels we've stayed at in a long time. Congrats to the wonderful staff! 
135182124	 We selected this hotel because it is close to our daughter's apartment and because parking (in the underground garage) was included in the rate. The rooms are spacious (ours had two queen beds), clean and well appointed. Refrigerator was an overlooked bonus. Shower offered high pressure and plenty of hot water. I'm a runner and there are lots of route options (including park trails) in the vicinity. Staff was pleasant and helpful. We were able to check out at 11:00 and leave our car in the garage until 4:00. 
135146183	 as part of my company contract which has it's employees stay weekly at this hotel, I stayed in july, room 420 and woke up at 0500 with bite marks all over my body. Not just a small batch but serious clusters down my legs, all over one thigh and all over both arms and areas of my chest. These were serious enough that after day 2 I contemplated seeing a doctor due to the severe (severe) reaction I was having. When I showed the pharmacist, she was horrified. The morning I came down to check out the clerk Antoninette and Tiffany were extremely defensive. I had a coworker standing next to me when Antoniette didn't really care to see the bite marks that were incredibly obvious but instead the first thing she said was &quot;this COULD have been something else&quot;. Tiffany followed with &quot;we don't have beds! (we're both thinking she means bed bugs) but she repeated 3 times &quot;we don't have beds!&quot; and finally after my coworker looked at her like she was insane, she further explained &quot;we have tempurpedics so they can't get bed bugs&quot; (seriously?..what about the bed frame, carpets, linens?) Three days later I had to stay at the hotel per our company contract and spoke to the manager Vince who listened without reaction and the explained they had been informed about the room, visually checked it and had the exterminator come out and fumigate it. When I asked for a copy or to see the report he said it was &quot;at the corporate office and would not be released to view&quot;.. I also told Vince I didn't appreciate the diagnosis of the staff or any imput at all, I reported a room and didn't need a barrage of defensive and in the case of Tiffany, aggressive comments to me personally. I would like to know, first of all, why would the front desk staff be SO defensive if all I was doing was reporting the room? Why, if a person stays there on a weekly basis wouldn't they want to put the guests mind at ease and let them read the report? Personally, I do not believe the room was fumigated but it would have been smart to allow me that reassurance. After telling this story to another coworker just last night (I am again staying in the hotel) I was told by that coworker that he was asked twice by a employee of this savoy to go on a particular website and give a good review. When he didn't do it the first time he was asked the following week. I have to wonder then how many of this &quot;this is so clean, so wonderful&quot; reviews are legit? I can not begin to tell you how absolutely horrifying these bites are. This incident happened on the 17th and it's now the 23rd and they are still completely visible after I have been lathering on Cortisone. I look like a 12 year old kid with the worse case of acne but it's all over my arms and legs. I have also been told by 2 coworkers that they have seen several men with a large machine going into a room and when asked what they were doing, one time they called it &quot;vent&quot; work...possibly but I would not recommend this hotel after I have been staying in hotels for the past 26 years 8-10 times per month and this is the first time this has happened and last year on trip advisor this hotel was noted for bed bugs. I do now question the reliability of the positive reviews after speaking to my coworker last nice who was asked to right good reviews. 
135002623	 Loved it! I was there over the fourth of july and it was amazing. First of all FREE PARKING! Last time we went to DC, we paid something like $50 a day to park! We had a great view and were able to see the fireworks from our room which was an added surprize. Amazingly polite staff, from the reservation clerk who was extremely sweet, to the hotel staff. When the front desk was busy with check ins, there was a dark haired girl who came out of an office and asked if there was anyone with questions that she could help. She told us which bus to take to the white house and gave us suggestions for restaurants. Even the cleaning crew was polite, always smiling and saying hello. If we return to DC we will be sure to return to this hotel. 
134993237	 We stayed at Savoy Suites for two nights in july 2012. The room was big and looks better than any picture can tell. Everything was very clean, the bed was great and the staff very helpfull. Very reasonable prices and on the 4th of july they offered a free shuttlebus to Washington downtown. Beside the hotel is an outdoor lounge where you can rest after a long day in the city. 
134989098	 The Savoy, while immaculate and reasonably maintained, is a little dated in terms of furnishings and appliances. In-room lighting too is a small issue. Too, there is no pool or exercise facility on site, though the hotel provides passes to a nearby club.<br/>Nonetheless, the entire staff on duty during our visit, from front desk personnel to housekeeping to maintenance to restaurant workers to the great bartender, was extraordinary.<br/>The location is a stretch from the major attractions, but there is a regular shuttle to the Metro and parking is free with unlimited in/out privileges.<br/>For a quiet, comfortable, fairly priced, and very friendly refuge, this is a good choice. 
221451314	 We recently stayed at the Savoy Suites in Washington, DC. Wonderful all around. Location was perfect. Very close to Georgetown. Just a short walk down the hill. Staff was very friendly, inviting and accommodating. Thank you especially to the front desk Ryan, Simon and Hajiza. We will definately be staying at this hotel again. Room was very comfortable. Everything was clean and well appointed. 
221374471	 We were on a brief stay in D.C. for the weekend and needed a fairly priced hotel in a good neighborhood. The rooms were modern, neat, and clean. The beds were very comfortable and the staff was excellent. The shuttle ride to the metro allowed easy access to all the D.C. sites near the national mall. I would definitely stay here again and Simon and Hafiza were wonderful to work with! 
221249104	 We had a lovely double queen bed room with great views over washington dc. The room was of good size, quality bathroom amenties, free wifi, free parking, morning newspaper, multiple digital tv channels and office desk, seperate chair/table area. We were very happy with our stay. Local area has good restaurants and a free shuttle to the local metro makes travel easy. Would recommend this hotel. 
220764411	 We were expecting a pretty limited experience at the price we paid for the rooms (we booked two). We were completely wrong. The hotel is a 10 minute drive to the Mall. The rooms are huge and the comfort level is luxury. I'd have liked to stay longer but we were on a road trip South. There are several restaurants within walking distance.We went to a really great Indian Restaurant 5 minutes walk away.<br/><br/>The rooms were large the staff friendly and the service excellent. This was an unexpected treat and one I would highly recommend.<br/><br/>The parking was $30 per night and there is plenty of street parking so I would consider street parking next time. <br/><br/><br/><br/>I would recommend walking down the street for breakfast just because it's Georgetown and about as quanit and exclectic as it gets. 
220750991	 We stayed 3 nights at this hotel. The hotel was very nice with a good breakfast selection ( not included in price) . The rooms were spacious and clean. But what impressed us the most was the very friendly staff. They made our stay very enjoyable. Were well looked after by Simon, Saba and Hafiza. Ask Simon to do his English accent! And video it!!!!!!<br/><br/>There is parking under the hotel but check if you have that included in your price as you may get charged extra. The hotel runs a FREE shuttle service to the Metro station which runs every half an hour but only until 8:30 PM. 
220570409	 We went to Washington DC for a family vacation (our family of two adults, two children, 13 and 11 and grandpa) last july, we had a great time and the hotel was just perfect for what we have planned.<br/>We rented a room with kitchenette and another one, and was very useful, rooms are not new, but are clean and nice, and also spacious, bathrooms are small but comfortable with all amenities needed. The kitchenette was perfect for having late night snacks, or some quick breakfasts.<br/>Savoy Suites is located in Georgetown, not at the busy part (that is located down Winsconsin in a 20 min walk or 3 min bus ride), but close to cathedral, even though there is no metro station close, the hotel has a shuttle service to the closest station (which we didn´t use more) and also buses 32 and 36 that have stop across the street take you right to the attractions downtown and to museums at the mall. Also there is a hop on hop off stop at cathedral, that we used to get on going on the tour the first day.<br/>Also in a walking distance from the hotel there are some nice restaurants (the italian Arcuri is delicious), a CVS pharmacy, a Whole Foods market, which was great for us, and a Safeway supermarket, so you can grab goodies for picnic or have a nice breakfast on the way very easily.<br/>Visiting Washington was a great family experience, is a beautiful city, very friendly for children and families, there are so many things to do and see, almost all for free.<br/>I recommend this hotel, beds are very comfortable, hotel size is perfect doesn´t feel crowded, very safe, and also has a laundry station next to the gym on the ground floor, which was very useful for our stay of ten days.<br/>I would go back to Washington in three or four years, once all the smithsonian renovations and new museum are all done, and of course would stay again at Savoy. 
125702027	 Savoy Suites on Wisconsin was a very pleasant surprise! Most comfortable bed I have ever slept in (I even searched for the brand name of the mattress and happily saw it is one I can buy for myself), the bathroom was perfect with top toilet and shower fixtures, plenty of closet space, very spacious room. Available also are suites with a kitchenette with Whole Foods a block away. For a small added fee, breakfast was perfect and service was kind and considerate, although some had problem with the English language, a bit of sign language and a word or two in Spanish worked very well. Everyone on staff throughout the hotel was pleasant and welcoming.<br/><br/>Location is a 10-minute walk from the National Cathedral, buses and taxis are plentiful if you want to see museums and other attractions. The hotels offers a van service for those visiting colleges and universities and there are plenty of restaurants and shops all along Wisconsin Avenue. Embassy Row is nearby. 
125687138	 Newly renovated suite hotel in the heart of stores and restaurants. TemperPedic beds are the best. 
125504624	 I booked this hotel for an international group of 40 speakers my organization had invited to a 2-day conference at the Washington College of Law. JoAnn responded promptly to my initial enquiry and we soon agreed on prices and conditions. I greatly appreciated her patience and flexibility on the rooming lists. What made up our mind to choose this hotel was the offer of the use of the shuttle service to take our guests to and from the conference. This proved to be an excellent solution - Mike and his drivers could not have been more helpful and very flexible in response to our changing schedules. The free wifi was also appreciated by all of us as well as the general friendliness and helpfulness of the staff. All of our guests seemed very pleased with the accommodation - we did receive one complaint about a non-functioning heater but this seemed to be an isolated incident. All in all, it was a very successful stay and we would not hesitate to book this hotel again. 
125159775	 Spent President's Day weekend at the Savoy Suites while visiting family. The location was perfect for us-- walking distance to family's apartment and all the shops in Georgetown, including the Whole Foods store. I booked an on-line no refund rate of $83/ night with no cost for parking. The hotel has a nice small bar area and an excellent breakfast buffet for $11.95 each-- pastries, breads, eggs, bacon, waffles, omelets made to order. The rooms provide the basics- comfortable bed, updated bath (great shower), and free wi-fi. The staff was very helpful and courteous at the front desk, the bar and the restaurant. This was the perfect spot to fit our needs-- will be back when in DC. 
125103502	 Booked this hotel for a visit to American University. The price was outstanding for the area, the room was immaculate, and the staff was cordial and helpful. I have nothing bad to say about it. They had a shuttle that took us down to Georgetown and picked us up when we were ready to return. This hotel almost has the feel of a small town inn, with all the amenities of a larger hotel. The free parking was great - the only slightly negative remark I would have is that the parking garage is very tight, but hey, it's free parking in D.C.! 
125018172	 I stay at the Savoy on busines regularly while in the DC area and have nothing but positive experiences. <br/>The staff is knowledgable and friendly, the recent upgrades to the rooms are top quality, and the location is great.<br/>The only negative is lack of proximity to the Metro but the hotel provides a courtesy van.<br/>I'd certainly recommend this hotel for everyone. 
119789702	 Extremely friendly, helpful staff. Wonderful beds! Would definitely stay here again. 
119689383	 There are some giants better observed while they are sleeping: teething toddlers and wild tigers, are two which immediately come to mind. After our trip to D.C., this city has been added to this list.<br/> My daughter is planning on attending a university &quot;back East&quot;. We are from Central California and decided to take advantage of the 24 hour period before the university's Open House by visiting as many states, or in the case of D.C, districts, as we could ( Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York---were all toured, loved, and photographed with great relish).<br/> Our plane landed in Richmond, Virginia at midnight. We rented a car and proceeded to head to our first leg of the trip: Washington, D.C.<br/> To make sure we did not lose our room, we called the Savoy to let them know we would NOT be arriving until 3 a.m. Always call the hotel when you are going to be checking in at an irregular time.<br/> We drove on unfamiliar freeways, surprised by the frequent changes in the speed limit.<br/> When we arrived in D.C., we were stunned at the feeling of reverence we experienced just by gazing at the Pentagon (which I was glad to see seemed to have curtains in the windows--this added a feminine touch to the military facility), the Lincoln Memorial, Washington Monument, U.S. Capitol Building, National Archives, and Jefferson Memorial.<br/> These alabaster edifices, stripped of tourists, politicians, honking horns, and whirring vehicles were perfect under the gentle Autumn sky. In fact, I would not want to see them any other way.<br/> As we were the only moving vehicle on the streets, we took advantage of the opportunity to hop out and take some photographs with these spectacular buildings in the background. I am sure we looked a bit suspicious to the security guards in the area, but they must have deemed us harmless in the end, because we were not pulled over or questioned.<br/> We rolled down the windows and breathed in the crisp October air as we drove along the Potomac and then wound our way up M street to Wisconsin, where the Savoy is located.<br/> Since we were so late, the outside doors were locked. But upon seeing me, the attendant unlocked them and let me in.<br/> Being the very last to check-in, we got the only parking spot left in the basement garage. This proved to be too much for our West Coast parking skills...our rental car hit a post (hey, it was in the blind-spot) and we ended up duct-taping our right brake light back together and taking advantage of the rental insurance we had purchased for the vehicle).<br/> The room was clean, contemporary, and fairly quiet (being in the heart of Georgetown). We could hear large trucks throughout the night...but we were so exhausted...we did not care.<br/> Savoy Suites Hotel is ideally located for the shop-a-holic ( M Street is divine!). Since there is a garage, small as it may be, it's great for the car-renting tourist.<br/> We scored a fantastic deal on our room, considering we stayed on a weekend. <br/> This hotel definitely got our &quot;Thelma and Louise&quot;, mother-daughter adventure off to a great start.<br/> I 
119551918	 We had a large group of people staying at the Savoy Suites for a conference. The hotel is well located and the staff were helpful and accommodating. I recommend the Savoy Suites. 
119502879	 I stayed here and was shocked at the utter lack of hospitality skill displayed by the entire staff. The front desk was surly, housekeeping took the week off and the manager(s) nodded and smiled and then went back to wherever managers hide. Run down and not getting any better describes this place. I could live with that if the staff showed any indication that I was welcomed. Sleep in the street, it will be friendlier; and probably cleaner. 
119311145	 This was my 2nd stay here and I would not want to stay anywhere else in DC! They have all the amenities that you could think of and more. The staff is AMAZING and will go out of their way to help you and anyone else with you. Also, the van and shuttle service from Savoy Suites is absolutely amazing. I can't wait to come back in a year or two. I look forward to seeing all of you then! 
119223179	 The service was amazing - staff is helpful, and the rooms are clean, pretty, and have all the amenities. The van and shuttle service is the BEST! A huge thank you to Kevin Grell and his staff and to Mike with the van and shuttle service! See you next year or the one after! 
120951157	 After reading some reviews I was uncertain what to expect, however my experience at the Savoy was very positive. The front desk staff was the most attentive and courteous I have encountered in Washington. The room was very clean, large and I had a distant view of the Washington Monument. I would recommend staying in the back as there was zero street noise. The headboard was wooden and a nice touch, also no worries about bedbugs lurking in fabric headboards. The bed was comfortable. Excellent shower. The walls were thin, I could hear the guests next door speaking, but that only happened once all weekend. Could it use a makeover? Perhaps, but that was not a deal breaker for me. The free parking was prefect as I did not want to move my car and worry about the countless parking restrictions downtown. Many other hotels offered better prices on the room, but then charged $30 a night to park. There was no charge for taking your car in and out of the indoor, secure garage if you wished to do so. Although there is a free shuttle it doesn't run early (check the start time, 8:00 maybe?), so I took a bus to GW, which was easy. Came for parents' weekend at GW. Walked back at night, safe and lots of others on the sidewalks. 
120592374	 A relatives wedding in Georgetown and the couple selected the Savoy Suites for the main headquarters of the invited guests. My demanding sister requested a microwave, a fridge and extra luggage racks and indeed they were delivered quickly by the helpful pleasant staff. We were a demanding bunch, and yet the front desk staff and greeters were gracious at all times. We all needed to print boarding passes for flights,as the weekend wrapped up, the front desk staff gave us the use of their in-house laptop and presto the passes were printed and delivered to us. All in All, a wonderful experience down to my leaving goods in a drawer in the hotel and the staff quickly identified them and sent them on to me in another town. I would recommend this hotel to all, clean, safe and close to excellent restaurants. Oh, and the breakfast buffet is delicious, complete with made-to-order eggs omelets etc. 
120572517	 The rooms are spacious and clean. It's also close to restaurants and little shops. The bus stop is only about one block away. The hotel staff are friendly and helpful.<br/><br/>The only bad thing is that it is not close to a subway station, but the hotel provide free shuttle to and from the nearest subway station. 
120283146	 I could not be any more pleased about my stay at the Savoy Hotel over the weekend. Each and every staff member that I encountered was pleasant and helpful. The gentlemen that greeted us outside on Friday night was wonderful. The chef making omelettes Sunday morning was delightful. Everyone at the desk was great. I am in the hospitality staffing business so I am unusually critical of staff. The staff gets an A+ from me!<br/><br/>We would and will highly recommend this hotel to our friends and family that would be traveling to the DC area.<br/><br/>Congratulations on a job well done! 
120131353	 Preferring smaller hotels, I stayed here instead of the nearby Marriott to attend a conference. The desk was helpful and the card readers in the elevators made me feel secure. The refrigerator was handy, the bed was very comfortable, and having Whole Foods nearby was great -- I went there each evening to pick up dinner and breakfast food. I would have liked a bath, but the shower was nice. However, the real dealbreaker is the shuttle service, which will drop you off at the Metro or anywhere nearby and pick you up again in the evening -- I couldn't have survived without it. I saved my company $$ and stayed in complete comfort, safety and style. 
119956391	 We stayed at the Savoy for 2 nights and it was OK but nothing exceptional. The location was fine and the free parking and free shuttle to the subway was a definite plus. We requested a room with a city view and were told we could have it for $15 additional so we accepted it. We got to the hotel late and were tired and went to sleep right away. In the morning, we looked out the window to see a huge tree dominating the view with roofs of lower buildings. If we stretched our necks and looked from the far end of the window, along the horizon we could see the city lights but this was in no way a room with a view. Yet we were charged an additional $15 a night for the room. The front desk wasn't very helpful nor accommodating. The room was clean but definitely musty and old/dated. The second night we decided to turn the heater on as it got quite chilly but the heater had a horrible stench and didn't seem very safe. Since it was the middle of the night we didn't bother to notify but mentioned it in the morning. No apologies or credits were offered. Rather, we got a very terse &quot;why didn't you call?&quot; even when we explained that this was in the middle of the night and we didn't want to deal with a repairman (if there was one). Anyway, not a very pleasant bunch. The restaurant had a very limited dinner menu but breakfast was adequate and the wait staff pleasant. Overall, it was an OK stay but nothing exceptional. I don't think I'll come back, though. 
160844378	 Great staff. The bartender went out of his way for us. Very clean. Nicely renovated bathrooms. Comfortable bedding. Felt very safe-elevators wouldn't go from garage past the lobby without using key card. For the price, absolutely wonderful. 
160798185	 When we arrived at the Savoy Suites hotel, we were shocked to hear that the room we had paid for in full was not available and was given to someone else. The receptionist kept telling us that she couldn't give us that room and that she would give us another without the view we had paid for. Of course, we got flustered and then asked to speak to the manager. he came, very calm and distinguished and gave us a lovely room with the view we wanted. It was an upgrade and I am very happy with the way it was handled. I would comment though on the fact that rooms that are paid for should not go to other people in the first place. <br/><br/>Location is good, close to Georgetown and M street. Room was very clean and offered a lovely view of Capitol Hill. The price is reasonable , for both quality and location.<br/><br/>I thank the manager again for his swift interference, the front staff we spoke to that day wasn't helpful at all, not even with directions. 
159980640	 Our children have been going to DC school the past 6 years and we always stay at the Savoy. The beds are incredible and the location is superb for everything. Cannot underestimate the free parking! The staff is always superb. I recently had a question about my room rates and Vicki was the most professional and effecient hotel personnel I have ever dealt with. 
159931322	 this is a nice hotel for the money. most hotels in the area, for the night we stayed, were twice the money. the hotel had a nice, clean room. staff were very nice and willing to help with area information. be careful though. not really in Georgetown but at the top end of Georgetown. Georgetown stores or restaurants are not really within walking distance. Overall a nice stay and would definately stay there again. 
159610277	 Great tempur pedic mattress and pillows. Large bright room, free wifi,cable. Trying hard to be a green hotel. Small new bathroom, good towels. Could vacuum more often. On site underground self parking at $20 per night.<br/>Bus on Wisconsin to downtown, plus an am shuttle to the Metro.<br/>But due to low lighting and dark colors, the overall effect of the lobby and hallways is gloomy.<br/>A good decorator would elevate this hotel.<br/>Breakfast prices for the buffet kept changing - $11.95 when we arrived to $14.95 when we left. 
159574728	 We booked this hotel last-minute because of the price. We were coming to DC to see Ben Harper at the 930 Club and decided to stay over. It was a serendipitous booking! We had a wonderful time the next morning exploring Embassy Row and attending the Flower Mart at the National Cathedral, which happened to be that weekend. The night view from our 7th floor room was great and our room was very quiet. The beds were very comfortable with lots of pillows and we enjoyed the, evidently, newly-redecorated room and bath. We arrived late because of traffic and the staff was very accommodating in quickly finding us a taxi. It was a bit far for our evening activity, but the beautiful area we found in the morning made the longer taxi-ride well worth it! 
