215948605	 The Fairfax is a grand old hotel just off Dupont Circle in Washington, DC. Many years ago it housed one of the Kennedys' favorite French restaurants,the Jockey Club, and is now a member of the the Starwood Luxury Collection chain. It is OK, but I have stayed in better 4 Point hotels. The service was spotty. I arrived in a taxi in a rainstorm. No one came out to meet me, so I schlepped my suitcase (a carryon) to the door and up the stairs to the reception desk. Luckily I had an umbrella. They must have a wheelchair entrance somewhere, but it was not at the front of the hotel. The room was large, and had adequate 120V and USB power stations - but the 120V was very hard to get plugs in and out, and it pulled a prong out of my own USB converter. T The bathroom was small, and had inadequate space for my shaving kit and toiletries. he spare roll of toilet paper was balanced on the top of the toilet tank, sharing space with the spare towels - there was no towel rack. When I arrived in the room there was no bathrobe - I called the desk and ultimately one arrived. There was no bath mat - so I put a towel on the floor. There was no tub. The shower was large, but the door was positioned so that it was a long stretch to the shower control, so arm had the initial cold water freeze as I rotated the handle to hot. The bed was comfortable, the flat screen good, the wifi a little on the slow side. The bar was pleasant - I took advantage of the the SPG Gold free drink because the NAS people who reserved the room for me paid for WIFI. There was an adequate exercise room, but no pool, sauna, or hot tub. So, an OK hotel - but not up to the Luxury Collection standard. Certainly not my first choice in DC. 
215869686	 Cant get a better location, better room, better price...not to mention tge great service from the staff who was thougtful and attentive at all times without been in your face<br/>Loved it and glad i found finally a great hotel in the city 
215808318	 This hotel is conveniently located to the Metro station, and there was even a close stop for our Big Bus tour. Very friendly staff and room was beautiful. A little on the older side but it complemented our historical tour of DC. :) 
215791056	 a great find in the heart of DC. Great service by the staff , great room, clean and spacious. easy access to all sites and points of interest either by public transportation or taxi. Great rapport quality and price. Will be back and recommend to family and friends! 
215164090	 I have stayed at this hotel regularly for business over several years and the standouts are location and service. It is a very DC oriented, federal style, near-boutique, business and tourist oriented. The rooms are on the larger side and a Colonial style decor gives a very DC feel, not modern in any way.<br/><br/>But the best reasons to say are the personal service provided by the staff and the perfect location for both work and pleasure. In my most recent stay Quitina was enormously sweet and helpful to my 14 year-old who was exploring DC on his own while I worked. The Dupont Metro stop is a couple of blocks away and access to wherever in the city is super-convenient; even Georgetown is only a short cab ride away.<br/><br/>Rates here are usually very reasonable, especially for what you receive in return. My ultimate barometer is always value. I loathe being let down, and The Fairfax has never let me down. My expectations are always met or exceeded. 
215124511	 My partner and I started off in Washington D.C and stayed at the Fairfax as part of a birthday trip for me. We stayed at this hotel on our first visit to Washington D.C. and we were very happy with the choice. Great property, great location and great service.<br/><br/>We were checked in to a room on the top floor with a pleasant view of one of the streets the hotel is situated on. The room is luxuriously and classically appointed. I think it's difficult for a hotel to design a room in an older style and not have it look dated, The Fairfax does this perfectly, as all of the furnishings and carpets etc were in excellent condition, stylish and well cared for. The hotel is on a busy street but we didn't have any problems at all with noise.<br/><br/>The room has lots of power sockets and some USB points as well and a coffee maker and a gorgeous marble bathroom.<br/><br/>The hotel is in a great location just two blocks from DuPont Circle Metro station with lots of choice for food and bars close by. It's also very close to the stop for one of the open top tour bus lines. A great option for seeing and getting around the city as a tourist. The concierge helped in securing tickets for the tour which we were able to pay for at the hotel with a credit card.<br/><br/>We didn't spend too much time at the hotel but the time we were in the hotel was great. We had breakfast buffet included in our rate which was varied and plentiful, there were also cookies in ten lobby every evening.<br/><br/>The hotel charges for wifi but we had this included free as I'm SPG Gold.<br/><br/>I would happily return to The Fairfax next time I'm in Washington. 
158322954	 A wonderful, luxurious hotel, with fabulous service, close to everything and just all around super! I would definitely stay there again. Most stars go to the staff who are gracious, friendly and attentive. 
158058272	 The staff at this well-located hotel were incredibly polite and helpful. The deluxe rooms are quite spacious, with traditional decor and large windows. Like most Luxury Collection hotels, however, the Fairfax could use a deep cleaning, some paint touch-ups, new showers and perhaps a spa. One caveat, make sure when booking a room that it does not house an HVAC compressor. Ours did, much to the detriment of our sleep quality. 
158004343	 If not for the image this hotel aspires to and its price, I might have given it a higher rating. The hotel has a great location and impressive appearance. Unfortunately, you have to leave the 12x15 guestrooms to change your mind! Other &quot;high end&quot; hotels in Washington seem to be able to deliver a larger living space. The staff was friendly and for the most part very helpful (apart from telephone operators for whom English names seemed a challenge). Every day of our stay, something was not working. On the last day of our stay, for example, there was no hot water for early morning showers. On another day, we had heard the sound of running water in a utility closet in our room for several hours, and when I called the engineers, they said &quot;there's water in the system that we need to drain&quot;--probably not a maintenance item that a guest should have to bring to their attention. We have yet to get an in room coffee pot that worked, and I've finally decided that the only way for early morning coffee is to purchase it from the dining room. My guess is that these folks need to sharpen up their operation in order to get much repeat business. 
157944473	 This hotel still channels its former lif as a Ritz. The furnishings are very traditional and our room (2 double beds, NOT 2 queen beds) was cozy. I haven't seen a double bed in ages! Lovely linens, towels, and toiletries. I was surprised that wifi internet was not free, even for Starwood Preferred members. We paid for wifi, then found that only one device could use it (if my husband used it with his laptop, I couldn't use it with my I-Pad.) That made the experience feel a little dated. The staff was very friendly and helpful; the concierge was great with resto suggestions.<br/><br/>The location is great--just steps from the Dupont Circle Metro station, which makes getting around DC so easy. The Phillips Collection is a few blocks away. There are many restaurants--casual, formal, al fresco within easy walking distance. the concierge had good suggestions and let us know the best time to go without long waits (many don't take reservations.) Easy to walk to embassies, also. 
157838964	 The staff was incredibly nice. from the valet to the front desk, concierge to the management and everyone in between, the staff was awesome! <br/><br/>The room was huge, the bed was incredibly comfortable, bedroom and bathroom were clean as can be.<br/><br/>Here's the &quot;almost&quot; part... We found it incredibly odd that we had to pay for internet in the rooms. And pay a lot. It was very expensive. Even the busses in NYC have free wifi. I am no hotelier but all i can tell you is from a consumer / guest's point of view it made the hotel look dated and greedy! to be honest, I left with a slightly bad taste in my mouth about it. <br/><br/>Otherwise it would have been the perfect hotel !! 
157817693	 I stayed at the hotel (accompanied by my husband) while attending a business conference at another hotel. Everything about our stay was perfect: the location a few short blocks from the Dupont Circle Metro, the classy neighborhood full of restaurnats and shops, the room, the bed, the maid service, the doormen, getting a fridge for our room, etc. <br/><br/>Far beyond any expectation was the service of the concierge, Peter Gill. From the first question we asked him on our first day of our stay, Peter took a special interest in our activities and to seeing that we were able to accomplish our goals of enjoying as many of the museums and attractions of Washington as possible. He recommended 2 sights nearby that we had never heard of before on many previous trips to DC: Anderson House and Wilson House (both highly recommended). Each night as we returned to the Fairfax, weary from a whole day of attending the conference and/or museums, Peter would wave and inquire about our day's successes. He recommended places to dine. He sorted out a Catholic church for us to attend Easter Mass and other small services like seeing to it that we received the Sunday newspaper delivered to our room, etc. etc. <br/><br/>My husband and I have stayed at many hotels large and small, but we were particularly impressed with the personal service offered by this large chain hotel. It was like staying at a small B&amp;B or country inn in one of the great large American cities. Most hotels of this size are business-like and impersonal. The Fairfax was a home away from home. 
28106375	 My husband and I stayed here over Easter weekend. Compared to other hotels I priced I thought the rate was reasonable. Keep in mind there is an additional charge of 30 dollars per day for parking plus 10 dollars per day for internet. That said,I found the hotel room extremely clean. The staff was efficient and friendly and let us check in early. On our floor right outside the elevator there was either a big bowl of apples or candy each day. Beds were comfy, but I found the pillows too hard for my taste.The internet in the room was extremely slow. Our room faced an alley. It didn't bother us but if you are sensitive to noise ask for a different location.The hotel was just a quick walk to the metro. 
28055853	 This is a very mediocre property. Not sure why this is part of the Luxury Collecition. It feels like a rehabbed Sheraton. <br/><br/>My room had paper thin walls. I could actually hear phone conversations on both sides of me and the traffic outside. I mentioned this to the front desk staff and they just said &quot;yes, we often get that complaint&quot; but offered no compensation or apology. <br/><br/>Bell service was poor (i.e., non-existant) when I arrived mid-day. This is a bad property in a nice location. Don't think for a minute that this is a reasonable alternative to the Hay-Adams. This is the last place I would stay in D.C. irrespective of the price. 
27928036	 This is my second year staying at the Fairfax and I've noticed some things have changed, and not for the better. While overall it was a solid stay, I miss the free continental breakfast. (The breakfasts at the Jockey Club are tasty, but I shudder at paying $16 for eggs.) On one day of our three-day stay room service never came at all, but when I called downstairs and asked for towels, they were quickly brought up. Not so with our cot (which we had requested when making the reservation, again at check in, and then again just before bedtime), which didn't arrive until 9:45 at night -- really pushing bedtime for my youngest. (The staff apologized for the hours-long delay and said they were backed up.) And clearly there are issues with the valet parking -- it took them 45 minutes to locate our car when we checked out, and we were far from the only guests having this problem. I should also mention that our suite faced a parking lot, where garbage trucks would come around 7am and there'd be a fair amount of dumpster clanging. We were awake by then, so it wasn't a problem for us, but beware if you want to sleep in. Finally -- and admittedly this is nitpicking -- no more turndown service, which means no more chocolates on pillows -- a disappointment for my children! <br/><br/>The location, as had been noted before, is fabulous -- close to the metro, not too far from the zoo, and, more importantly, very close to Kramer Books, where you can browse and then have a great meal. Plus when you stay free on points (as we did) it makes the flaws easier to swallow. I would recommend this hotel but really hope they solve the service issues -- and bring back free breakfast! 
27914336	 Stayed 2 nights this past weekend at the Fairfax in Dupont area. The location is phenomenal as it is only a few blocks from the Metro system and there are a great deal of restaurants, shops, stores all within a couple blocks walking. Our room, 644, was looking over the corner of Massachusetts Ave and 21st Street (looking at Indian Embassy). Really nice area and you feel safe walking around at night. Was a 20 minute walk to Georgetown and about 35 minute walk to the white house, so if you're into walking it's doable. <br/><br/>The hotel was very clean and furnished as you would expect a presidential headquarters hotel to be furnished and decorated. Had a nice room, very clean, with king bed which was rather large. Bathroom was sort of small though. Nice LCD tv and sitting area. <br/><br/>We did not eat at the hotel, but had a couple drinks in the Trademark Lounge which had a nice feel. Piano and Tony Bennett style music gave a nice touch. Only complaint here was that the drinks were very high. 7.50 for a corona, 15.00 for a mojito and 12.00 for house savignon blanc. But good experience nonetheless. <br/><br/>All in all, I would definitely stay here again as it was fresh, friendly and convenient. <br/>Oh, and valet parking (30.00 nightly) is a must as parking in the area is non-existent. 
221439137	 The Fairfax is 2-3 minutes away from Dupont Circle Metro station, which is only two stops from the Mall (Its also close to two CapitalCycle bike stations if you want to cycle in to town, which I did and really enjoyed). The hotel staff were friendly, the room was a good size for the centre of town, very comfortable and with a huge bathroom. I had booked a roon-only deal, which worked out well as there are so many cafes and restaurants near by (Le Pain Quotidien was very good, as was a quirky neighbourhood Soho Cafe just down P street). Only annoyance was the $13 charge for 24 hr internet. 
221400166	 This hotel is let down by remarkably poor service. <br/>The location - close to DuPont Circle metro station - is good for tourists and business travellers. <br/>There is no free WiFi in rooms. The hotel bar is only open in the evenings. <br/>The rooms are large if dated. <br/>Long black hairs stuck to the bathroom door and on a lamp suggest that cleaning could be improved. <br/>However, this hotel is most memorable for having the worst service of any American hotel that I have stayed in.<br/>Check-in took forever, long queues of guests were left waiting, and staff seemed to feel that room guests were an annoying imposition on their lives. <br/>The hotel's systems and personnel seemed unable to cope with us having two bookings under one name. We were told that one night's booking didn't exist, even though we had a confirmation email. The hotel eventually acknowledged the mistake, but did not apologise. We had to ask repeatedly for housekeeping to make up the room. When we requested additional towels three times, they were never delivered.<br/>In future, I will avoid this hotel and go elsewhere to feel more welcome. 
221337254	 We were meeting up in Washington, D.C. for a reunion, and wanted somewhere beautiful and comfortable to crash after our days and nights exploring. The Fairfax exceeded my expectations. The location was excellent, close to the Metro, and the staff were very knowledgeable and helpful. So what the wifi wasn't free? We weren't in DC to stare at our phones inside a hotel room! 
221221062	 The hotel is less than 5 minutes to Dupont circle and the Metro, location can't get any better, the staff is very friendly and helpful, the front desk at check in (Peter) I think took out a map and explained the area for me. The only two negative things about this hotel are the breakfast as it was a big joke with hardly anything in it and the the bathroom certainly needs better water pressure in the shower. 
221212828	 Exceptional service door to door. The staff couldn't be more helpful and the accommodations were good. A beautiful hotel in a great part of town. The only drawback was they double booked our room, and that it not the first place this has happened. Everything worked out well, and we really enjoyed our stay. Two thumbs up to the staff. 
221150179	 As a lifetime platinum member, I would rank the Fairfax at Embassy Row a five star. The front desk manager Ertoo helped me plan my 3 night stay, four rooms four months in advance.<br/>We were very pleased with the rooms. The beds were very comfortable, and the bathrooms were clean. And very importantly, never a hint of smoke. I thought there may be problems with noise because of reading trip advisor reviews. We experienced none of that.<br/>As a platinum member, I was given the choice of 500 points or continental breakfast. I chose the continental breakfast and happy I did. Fruit was very fresh, fresh pastries and bread and great toaster. And most importantly for me, porridge was perfectly cooked to my liking.<br/>We love the location of being close to the metro at Dupont circle, and there was always a taxi available. Restaurants were close by. Ertoo and his staff took the initiative to recommend a great Asian restaurant &quot;ping pong&quot; which had wonderful dim sum.<br/>As a platinum member the last fourteen years in a row (all through vacation), my wife and I agree this one of the best hotels for the rates they charge. An added bonus is the staff are so friendly and courteous. Whether we are talking about the gentlemen in the front of the door who will help with your luggage or assist with directions or housekeepers, or waiters in the restaurant, we feel customer service was A+, excellent!!! As a platinum member, my internet was free<br/>And my daughter who is 19 who loves to jog late at night, and my parents who joined us who are in their late 70s felt very safe in the &quot;embassy row&quot; area.<br/>Yes, I recommend fairfax. 
152327031	 After a very lovely first stay here several months ago, I opted for Fairfax Embassy Row again. This time, when I checked in, they put me in a room that was a fraction of the size I was in before. I went downstairs to ask about that, and they immediately put me in a much nicer and bigger room. Why even need to ask? You know I'm an SPG member. You know I've stayed here before, why leave a bad taste in my mouth.<br/><br/>New room was much bigger and comfier, but then looked around and realized there was no desk! I had a huge amount of work to do over four days, and did it all sitting on the bed. Also, Internet is expensive, and it only covers one device. They waived the additional device charges, but this is a ridiculous policy in this day and age. What traveling businessperson doesn't have a laptop, and iPad, and a smartphone? That's why I say this hotel isn't really that well suited for a business person. It's really more of a vacationers' hotel.<br/><br/>I'll also say that while the front desk and concierge are quite nice, the bell captain and bellboys are oddly useless. They'll chat while you're struggling with the very heavy front door and your luggage, and then come up to help you after you've thrown yourself through it already. This happened twice, as I had two sets of bags to bring in on two days. 
152128326	 The staff here is kind and helpful. The room was nice, but the shower was awesome--such great water pressure! However the best part about the hotel was its proximity to the Phillips Collection and the Anderson House Museums--such gems. The valet parking was pricey, but worth it because of parking restrictions in the area. 
151948162	 We stayed here for 3 nights in October 2012. Arrived from Dulles airport around 2pm. We had asked for a room on a high floor but it was not ready. We had the choice of accepting a room on a lower floor or waiting for our room to be ready. We chose to wait and had a drink in the bar. The bar staff were very friendly and our room was ready within the hour. We had a double room on the 4th floor with a view of Mass Ave. Room was large and bed very comfortable. Bathroom massive and everywhere spotless. Only complaints would be that we had an interconnecting room and on our second night, there was a family in the room next door meaning we did hear some noise from their room. Only other minor complaint would be that the air conditioning unit is right above the bed, was pretty noisy and took some getting used to. <br/><br/>We didn't eat at the hotel but the menu seemed pricey. The bar was certaininly expensive but no more so than any other hotel bar in the city. The hotel is about 10 mins from Dupont Circle and about 25 minutes walk to the White House and all the sights. Plenty of restaurants and bars within walking distance. <br/><br/>We booked directly with the hotel when they had a special offer on so we got a good price for the room. For the price we paid, I would stay there again and recommend the hotel. 
151558624	 What a wonderful, friendly, understated hotel. The staff is exceptionally friendly in an efficient, non-pushy kind of way. Imagine the old days, when manners mattered, instead of overly smiley familiarity, surliness or attempts to be überhip (like SPGs awfully contrived &quot;W&quot; concept...). The bar is fantastic, with plenty of space and nooks and crannies to hide away in and actually speak to your guests. The room was generous, clean and comfortable. I'm not staying anywhere else when I come to DC. 
151204709	 Fairfax was a big disappointment. As soon as we went into the room, it was a glass cup broken into the sink. I do not expect this in a &quot;luxury collection&quot; hotel. Other issue: the wifi is free only in the lobby or lounge, but there are only two chairs at the lobby and if you go to the lounge, the service is horrible and very expensive (USD 10 for an Espresso). What is good: nice rooms, friendly service at the front desk/concierge, locaton. It did not worth. 
151099724	 We stayed at this hotel during Inauguration weekend 2013. It is a well kept hotel in downtown DC. The staff is friendly and helpful. We had a suite during our stay with a living room area (pull out couch) and 1 bedroom with a king size bed. The bed is VERY comfortable. In the evening the hotel provided cookies in the lobby. The hotel is very close to the Metro station, and there are lots of restaurants, pubs, and clubs in walking distance. I would stay here again. 
186201001	 We were able to get a great AAA rate on this hotel so even though I often choose hotels based on whether they provide wifi, since we had such a great rate, we were fine to pay the extra 12.95 for daily wifi. Little did we know this is PER DEVICE. So, if you are traveling with someone else, and each have a phone (where you are trying to avoid international roaming charges) and each a laptop/iPad…this is an extra $53 per night. This is absolutely ridiculous in my opinion. I should note, you can use free wifi in the lobby, however there are about 3-4 chairs in the lobby and it's not a comfortable place to work. <br/><br/>Other than the wifi the hotel was great - all the staff were incredibly friendly, great buffet breakfast included in our rate, really nice cozy lounge for drinks/dinner, great location. 
185833853	 Great location, hard to beat this. Only a city block from DuPont Circle along Mass Ave, from subway station Qstreet entrance, many decent restaurants nearby, and just a hop from National Airport. Quiet, clean, and comfortable room, well maintained hotel with friendly service. 
185820740	 Generally a nice hotel for a reasonable rate. That said, we called ahead to confirm check-in time &amp; then, when we arrived, the room wasn't ready. No free upgrade. We stayed in a Grand Deluxe room and were underwhelmed with its size and comfort. On top of that, overnight parking was $40/night -- which we didn't know until we arrived (lame!). We ordered breakfast to the room one morning and it was superb. The doormen were the best part of their service. We likely will not stay there again. 
185725997	 I have been staying at the Fairfax at Embassy Row since my son attended American University years ago. While we now have a place in DC, when we have others staying there and on business I always go back to this hotel. Not only is it a historical and well-appointed gem in a great location in the District, but the staff make it special with a lasting impression. Ahmed and Harry at the front door are always attentive and truly interested in seeing you back again. Ahmed goes out of his way to be helpful and ask about my family. I look forward to seeing him on every visit! In addition, I actually think that the hotel is even getting better in service and attentiveness with the new (relatively I guess - I just met him), Front Office Manager, Ertug. When I had a special need, he was responsive and when I checked into the hotel, he met me and walked me to my room. Highest of marks on lobby staff! Great breakfast and beautful room and a classy and historical bar. 
185669865	 I stayed at the Fairfax for 4 days on business and generally I was very impressed with the hotel. The location is fantastic - in a really quaint part of Washington with lots of nice restaurants nearby. Also I took my running gear and had a really nice run one evening, felt totally safe on the streets and came across loads of other like minded souls.<br/>We only ate properly once in the hotel but the meal was really nice. We had buffet style food provided as part of the conference and this was good and of reasonable variety. A lovely touch is the jar of 'help yourself' cookies in the foyer - a different flavour each day. <br/>Overall the attitude of staff was excellent - always happy to help - apart from one lady serving in the bar area who made you feel that everything was too much trouble. <br/>The rooms were of a good size with lovely comfortable beds and pillows that felt like marshmallows (no good for people who like form pillows). The only issue was the constant background droning noise that kept several of us awake. Whether it's the heating system or air conditioning, its not consistent enough to become white noise so it is really noticeable. One of our party moved rooms to get away from it (so obviously there is a quieter part of the hotel).<br/>I would use the hotel again, particularly for its location, but I'd make sure I took ear plugs! 
185221000	 So many trips to D.C. over the years, and I've always stayed at the same big hotels by the White House or the Capitol. Thanks to the fact that our son is spending a semester in D.C., on a recent trip we looked for a place near his residence hall. This led us to the quaint and charming Fairfax at Embassy Row, just off Dupont Circle.<br/><br/>Although fairly large, the Fairfax has the feeling of a small hotel. The lobby is tiny by the standards of, say, a Hyatt, but beautifully appointed in an old-world way, with rich wood paneling and marble floors. Helpful bellmen spring to open the doors, and the staff at the desk offer a warm welcome. <br/><br/>Our room was spacious and very tastefully decorated. Bathroom fixtures were elegant. The bed was extremely comfortable and the linens were crisp and appealing. Although our room faced a loading dock with no view whatsoever, the lovely interior appointments created a pleasant atmosphere.<br/><br/>It's hard to find negatives here, but the stay was not flawless. After a long day of touring, we returned to find that our room had not been cleaned (although this oversight was promptly addressed, with profuse apologies, when we mentioned it to the front desk staff). We had to wait quite a while for hot water to reach our bathroom--perhaps an idiosyncracy of our location near the end of a second floor hall. And we were disappointed to find the hotel does not provide complimentary wifi service.<br/><br/>One of the best features of the Fairfax is its location near Dupont Circle. It was tremendously refreshing to stay in an area of D.C. that has some life to it, even after nightfall. Near the hotel are many casual and inviting restaurants (we liked Scion). Our son pointed out small bookstores, coffee shops and other neighborhood hangouts. A huge surprise was the weekend farmer's market just steps from the hotel's front entrance. Although we did not have room to carry much home with us, we purchased some wonderful apples and a beautiful jar of preserves.<br/><br/>So, of all the reasons to stay in this warm, friendly hotel, its location near Dupont Circle may be the best. 
237404018	 Room was small but comfortable and clean. Location just off DuPont Circle was excellent. It's across 21st from the Indonesian Embassy which has to be one of the most spectacular in DC. I was going to knock on the door and ask how much they wanted for it, but my wife wouldn't let me. Sheesh. We got an excellent online price of $140 plus tax per night, but I wouldn't expect that again. Be sure to get to the lobby around 4 pm because those cookies sure go fast, and, no, not because I ate them all. <br/><br/>Con: the desk clerk who checked me in seemed to be eager for extra income. It seemed he wanted a tip for a good room (I didn't tip and got the noisy room over the entry way), wanted (too much) to get us a cab, or a restaurant reservation. Maybe I was just tired. 
237336585	 Driving up to this red brick hotel near Dupont Circle, we had the feeling of a London hotel centrally located in DC. Check in was friendly and efficient; however, no bellman was in sight to assist with our luggage.<br/><br/>The room was a small suite and luxuriously decorated and comfortable in every way. Huge closets, nice work area and great sitting area. Bathroom a bit small but nice amenities and very comfortable beds. Everything within the halls and hotel was top notch and beautifully furnished. Parking is bit expensive, but parking attendants very professional. <br/><br/>Room service is delicious but quite expensive (to be expected). Only criticism was check out was a nightmare with only one front desk attendant working at peak time in the morning. Also, when I called to obtain a receipt, I was put on hold for ten minutes. Walking distance from the hotel are numerous restaurants and nightlife in addition to the Dupont Circle Metro. I would definitely return! 
237162118	 My wife and i always stay here when we visit DC. The rooms are nicely furnished, the staff is friendly. The location (near Dupont Circle, convenient to the Red Line) is great. The Phillips gallery is a block away. 
236998867	 Friend recommended this hotel - it is indeed well located and is well known by the locals. It is pretty well priced - we paid 250 USD per night. Though extras do add up. Welcome &amp; reception staff very good. Housekeeping no problem too. Breakfast is 25 USD plus charges is not really worth it and the restaurant staff seemed bored and not really interested in serving customers or removing used plates and glasses from the table. Only when I deleted previously added tip did they come up to me to see if anything was wrong. Similar experience in the bar. When I asked for tea with lemon I was brought pot of tea and the cuts of lemon not on the tray or plate but on the paper napkin (see photo) - 5 star service! Room service was not much better - they brought for breakfast totally inedible hard melons (see photo), we had to leave them untouched. 
236927810	 I've stayed at the Fairfax for many business trips to DC and always chose them because of the great service they provide as well as the charming and friendly staff. The Fairfax is located in DuPont circle where lots of restaurants are in walking distance. I would definetly reccomend the Fairfax to my close friends and family and anyone who is traveling to DC for business. 
236816181	 This hotel has some very strong points. Great location in easy walking distance of very good restaurants, the Phillips and the metro as well as close to Georgetown and within the buzzy DuPont circle area. The staff are excellent and the rooms have a reassuring solidity. The bathroom was excellent with a large shower and plentiful towels and toiletries. However there were some negatives. The wifi charge seemed petty in this day and age and there seemed to be small rather silly additional charges for using added devices even if you purchased wifi as we did.The bar staff were nice but there was not much to lure you in especially given the rather eccentric air conditioning which made it very cold. There was free water but the minibar was not filled. Breakfast buffet was ok with plentiful coffee and other things but a bit tired . I would have preferred a change from scrambled egg bacon and breakfast potato . This hotel has many star qualities but these quirks suggest it needs a slight rethink towards generosity and imagination. I would stay here again because of the rooms,location and staff.but it is punching below its weight. 
153370655	 My husband and I walked all around the area trying to find a quiet, chill, WARM, relaxed bar atmosphere to grab a drink after dinner to no avail. When we got back to the Fairfax, we decided to check out the bar. Absolutely fabulous! Hidden gem! Fireplaces, cozy places to sit and best of all, Raoul the bartender to take care of us. Very personable and remembers your orders and makes you feel like you are a regular in no time. Raoul deserves a raise! 
153109620	 We have stayed at Fairfax at least 8 times, every experience is better than the last. Location is excellent walking to DuPont Circle and Metro . Staff is excellent and helpful, rooms are very comfortable and clean. Will continue to return to this elegant hotel! 
153106931	 This review was for a 2-night stay, as a couple from PA, looking for a romantic getaway and to visit the Smithsonian Institute:<br/><br/>We had stayed in the: Grand Deluxe-King Room (Pictures are posted)<br/><br/>Overall, I was very pleased with our stay. The hotel was beautiful and well-kept. The staff was friendly and straight to the point rather than being overly-persuasive and bothersome. The hotel was in a great location being only a block from Dupont Circle, where restaurants, bars, and nightlife seem to be the main attraction. The parking was very high ($98.00 roughly for 2 nights) as we knew this upon booking; however, the metro is located 3 blocks away and is quite inexpensive for a day round-trip (About $11.00 for 2 from Dupont Metro to Smithsonian).<br/>Our room, the Grand Deluxe-King Room, was a very great aspect to our trip. It was in immaculate condition with everything working and clean. Some say it could be outdated; however, I really enjoyed the luxury yellow, floral designs, and minimal over-the-top modern appeal. It was energetic and relaxing. The sitting area provided a decent view though it was not very useful to us; however, could be very useful to business-goers. The bed was extremely comfy, and I was extremely pleased to see bed-bug protectors on everything, including pillows, as I check for that type of stuff before relaxing. The room temperature was available and easy to fluctuate to a comfortable setting at said time, this being an important aspect since it was winter. The shower was large with great water pressure. It could fit about three people comfortably so this was fantastic just for two. The robes were a pleasant addition and were made use of many times. <br/><br/>The reason I gave The Fairfax only a 4-star rating out of 5 was because the lack of room/hotel amenities, besides the parking fees. The hotel really only supplied an exercise room without a pool or hot tub. The room, being a Grand Deluxe, could have included a tub or electric fireplace. Some would say that I should pay more for such things; however, I feel those small qualms could have made this an even more romantic atmosphere with a 5-star rating. Needless to say, I also realized that most Washington D.C hotels do not supply any of those amenities even for a higher cost, so I really don’t feel I missed out on much. If you are looking for something highly-romantic, I would suggest a bed and breakfast.<br/><br/>The location was great. We had walked a majority of our stay around Dupont Circle and the Smithsonian. The area and people were friendly with many choices to eat and play. The standard of living is higher than where we are from, so expect to pay $60-$80 (+ tip) for two at typical (non-fast food) restaurant. I would suggest to keep any shopping ideas for home, since there were minimal shopping stores that offered mediocre prices (Over $100 for shoes is not reasonable for my family, etc).<br/><br/>I would still go back to the Fairfax for the reasons I stated above; however, I think a 2-3 day trip is a reasonable time to conquer many site-seeing attractions in the area without becoming bored if one would have stayed longer. 
152893510	 Great location, near Dupont Circle, many good restaurants, easy to Metro. Good front desk and bellmen staff. Public space a bit cramped but very pleasant. Rooms quite small, even for DC - mine even lacked a desk! Odd for a &quot;business-friendly&quot; hotel. OK fitness but a bit limited. Banquet food.... 
152731104	 My husband, daughter (10) and myself just stayed one night here so we could attend a function next door at the Anderson House-which by the way is a beautiful museum. From the moment we pulled up to the minute we left, the service was fantastic. The bellmen, valet parkers, front desk, bartenders, etc were all fantastic. I must put a special shout out to Ricardo in Security who was fantastic in retrieving our iPad that we left behind in the room (it was almost 5 hours after we checked out that we realized it) and shipped it back to us-thank you again! We had originally intended on our daughter staying back home with my mom, but it turned out that was not going to be possible and when we showed up with her, the front desk couldn't have been nicer telling us no problem, and having a very comfortable roll away brought up for her. The king superior room we were in was a good size so we weren't too cramped. The bar downstairs is very nice.<br/>The only cons I would have are the bathroom was tiny. There was really no place to stash toiletries/cosmetics. We happened to be in a connecting room and it was literally like there was no door there at all. I could hear every single word from the family next door. I am not too sure ho they might be able to remedy this. My last complaint would be the food at the bar was really subpar. An advertised Margherita Pizza was about the most basic cheese pizza I have ever seen and the hamburger which was ordered to a medium rare temp was well done and so crumbly, it was inedible.<br/>Would any of these cons keep us from returning again, most assuredly not! 
152671887	 We recently stayed at the Fairfax with our two boys on a visit to DC to look at colleges. The hotel is in a great location! Everything we needed to get to we did by walking or a quick taxi ride. The service was definitely 5 star. The doormen were wonderful and very friendly, as was the front desk staff. We only ate breakfast at the restaurant once, but the service there was also friendly. Our room, which was a corner suite, was very roomy for our family of four. We had a king bed, and we did not need any roll aways, as our suite had 2 sofa beds. The beds were comfy. The decor was traditional. The bathroom was small by today's standards, but this bathroom was very clean and well appointed. Being a historic hotel, it was just the type of elegant bathroom you might expect. The only complaint was the heat/AC seemed to have the thermostat in one room but blew from a loud, large vent in the other room. We were surprised that there was a charge for wifi. There is just no need for that in this type of hotel. Luckily, the package we had gave us free wifi so we did not have to pay the high fee for 4 people for 3 days. We would definitely stay at the Fairfax again! 
100146584	 This is a great place to stay and close to everything. Dupont Circle Metro station is just a few minutes away - great restaurants in the area.<br/><br/>The hotel itself is a historic building and very charming. The rooms are very comfortable and the bed is great!!! I read some previous comments about how small the rooms are but I was pleasantly surprised!<br/>The best assest is their staff, everybody smiles and is always friendly. They go out of their way to make sure you are comfortable. I had a family emergency and the entire Front Desk team was spectacular. Verena in particular helped me at anytime and even gave me her phone number to call in case I needed further assistance. Thank you again! And BTW your tip - it really worked.<br/><br/>I would recommend this hotel to everybody and will definetely be back!! 
99942856	 Lovely hotel near Dupont Circle. Very attentive staff and nice amenities - turn down service, ice, bottled water, and free newspaper - loved the NYTs in the a.m. However, the mattress needed to be turned. It was pretty soft on the side people always sleep on, so I moved myself to the other side of the bed. Lovely sitting area in my room with a flat screen TV. One of the nicest rooms I've stayed in in DC. Great location near the metro so you really don't need to get a cab to go somewhere. I didn't have breakfast at the hotel, but others at the conference said it wasn't good and the service was terrible. I just went to Starbucks a block away - there's one on the same block and another at Dupont Circle. I felt very safe walking by myself in this area and would definitely consider staying there again. 
98576931	 The hotel is located in a very nice (quiet, safe) and convenient (2 blocks from Metro) location. Because we are celebrating a special birthday, I contacted the hotel ahead of time to see if we can get a quiet room away from kids and elevators. The hotel team promptly replied and offered to upgrade us to a quiet suite. When we arrived, we were greeted warmly and given our room (7th floor, out of 8 floors, I think), which was at the end of the hall, so very private and quiet. And here is where the only negative...while the room itself (and neighbors) is very quiet, we were rudely awakened at 8am Saturday by what I can tell is the hotel's recycling/garbage compressor machine (blue machine), operated manually by someone in uniform. I tried to call the Operator and she mentioned she'll ask them to stop. Unfortunately, it didn't and lasted for about .5 hr. Mentioned to the front desk and was told this should be a one time thing. Well, Sunday came around, process repeated. Since we are checking out Sunday, I mentioned it to the front desk, and guess this was a revelation for them as well.<br/><br/>Aside from the above, the service from the hotel team had been superb. The lady at the front desk/concierge had been very helpful in helping us pick some great places to eat and hang out. Rooms were very clean and everything works as expected (it is shocking how often I arrive at a hotel and sinks leak, clocks don't work, TV remote is busted).<br/><br/>For those of you planning to stay at the hotel, just make sure that you don't get a room above the recycle/compressor. Otherwise, everyone in the staff team are great. As long as you don't get the noisy room, definitely worth revisiting. 
98416455	 My girlfriend and I wanted to celebrate our anniversary in the Dupont Circle area, so naturally I went on Priceline and submitted a few bids for a 4 star hotel in that area. When I successfully got the Fairfax on Embassy Row, I was initially disappointed as I really wanted the Palomar nearby, however after staying here it turns out it would be very tough to beat. <br/><br/>Located just 1.5 blocks from the Metro station, the hotel, while not as sleek and modern looking on the outside as some hotels in DC, is very swanky and modern on the inside. I had called prior to our arrival and requested a king bed and glass shower and both requests were met. The staff was extremely polite and attentive during our 1 night stay. We'd brought some champagne along and I called down to the desk to see if they had any champagne glasses they could bring up and within 5 minutes a well dressed man was standing in front of our door with two glasses on a plate; very impressive! The bed was beyond comfortable as we both slept so well. My only minor complaint would be that there wasn't a more accessible outlet to plug the iron into; I had to go to the other side of the room in a somewhat narrow area to use it. Other than that, the hotel is wonderful; the view from the 8th floor was awesome at night and you can't beat the location. 
96609964	 We wanted a weekend getaway where we could walk to a few museums. The Embassy Row area has several historic properties that are within walking distance of the Fairfax. The Anderson House next door is beautiful. <br/><br/>Josh at the front desk was very professional and nice. The bellman were always offering to assist in any way they could. The room service waiter was great. The hotel was very elegant and inviting. The rates are very reasonable.<br/><br/>There are many restarants and bars within a few blocks. The Food Corner Kabob House on P street was a great local find. 
96366852	 I was staying in WDC for an undetermined amount of time (at least 4 months, but maybe 5, 6, etc) and was having trouble finding any place that would provide me with a reasonable monthly rate. The W, WDC wanted $6,500 a month! I called the Sales Manager at The Fairfax on a recommendation from another Starwood Property and she was PHENOMENAL. Even though this hotel is a beautiful property and well-deserving of its &quot;luxury property&quot; title, she gave me BY FAR the best rate of any hotel I had called (and I had called a lot), she asked me all sorts of questions so she could make my stay as pleasant as possible, and gave me a BEAUTIFUL room. Furthermore, when I checked in, she showed me to my room where she had prepared everything I could need: air fresheners, soaps, plates and silverware, coffee makers with an abundance of premium coffee, etc. She had even gone so far as to go out and purchase a microwave for my room! The staff was very friendly and helpful and many of them remembered my name from the very first day. Additionally, the location is absolutely premium. Everything you need is within just a few blocks. I used to stay at the Westin or W when I came to WDC, but will definitely be staying here from now on. Definitely stay here! 
198501077	 My husband and I planned a quick stop in DC on the way home from a long road trip. Our plan was a late check-in, breakfast with a friend, then back on the road. We arrived just before midnight, completely exhausted. Even with reinstating my SPG status, check-in was swift and within 5 minutes we were in our room. Our room was very nice, and most importantly, the bed was comfy. The following morning, another quick stop at the front desk and we were on our way, equipped with directions to the local catholic church, mass times and recommendations for breakfast. Check-out was a breeze, our car was waiting for us when we arrived in the lobby and we were back on the road. I read the reviews about the unimpressive lobby and the quality of the toiletries before our stay, but frankly that isn't a priority for me. My criteria is a friendly, helpful staff, clean, comfortable and quiet room and location (walking distance to many eateries and restaurants and the Metro). I got exactly what I needed. 
198380317	 I previously reviewed this property many years ago when my purse was stolen in DC and swore to never return to this hotel where we received no help. We recently bid on a 4* star property for DuPont Circle on Priceline.com and the Fairfax just happened to be what we got. We went with an open mind and we were very happy with our return after almost 8 years. Here are our pros and cons:<br/><br/>Pros<br/><br/>~2blocks from metro at DuPont<br/>~walking distance to dozens of restaurants and shops and services<br/>~room was large, bed was comfortable, room at rear of property was very quiet even on 2nd floor<br/>~bathroom was large with ample sink and storage space (decent hair dryer too)<br/>~staff were friendly and professional, check-in was a breeze<br/>~doormen were quick and always greeted us and asked if we needed a cab<br/>~work out room was very nice<br/>~elevators were large and rarely had to wait more than a few seconds<br/>~we always praise hotels that offer us good rooms despite bidding via Priceline...we seemed to be treated with as much respect as any other guest. <br/><br/>Cons<br/><br/>~like other reviewers have stated, the absence of free wi-fi is a drawback. Travelers really want this service included and I hope the Fairfax considers adding free wi-fi (it would be attractive if Starwood hotels would offer free wi-fi to guests who sign up for their rewards program, which is what Omni Hotels does)<br/>~We also noted as other travelers have that our shower water took a good minute or so to warm up, also despite caulking at the base of the shower there was a large puddle that would leak out onto he bathroom floor that we needed to clean up with towels (rm 216)<br/>~we did not like the brand of toiletries and next time would bring our own shampoo and conditioner<br/>~valet parking in the district is very high, I believe it was upwards of $40 per night. This is standard at other properties of this caliber, but a tip to travelers on weekends is to find street parking. Just be wary of the signs with restrictions. <br/><br/>We recommend this hotel for travelers who want to stay at a nice property close to all the action, but which feels homey and quiet inside. Also, many travelers have complained about the price of breakfast...there are dozens of restaurants within a a few blocks to save on breakfast. Overall, we had a good stay and it's nice to know we no longer have to avoid this property. We will return happily. 
198329798	 The location of this hotel is very good with proximity to DuPont Circle, Metro etc. The building itself is gorgeous and rooms are quite nice but I felt the hotel lacked charm/character. Perhaps due to the very small lobby it is difficult to establish a vibe. I didn't find staff particularly personable. We got this place for a good price but would probably stay elsewhere next time. We stayed at Renaissance on M Street a few years ago and it was better. 
198305472	 Very nice hotel. Slow check in but I got over it. There is no lobby here to speak of, they should put more seating to make up for that.<br/><br/>Awesome fitness center. everything worked well.<br/><br/>OK, why not 5 stars? The on site restaurants were very disappointing. The breakfast crew could not keep up. One morning, they gave me a used coffee cup and spoon.. When I pointed it out, they only replaced the spoon and ran off. I had to flag them down again to replace the cup. <br/><br/>Lunch was not better. Food mediocre and service slow.<br/><br/>The hotel property was very nice. Good location, close to Metro. Would stay again, just wouldn't eat there. 
198176498	 I am a frequent business traveler, and I had the pleasure of making the Fairfax at Embasy Row my home away from home each week for seven months. I was consistently impressed by the outstanding service I received at this hotel. The front desk staff was always prompt and courteous. The director of business travel sales went well above expectations to make sure the Fairfax was positioned to offer the best service possible to its business guests. The rooms were each very unique, speaking to the history of the building, and which I enjoyed compared to the cookie cutter rooms found in newer properties. The location of the property was excellent, with nearby restaurants, metro stations, and other amenities around DuPont Circle. 
198114312	 I picked this hotel due to its location to the Metro. I ran the Rock'n'Roll marathon and originally planned to stay two nights. Due to an accident at home, I was able to get credit for a night stay with a short conversation with a representative. Upon my arrival I was pleasantly greeted by the bellman and desk staff. I asked for a late check-out and was so glad to know it was no trouble. After running the race, hotel staff offered me additional water and an even later check out time. I was greeted by name by the front desk staff as though I was an honored guest. Upon leaving, I realized I had left my phone charger in my room. With an easy call to security, they retrieved my charger and returned to me before I even needed it! Each contact point was excellent. And the room was comfortable and clean, the location was great and the lounge is very quaint. I would definitely stay here again! 
165091133	 There is no other place to stay in DC... but the Fairfax. I visit DC about four times per year and it is always a treat. This boutique hotel makes everyone feel special. Each and every time I check in, I have my bag sent to the room and I go to visit with Raul at the bar. The Parinni cocktail is delicious and Raul makes you feel like you are home visiting with a long-time friend. The Fairfax is a fabulous property and it is truly about the service that is provided by the people working here!<br/><br/>Raul rocks! 
164900936	 This is a great location ( Dupont Circle) and a very nice part of DC. They have a lot of staff saying good morning and making you feel welcome. Only complaint is that they do not provide in-room internet. They have internet but you needed to go down to the lobby. There were quite a few business people staying at this hotel so I can only imagine that not having internet in a room would be troublesome. Other than that it was a nice hotel. We had reserved a King Superior through Expedia but when we checked in we were given a Standard room. It was very small and there was not a lot of places to put luggage. There was really no where to sit other than a small desk chair. From the photos I thought we were getting a room that had a sitting area. <br/>We did have dinner one night at the restaurant 21Prime. It was very good. Terrific steak dinner and nice wait staff. We would definitely stay here again. 
164810246	 One night stay for sight seeing with a teen age daughter. The hotel is very close to the DC Metro, Duport Circle stop (take the Q street exit). Everyone was helpful and polite. The room was nicely appointed, clean and comfortable. We would definitely stay here again. And we were on a SPG free night but were treated first class. 
164797886	 This hotel was great for us. It was in a good location only a couple blocks from the Metro. Staff was pleasant and hotel very clean. We would stay here again. We did not eat in the restaurant at hotel because we were always out and about but regretted missing out on it. 
164662646	 I really like the Fairfax! The location is great and I love to walk around the neighborhood. I have stayed at this hotel several times and normally have an enjoyable stay. My last trip I experienced internet problems-I think because of my room location (I was at the end of a long hall facing the dumpster and parking lot). As a starwood platinum I sometimes will score a room upgrade, which is nearly impossible at the Fairfax. Also, rather than getting a room with a street view I usually end up looking at a parking lot or building. 
164167344	 Really appreciate the property and service, especially the front desk team. My flight to DC was severely delayed so I missed one of the two room nights. Things were hectic as my family and I were doing a two-week cross country trip so we had to miss one day in DC or come back after our planned tour. The management team understood this and made an arrangement so that we could finish our original plan. Pretty sure I will stay at this property only whenever I'm in town. 
168646079	 We were very pleased with this hotel and would stay again. It is an elegant property in a great location. It is a short walk to Dupont Circle, with restaurants and metro. Upon arrival, someone opens the door for you, someone else greets you in the lobby, and the desk staff are accommodating and attentive. The furnishings are also elegant. Our king room wasn't huge, but sufficient, and well worth what we paid. The bed was comfortable and the washroom was ample. The cleaner appeared to be quite attentive as well, except for the fridge. The air conditioner was fairly loud when it came on (meant constantly changing the TV volume), but given it was over 100 degrees in DC, the AC was probably more active than it would normally have been. The restaurant seemed nice, but a little pricey for us so we ate mostly at fast food restaurants around Dupont circle. 
168486387	 The room we had at his hotel was quite beautiful! Lots of light, extremely comfortable bed, attentive staff. The lobby is dark wood and looks quite formal. The light and comfortable rooms are a nice surprise. Location was great - just off Dupont Circle in a stunning neighbourhood. Highly recommend. 
168242064	 Almost everything about our stay here was perfect, the room had a great view, comfortable bed, and was spacious. The only negative thing was the carpet was covered with spots. I didn't say anything for two reasons; I didn't want to change rooms and lose the view or the king bed and I didn't want to walk on damp carpet (have had that done to me before in other hotels with no warning) 
168047666	 We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel. It is quaint and elegant. Everything we needed and wanted. The staff was nice and accommodating. The concierge was informative and made great recommendations on dining (the Hamilton) and tours (DC by Foot for Arlington Cemetary, Onboard night tour of monuments and of course Joe of Congressional Tours). The bar was perfect and many people were in the bar enjoying a drink and an appetizer. We had a rollaway for our son and it fit in the room without a problem and did not take up our space. The shower had a thermostat. Oh yes we can't forget that the hairdryer actually had a the little tip on the end for styling your hair-I have never seen that and it saved me because we just had a carryon that did not accommodate the hair dryer! They changed the magazines in the room halfway between our stay-that was a first. The clock radio accommodated my IPhone for charging. The only criticism was the restaurant for breakfast. It was way overpriced compared to other hotel breakfasts that we ate at other days and it was not anything above ordinary. I would recommend taking a stroll somewhere else for breakfast. The location was great for walking to Dupont Circle for dinners and shopping with easy access to the Metro for sightseeing. 
167975469	 After a long day of driving to DC, we were greeted by a wonderful Door Ambassador, who was a young guy working in the night of 6/30/13 (I am horrible with remembering names). He brought our bags in for us as well as assisted us up to our room. The Front Desk Agent (on the evening of 6/30/13), who's name also escapes me right now, was so sweet and welcoming and was quick to give us great recommendations on places to dine for the evening. Once we arrived in our room, we did notice that it was very humid and a little warm in our room. We never did mention this at all to the staff, however, we really didn't care since we were rarely inside. Throughout our stay, we could not help notice how nice and welcoming all of the staff at the hotel was! Wonderful customer service throughout, especially, Elisabeth and Peter (The Concierges) who helped us a lot dealing with our shuttle for the airport that took forever to arrive and Harry, the Door Ambassador who made my day with his personality that shines and knowing how to make guests truly feel special. Thank you for a great stay! 
167856536	 We got into D.C. the afternoon of July 4th and it took us and hour to get to the hotel from the airport because they had closed most of the roads. When we finally got to the hotel we received a very nice welcome and were surprised at how nice our room was. I was on the back side and very quite. All the personal touches were in the room, bath robes included. The bathroom was very well appointed. We walked from the hotel to the Lincoln memorial which was about a mile away, it was 97 outside which made the walk seem longer. If you want to see the mall in D.C. I would recommend something closer. This was a very nice hotel and our room was outstanding. 
120600950	 I attended a conference here and enjoyed the hotel very much. The service, in particular, was outstanding. Every staff member was courteous, attentive, and efficient. I will definitely consider staying here again the next time I'm in Washington. 
120540147	 The Fairfax on Embassy Row, is what you would expect from a Hotel with this zip code, Accommodating staff, helpful doormen, experienced concierge, beautiful surroundings.<br/>The facilities were clean and nicely appointed but our hot water in our room (426) was a trickle (I wonder how the maid cleaned with no hot water) the rug in the room had several large stains in the hall way just out side the bathroom and close to the window. <br/>The room size was a standard size with 2 full beds. Poor lighting for applying makeup for 2 women, only the bathroom had a mirror and light.<br/>The Jockey Club restaurant was expensive for breakfast @ $4. for 2 pieces of toast and $6. for a side of ham the size of your fist.<br/>The location is great just 2 blocks from DuPont Circle, we arrived at 9:30 am and our room was ready and the staff was very helpful and welcoming 
120469462	 We stayed two nights at the Fairfax and enjoyed it very much. It is an older hotel which is very up-to-date. The rooms are very nicely appointed and despite facing the street are quiet. The restaurant at the hotel was the famous Jockey Club. It has beautiful oil paintings of horse racing and a pretty good menu. The breakfast was a very nice buffet with everything you would want. It is located near Dupont Circle and there are many nice places to walk and shop nearby. 
120438153	 Stayed for 6 nights and really have no issue with this hotel. DIdnt use it much in terms of facilities,but it's location was excellent for a top notch hotel. A couple of minutes walk from Dupont Circle Metro station. (15min walk to the White House) Used the bar in the hotel and it was nice way to relax after walking the sights of Washington.<br/>Everything is close by, shops, bars and all the restaurants you want in terms of price. We were on the 4th floor, and it was nice and peaceful.<br/>Room was excellent, comfortable bed and seated area and a fab flat screen tv. The bathroom was huge and plenty of toiletries, bigger towels maybe.<br/>We did alot of sightseeing, so really the hotel served its purpose for a restful night.<br/>Checkin was stress free and the doormen always pleasant, no matter what time of the day we walked through.<br/>If I was to stay here again, would make more use of the hotel. Glad I stayed here on my 1st trip to DC. 
120402142	 We arrived late since our flight was delayed and the staff where very supportive and helpful in helping us find a suitable venue for a late snack. They printed us a list of possibilities including spots for a night cap. CHEERS! Once we made it back to the room, the bed was surprisingly comfortable with plush linens. The towels and robes provided were like new; definitely not the usual ragged, abrasive ones that could be used as sandpaper. The hotel common areas, like the room, are very tidy and clean. I especially liked the fresh red roses all over the lobby. The hotel is literally a block and a half from Dupont Circle, a block from the Metro and a nice twenty minute walk on Connecticut AVE towards the Mall. So its ok to eat up since you’ll need to energy to walk around this fantastic city. 
120394230	 A pleasant hotel with friendly staff. The price is you pay is reflective of the service. I would stay here again. 
59179356	 Husband and I traveled to DC to meet up with sister and brother-in-law. We got a great rate, and the rooms were charming and clean. Room was not huge, but was very nicely decorated and the bathroom was spacious and nicely appointed. Staff was quietly friendly, available when needed but not too pushy. Location was fantastic, easy walk to metro, with plenty of restaurants around, and the beautiful Embassy buildings in every direction. Bar was nice, did not try the restaurant. Used the business center to print boarding passes for return flight, took only seconds. Will definitely return. 
59001451	 the room: disappointing: no bath mat, no shampoo, stained rugs in bedroom, small room, light pouring in through the doorway all night long.<br/><br/>breakfast too expensive, waiter at breakfast breaking in every few moments to ask 'is everything ok?' as if someone had trained him that this question is highly correlated with good service.<br/>i dont think 4 and a half stars id remotely right. must be an east german judge - teh form was filled out ahead of time 
58573335	 The Fairfax at Embassy Row is a perfectly pleasant place at which to stay, within close reach of the Dupont Circle stop on the Metro (the line connects directly to Union Station), and is in a neighborhood full of shops and restaurants. The rooms are very pleasantly decorated, and come with a fair amount of storage space, though the rooms themselves are not overly large. The only minor quibbles with the room that I had was a rather noisy air conditioning unit, and the in-room safe push buttons needed repair or replacement -the first combination that I gave the safe couldn't be re-entered to open it, due to over-use of the #1 button. 
57896854	 Hotel location is very convenient, a few minutes walk from Dupont Circle Metro station. Hotel staff are not very friendly but okay. Room was relatively small especially bathroom was very small. There was a fridge right next to a drawer where TV was put, but oddly the door of fridge was facing to window and there was only 1 ft between the window and the fridge. It was almost impossible to use the fridge.<br/>I went to the restaurant in the hotel, and they had very nice food and good service. This was my first time to stay in DC, but I guess this hotel is a very good choice, and I could have a very reasonable room rate. 
57484888	 I surprised my wife for her 50th birthday with a weekend get away to DC (we live 25 miles away) Chose the Fairfax based on high number of positive reviews and great location. Hotel was outstanding from the moment we arrived to the checkout. Beautiful old hotel in perfectly restored condition. They recognized from my reservation that it was special occasion (they get points for that) and upgraded us to nice suite that looked better than the pictures on their website. 40 minutes later, they delivered a complimentary tray of cheeses, fruit and crackers and a nice bottle of wine.(Major points from my wife on this!) Bed was comfortable and luxurious. Every thing throughout stay was perfect - every person was friendly and helpful - concierge was great. Only negative was relatively high price for valet parking ($38 + tax) which meant valet was 1/4 of the room cost. Minor nit in a great experience. Would recommend to friends and family. They made us feel for more special than what we paid. Whoever is running the show there is doing a superb job. 
56486537	 My husband and I was going to travel to Washington DC to see friends and family for a prolonged weekend. It turned out to be the Snowmaggedon period, so I deceded to stay in Sweden. My husband, however, went alone. My booking was made on the internet in connection with my purchase of the flight ticket (KLM), and the money for the entire stay (4 nights) was immediately taken from my account. Since the booking was made in my name, I called the hotel in advance to make sure that they would not make any difficulties for him, especially since he might be late due to the weather situation. At first the front desk having any booking in my name, bur since I had the reservation number they changed their opinion on that. When my husband arrived late at night the story was repeated, i.e. no booking existed, and it took them 20 minutes to find it. Then he was given an ordinary room despite the fact that I had booked and payed for a superior room.<br/>THEN the story was again repeated when he was going to check out - they 1) denied having any booking and 2) that they had recieved any kind of money. Thus he was forced to pay for the room. I called at night when I had returned home and found all the details concerning the booking and the payment. The front desk man (Tony) then (as usual) first denied that there was any booking, then found it but claimed that no money had been payed. I then quoted the transfer data from my credit card company, upon which hiw comment was &quot;Interesting&quot;. I said &quot;Yes, is it not? My brother-in-law is a lawyer, and he think so too&quot;. After one hour the man called back and was mildly apologetic and said that their economy department had indeed found my payment, and that they would put the money back on my husbands credit card.<br/><br/>You wonder if this complete display of incompetence is not, after all, some kind of business idea for a hotel that is not doing too well. Double payment can be nice, and sometimes it might work, i.e., that the guest has not kept the proper documents.<br/><br/>I therefore caution anyone to stay at this hotel!<br/><br/>Eva Svanborg<br/>Linköping, Sweden 
33590034	 Well, I had high hopes for the Fairfax. I will say, it is in a nice area, the rooms are pretty and they have killer lemonade in the lobby. But that's about it.<br/><br/>My room (room 525) had an air conditioner duct in the closet. So every time the air conditoner would shut off, the duct would begin banging loudly. This happened all night, every time the air conditoner shut down. Needless to say, I got very little sleep. It sounded like someone banging on the door. So when I would finally get to sleep, the duct would bang and startle me awake again. The next morning at 9, I asked the front desk to move my family. I continously checked the status and FINALLY at 10 pm I got my new room that was much quieter. But did it really need to take 11 hours for them to find a new room? Also as an FYI, when I complained about the noise in the morning, I asked if they had heard of this issue before, they informed me &quot;not from this room&quot;. So although I can tell you to stay away from room 525, it sounds like you may have this noise issue with other rooms too.<br/><br/>The other family we travelled with, also had a problem. At around 5 pm, they went back to their room to find it hadn't been cleaned. They notified the front desk and was told &quot;housekeeping will get right to it.&quot; When they returned to their room at 10 pm, it still hadn't been cleaned- no towels, etc.<br/><br/>The rooms look nice, but just don't function well. As others mentioned, the coffee maker is on the bar area, but no place to plug it in unless you unplug the TV or move the coffee maker to the bathroom. Just not what you need in the morning when all you want is a cup of coffee!<br/><br/>So although it might look like a 5 star hotel, it surely doesn't run like a 5 star hotel. Find somewhere else to spend your money. 
33409396	 Just stayed in the Fairfax. I had forgotten it was a former Westin, and a cab driver told me it was once a Ritz-Carlton. The location of the hotel is excellent. About a block off DuPont Circle and close to a Metro stop. The hotel lobby is small and not a lot of room to check-in when it is crowded. There are a lot of staff members working in the lobby- a bit too many. They are very helpful. However, when the valet thought I wasn't going to tip him he was a bit busk and when I asked if he was the valet that brought my car I got a &quot;yeah.&quot; I think the hotel needs to continue training the staff, but they are very helpful and willing. I got an outstanding deal on SPG.com, so the room was on the small end. It was well appointed. The bed was comfortable and there was a nice flat screen. My coffee maker was in the room, but the desk lamp had an outlet so I did not have to move it. When I went to make coffee there was an old coffee filter in the basket. I did alert the front desk and the manager made a note of it. Again, the staff needs more training. As nice was the room was I too would not say this is at Luxury Collection level, but it is very nice. I have stayed in almost every Starwood hotel in DC, including the St. Regis, and this is certainly a nice hotel. I suspect the quality of the Jockey Club restaurant helps it with the rating; I did not try the restaurants. I did use the health club, which is fairly small. There were several cardio machines, but basically only a limited universal for weights. The cold bottled water, apples and cold wash clothes were a nice touch. If you want a nice casual meal- try Pizza Pomadoro. It is moving soon so check the address. 
33159583	 I just stayed here for two nights for my son's college orientation. Although I loved the location, and yes the hotel was comfortable, I would not say it deserves the Luxury rating. My room was nicely appointed with two queen beds, flat screen tv, etc. A coffee maker was in the room by the tv but I had to move it into the bathroom to be able to plug it in and use it. The two worst things were the view of the garbage area and my toilet was not clean when I first entered the room. Having 3 boys I just sucked it up and cleaned the spots myself but was not happy. I didn't try the restaurant or bar and maybe those are what bump up the rating, who knows.I enjoyed the Westin on M street much more. 
32801121	 The last time we were in DC we stayed at the Westin on Embassy Row - it was a little tired but still charming enough that we decided to stay there again during our 30 day road trip. When we heard it was changed to the Fairfax we were concerned it wouldn't be as nice as before but decided to take a chance anyway. <br/>The hotel was completely renovated &amp; is beyond beautiful - it's fabulous. the rooms are smaller then they were before - they have added more rooms - but the rooms have everything in them that anyone could want - including a tv &amp; phones in the bathroom!<br/>Also, a feature I always like - the sink &amp; dressing table are in a separate room from the toilet &amp; shower.<br/>The staff could not have been nicer or more helpful.<br/>If I had to complain about anything it would be the cost of breakfast - too expensive.<br/>Other then that, this is hotel I would strongly recommend when coming to DC - short walk to Dupont Circle &amp; transportation. 
32711451	 This hotel was a great base for a five-day visit to Washington DC. We arrived at 1 PM and our room was not ready. There was a mixup in my reservations...I had two nights on a AAA rate (great deal!) and two nights on Starwood points. They had somehow changed one of the reservations from two queen beds to two full beds, but when I showed them my copy of the reservation, they quickly accommodated us in the two queen bed room for all four nights. However, that room wouldn't be ready until 6:30 PM...they gave us a different room from 3 PM to 6:30 PM to hang out in (and we all needed naps, so that was great). <br/><br/>The rooms themselves are very high end, with nice touches like a large flat-screen TV, quality iPod dock, dimmable desk lamp, and temperature control on the bath/shower. The hotel was quiet and comfortable. In-room and turndown service were fantastic, except the last night where they forgot to do turndown. Small additional touches were filling the ice bucket in the evening and that an elevator was almost always ready and available in the lobby. <br/><br/>The staff were very kind, welcoming, and helpful. The door was almost always held open, with at least three staff greeting you and welcoming you back upon return. They had great restaurant suggestions and taxis were always available. The DuPont Circle metro stop is less than five minutes' walk and there is a Starbucks, a bagel joint, a 24 hour CVS, and new Le Pain Quotdien around the corner. Some reviews had complained about the Jockey Club being limited and having a dress code...who cares? We never wanted to eat there anyway.<br/><br/>I would stay here again in a heartbeat, either alone on business or with my family. I am sure that when the economy turns around, there won't be the kind of deals we found for this hotel. Stay here while you can afford to! 
31097636	 Me and my girlfriend stayed at this hotel for 5 days during memorial day 2009. Everything about this hotel was amazing. From the attendants who took our baggage when we arrived, to the front desk which was so good at letting us check in at 11 am instead of waiting until 3! That was a big plus. Everyone was kind and polite throughout our stay. The hotel was very clean and the maids did a great job at both house keeping and during the turn down service, they even organized our bathroom supplies for us! 2 minor defects though 1. the bathroom door would not close all the way, which was fine since I was there with my girlfriend but could be unnerving for people who are not intimate and 2. the final bill did not reflect my discount through SPG but I caught it early and was fixed by check out time. Very close to the metro which was a big plus. I would stay here again for sure! 
208533313	 We had a fantastic time. The service was exceptional. The concierge, John Johnson took a lot of time yo plan out our itinerary for our first trip to DC. The doormen were extremely helpful with directions and even housekeeping took the time to make us feel welcome. The only issue was breakfast. Although it was free, it wasn't worth it.<br/><br/>California Dream Team 
208255873	 My family and I recently stayed at the Fairfax for a family wedding. We encountered an issue with our room the first night, through no fault of the hotel's staff. I reported the issue and requested that we be moved to a different room for the balance of our stay. The front desk and managerial staff immediately assisted with my request, without hesitation or resistance. They proceeded to be more attentive to me and the process than I've ever experienced at other hotels (and I've stayed in many, of all levels of quality). In particular, Ertug Ersoy, the Front Office Manager, and Roy, who was the night desk manager the night that the issue occurred and who was there in the morning when I requested the room change, kept me informed throughout the process and made the room change as seemless as possible. Being a large family affair, other issues came up (again, nothing to do with the hotel -- sandals left in the room we left, etc.), each of which Ertug and his staff tended to with promptness, grace and courtesy. Thank you to Ertug, Roy and the hotel staff. 
208086955	 Stayed there for a long weekend. Great location very close to Dupont Circle, Phillips Collection and many embassies. Beautiful hotel with an &quot;old-world&quot; feel to it, and very a comfortable room. The staff was friendly and very helpful with suggestions about placed to eat and places to visit. Wonderful experience all around. 
207738532	 We had never stayed here before when we booked, but had seen online that it came highly recommended. From the minute we checked in, we were treated royally. Quatina, at the front desk, was exceptional. She was like our personal valet. Phenomenal. As a Platinum SPG member, I must say I am used to being treated well, and the Fairfax did not disappoint. - upgrade at check-in, advice on everything from sightseeing to dining, everything was great. Hotel was first-rate. With all amenities. Rooms, clean, well-appointed and service was impeccable. Only slight criticism is that sound- proofing between rooms was not perfect. We heard early morning babies and kids next door quite clearly, unfortunately. Otherwise, great. And buffet breakfast was great. Location is just off DuPont circle, in a safe and high class neighbourhood 1 block from subway, and lots of shops and restaurants in easy walking distances. We'll be back. 
207655929	 My family and I stayed at this lovely hotel for 4 days during Georgetown's graduation ceremonies. Could have been hectic and impersonal. Instead, we had one of the most personal and personalized experiences we have had at a luxury hotel. From the front desk to the concierge - to the rooms management and staff - to catering and hotel dining, we were taken care of beautifully. The location is excellent - just two blocks from Dupont Circle and surrounded by wide boulevards and embassies. It is easy to get anywhere from here - by foot or by subway. And there are a plethora of restaurants and services nearly.. We stayed in a suite on the top floor with spectacular views of the city. 
207527300	 I went to D.C. for a weekend shopping trip, and was extremely happy to come across this hotel. The staff were all so friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and comfortable. Very quiet and well maintained hotel. Easy walking to Dupont Circle shops and restaurants. Walking distance to shopping in Georgetown. Loved the Jockey Room, their onsite famous restaurant. I had breakfast and dinner here. Food and service were exceptional. 
180334999	 Wesley Tan was extremely helpful and professional. I was traveling with our County Executive and Assistant Director and Wesley helped to assure that everything went smoothly including check in. We had an early flight and Wesley cleared the way for an early check in. <br/><br/>On the other hand, Idelia, the bartender over charged us for drinks on our last day. One of us ordered a vodka by name (ketel one), but Idelia charged us the same price for well drinks. Maybe it's a language barrier, but we were charged $11.00 per drink for all. It's a beeautiful bar, but that was a disappointment. 
179504280	 We were here for a wedding. Being big fans of Starwood, we have to say this hotel was the best of both worlds -- local/boutique feel while also maintaining Starwood standards.<br/><br/>Location - great!<br/><br/>Rooms - small but very adequate and nicely appointed<br/><br/>Service - good<br/><br/>Ballrooms - very nice 
179283006	 Staff is in total- doorman to front desk to concierge- really incredible. Late night, early morning, anytime. Concierge not only makes great recommendations (told me about Kramerbooks cafe with my late arrival- read separate review- WOW). Then he wanted to know if it was good. Quick check in, check out. Quiet rooms- ask for higher floors. Ideal? window on Massachusetts Ave.<br/>Looking forward to next visit. They will &quot;welcome back&quot;. Tried exercise room for first time which was good. 
179241593	 When I walked into this hotel with an unassuming entrance foyer, I must say that my expectations were not excessive. Starwood properties are generally nice, and provide a nice &quot;floor&quot; for quality standards. To be perfectly honest I was a bit put off by the more dated elements of the hotel. The pictures that I saw led me to assume that there might be some wear&amp;tear.<br/><br/>The hotel was simply gorgeous and classy. There was a wonderful-sounding grand piano, and there were lounge areas within the first floor beyond the small lobby.<br/><br/>What makes this a luxury hotel? The staff. My party received outstanding service from Katie, who was the night manager at the hotel. We came in with a million questions, and she was able to help with every single issue without breaking a sweat. This level of customer service permeated through other staff, from valet who worked relentlessly in the DC heat, to the front desk greeters who kindly remembered my name and our last conversations.<br/><br/>The room itself was a step above. Supremely comfortable bed, large bathroom with a thermometer gauge for the water temperature (a first), and even a robe to change into. The location of the hotel was great - close to Dupont Circle, but that extra block away means it's quiet and unassuming. Highly recommended hotel and staff. 
178886734	 When I say &quot;surprisingly,&quot; I mean that in the old days in Washington, this was one worn out hotel! I lived in DC for many years and, trust me, this was a dowager of a hotel, known for it's history (lots of famous political types lived here when it was mainly apartments &quot;back in the day&quot; and lots more used to frequent its restaurant) but as a hotel it was long of tooth. I stayed here once several years ago when I believe it was a Westin and it clearly had become a block booking, meeting type of place. This past week, I stayed here because the Jefferson was full, and I was looking for something in the neighborhood and thought, &quot;why not?&quot; since Starwood seemed to have upped it to more luxurious status (plus I found a great rate online.) I was genuine surprised at how nice the room was, how large it was, how clean and decently appointed. Staff was friendly and thoughtful. On the negative side, the damn Wi-Fi charges which always set me off, but I knew it when I booked. Business center charges were also a bit off-the-charts, especially printing. And the bar scene was disappointing. Cube dwellers from flyover states in town for a meeting. But on the whole, a pleasant surprise. No, it's not the Jefferson, but you could do a lot worse plus it has a lot more rooms to fill, so you're more likely to find some decent deals online. 
178645768	 Just returned from a long weekend stay at The Fairfax. We had a Deluxe Room on the 6th floor with two queen beds and the room was spacious with a beautiful view of Embassy Row. The beds were truly comfortable. We really enjoyed how friendly and helpful the staff were at every encounter. The location couldn't be better for walking this amazing city. Surprisingly, the hotel bar was a pretty hopping place! The bartender was, like every other staff person at The Fairfax, very friendly and accommodating. 
116591289	 If you are looking for the quintessential luxury hotel - this is one of them. Service was excellent. Furnishings and decor made me feel like I was in another place and time. They even included a full size umbrella in the closet (which came in VERY handy for August in DC). Staff were attentive and friendly. Highly recommend it (especially if you need an SPG stay and the weekend rate is reasonable) 
116579329	 Stayed at this hotel on a recent trip to DC. Proximity to Dupont Square is excellent - only a couple of blocks from the Metro and a bunch of restaurants. Room was very spacious and very nice. Staff was friendly and helpful. Highly recommend! 
116578105	 Got a great deal on this hotel through Hotwire. Right by Dupont Circle and the metro. Next door to Anderson House, which is very interesting to tour. Comfortable rooms and very friendly staff. I would definitely return. 
116487254	 Easy Customer Service Opportunity that was missed. My husband and I just got married 3 days ago and wanted to spend our honeymoon at the Fairfax since we have been there many times before; and even were engaged while staying there. Several days prior to our check-in, I e-mailed the hotel manager through the hotel's website, explained that it was our honeymoon and requested a quiet room within the hotel as a courtesy since we are frequent customers. I never heard back from the manager and upon checking in, we were still dressed in our wedding attire---and no one congratulated us, nor offered any sort of recognition of our special celebration----obviously no one cared. We got to our room and noticed that our request was ignored- we were put into a room right across from the elevators---so much for quiet---there was traffic back and forth in front of our room at all hours. I haplessly looked around the room for a complemetary bottle of champagne or even flowers from the manager- nope, nothing! I can understand that the manager wouldn't care to help us celebrate our special day if we booked through a third-party vendor, but I specifically booked through their website in the hopes that our celebration would be made special by staff that cared. Lesson learned. Repeat customers obviously are overlooked. I have had many friends travel to hotels on a first-time basis for their honeymoon and receive not only congrats at the door- but comps from management to help celebrate their very special time. I think that although this has been our staple go-to hotel in DC; this will be our last stay. 
116452308	 The Fairfax Embassy Row is in a very convenient location right near the Dupony Circle metrostop and a nice 20 min walk to Georgetown.<br/>The hotel is a nice blending of modern convenience and classical elegance, e.g., dark polished woods, oval shaped lamps, high-thread count Italian bedlinens, Frette robes etc. Furnishings throughout the hotel are comfortable and tasteful with red capets, a baby grand piano, and marble bathrooms. Even the memopads are <br/>in beautiful black leather holders. The toiletries are also first-class. For a little hotel it definitely does its best and cares about details.<br/><br/>The staff is very pleasant and tries very hard to make one's stay enjoyable. 
116352108	 I have now stayed at the Fairfax four times in the last few months and will be back again soon and often. This is a nice hotel with great staff. There never seems to be a wait for the front desk, elevator, or anything. Two complaints: 1) the rooms are on the small side, but very well appointed. 2)no pool. This hotel is in a great neighborhood, very nice for taking an evening stroll. Also, it is located 2 blocks from the Dupont Circle metro. 
154518630	 The Wife and I stayed here for our anniversary. If you don't know, DuPont Circle and Adams Morgan are probably the best areas in DC for nightlife. This hotel is right in the heart of it just off the circle. Great neighborhood and a great hotel. A very classy spot with an elegant feel. Rooms are a bit tiny but very comfortable. The staff could not have been nicer. Valet parking was definitely an added bonus. A little pricey for my budget but come on, it's in the heart of DC. Whaddya want? Would definitely stay here again. 
154413501	 My daughter and I stayed here for four nights last week and we were so impressed by the attentiveness of the hotel staff. Every time we passed through the doors or lobby, we were greeted with smiles and welcomes; and the concierge was extremely helpful. The location of the hotel is perfect -- a block from the DuPont Circle Metro and within steps of numerous restaurants and coffee shops. Embassies and residential housing make up the surrounding area; and therefore, you don't have traffic noise. The rooms were an average size and well maintained. I definitely would stay here again on my next trip to DC! 
154263875	 The room was small, but well appointed with high quality linens and furniture. The building itself was very well maintained, clean and centrally located. The service was excellent and very friendly - the door man remembered me and always said &quot;see you soon&quot; or &quot;welcome home&quot; when I came and went. The hotel bar was perfect. Large space, good for socializing or working, great drinks, great food and very reasonably priced. I will definitely stay here again. 
154195080	 We stayed for a couple of nights in Dec. 2012 . We felt very special as that's the way we where treated by the staff. The room was very nice. If you've never stayed here, the location is superb. It's located in an area that is very residential and not that &quot;down town&quot; commercial feeling. Easy walk to DuPont circle and neighborhood restaurants. Felt very safe.<br/><br/>Will go back again. Rick &amp; Laura 
153853320	 We stayed here iwth our 4 &amp; 7 y.o. children. The staff was fantastic and very gracious in acccomodating my young family. Raul in the hotel lounge went out of his way to make us feel welcome. I was concerned the hotel lounge would be too posh to bring my children in for a meal, but circumstances and cold made the lounge the best option for us. Raul was so warm and welcoming any concerns I had went out the door with his exceptional service. Our waiter for Sunday buffet was also very gracious and welcoming. I can't say enough good things about the staff. Exceptional! Will most certainly be back. 
153461280	 Nice, OLD hotel in the DuPont Circle section of Washington, DC. Front Desk staff is professional, courteous and sophisticated. Room (upgraded) is old, but nicely furnished with amenities including current magazines, complimentary water and chocolates. Room service was very quick and delivered by a very professional waiter.<br/><br/>There was noise coming from adjacent rooms, I usually sleep with ear plugs in a hotel so it did not impact my stay.<br/><br/>Convenient to Embassy Row, DuPont Circle Metro, Phillips Collection, etc. 
125986855	 I have stayed at this hotel in the past when I believe it had a different name. On those occasions I thought of the hotel as worn, needing updating and with poor service. When I booked the hotel this time I noticed that it was significantly less expensive than other hotels I considered and on top of that they had a 4th night free offer (I was only there 3 nights so didn't use). The price also included breakfast. With such a good price I thought that I would have the same old, worn impression but I couldn't resist the low price.<br/>I was very pleasantly surprised on arrival. The service was excellent, I was upgraded to a small suite which was very nice and clean. It felt nice and fresh. The style of the hotel and rooms is old but that doesn't mean worn. The bathroom had a nice shower with a mechanical temperature indicator, don't think I've ever seen that before. The bed was super comfortable.<br/>The rooms are not large, even with the suite upgrade it was small but very functional.<br/>The gym had nice, new equipment and the room was good sized with lots of windows.<br/>The lobby area is also small but looks good. I only had breakfast in the hotel restaurant, it was a large buffet including hot food. Service was good and the restaurant was beautiful. When breakfast is included in the room rate I expect a lot less than I got in this restaurant.<br/>There are many restaurants within a 10 minute walk. Starbucks is just around the corner, less than 3 minutes away. It takes about 5 minutes to walk to the metro station.<br/>The hotel has a bar which is so inviting that it's just about impossible to walk past it and not sit down for a drink.<br/>As it is an old building it is beautiful and has some interesting details and features. One is that the walls seem to be rather thick, I heard no noise whatsoever from my bedroom. From the &quot;living room&quot; area I constantly heard music though. At first I thought it was a neighbor but then I figured out that my room was right above the main entrance to the hotel and there are speakers at the entrance playing music 24x7. It wasn't very loud and I couldn't hear it at all from my bedroom but if you are sensitive to noise you may want to get a room further away from the entrance.<br/>Overall I was impressed with this hotel and I will come back an stay there when visiting Washington DC. 
125942946	 Our family of five, including three teenagers, stayed here for four nights. The room was more than adequate for five, finely appointed and very comfortable. The entire staff was beyond friendly and courteous; the hotel was very clean; dinner in the restaurant, 2100 Prime, was well executed and tasty, though dinner another night in the bar was a bit disappointing, mostly due to the amount of time we waited for the food. Location near Metro and great breakfast spots were handy. I cannot say enough about the helpfulness of the concierge, Peter; he had great insider tips, good suggestions for restaurants, and even helped prior to our arrival with some museum reservations. We would absolutely stay here again. 
125680349	 Stayed at the hotel for 2 nights. As a SPG platinum was upgraded to a suite. The room was great, nice turn down service. The location is great right by metro. The pillow were too soft as all hotels but the towels were some of the nicest I have had in a hotel. 
125481252	 The staff greets you by name, the structure is historic, beautiful and well maintained and the rooms are clean, large and comfortable. There is clear attention to detail. I hope to stay here again. 
125250132	 Stayed here for 3 nights. Received an excellent rate affiliated with AAA membership and was properly recognized and upgraded as SPG Platinum. Very comfortable room and well-appointed bathroom. All staff (including doormen and maids) are exceedingly polite and professional. Really enjoyed the pub which is decorated in a classic fashion. Only real complaint is fitness room isn't quite up to par for a hotel like this. 
125209055	 I recently took my four children on a road trip to DC and stayed at the Fairfax after a friend made the recommendation. We booked on Hotels.com for a terrific rate. Our two rooms were quite nice, clean and the beds were comfortable. The staff was friendly and accommodating. We had breakfast at the hotel in the morning and braced ourselves for the usual big bill for a family of six and were pleasantly surprised that the waiter and manager decided to charge us half price for the children's meals, even my two teenagers. It's definitely a family friendly hotel. <br/><br/>The concierge was extremely helpful in directing us to the museum's we wanted to visit and gave us some recommendations for dinner. We plan to return in the late spring and will definitely stay here again. Valet parking was additional, but our room rate was so low the extra $40 didn't bother us. It's right around the corner from a Starbucks and a bunch of restaurants we'd like to check out next time we're in town. <br/><br/>Overall, I think the Fairfax is a great value. 
214521536	 My husband and I decided to take a short honeymoon like trip to DC on July 4th long weekend. Choosing The Fairfax at Embassy Row was the best thing we could do! Great accommodations and service, superb location (blocks from Dupont Cr.) and our room view was spectacular!! We were able to watch the fireworks from our room enjoying a bottle of nice cool Prosecco thanks to room service. Best long weekend stay ever! 
213638978	 We booked this hotel a few months back and we're not disappointed for the money we paid<br/>Pros: beautiful bedroom, well appointed<br/> News papers delivered to your door every morning<br/> Good location but not great<br/> Very clean hotel<br/> Valet service is excellent<br/>Cons: Some of the bell service personnel were not attentive and were often seen on their cell phones, some times they were missing in action from the entry way<br/> Outside of hotel is dated and looked like an older brick building, and not outstanding in appearance <br/>Conceirge were not very helpful<br/>Dupont circle was often frequented with homeless people and not well kept. 
213559430	 Very average hotel. This was advertised by Starwood as a 4.5 star hotel. Not even close. Its a 3* on a good day. Generally clean, but very dated. Peeling wallpaper, 1 inch gaps at the bottom of the room door, and old windows that don't keep the sound out. Dead spiders in the window pane.<br/><br/>On a positive note the staff and management were great. After I called Starwood guest services about my unhappiness, they spoke with management, who gave me an immediate refund (I prepaid the week at SPG.com).<br/><br/>Guess I should have known that a suite for $144 is going to have issues. 
213398934	 A mile away from the business district and tucked among Embassies the hotel is a throwback of wood paneled elevators and lush beddings- excellent sleep quality in this quiet corner yet around the corner is Dupont circle withits restaurants and bars- Although some of the younger staff at the front desk could be testy- confidence is returned by some of the older more traditional hotel front desk officer. definitely a starwood luxury hotel.. 
213211810	 It is a little worn, but nice. The staff was very good. The location is great for DuPont Circle, and not that far from the major DC attractions. I would stay there again. It is very close to many embassies, thus the name! 
212870292	 Lovely hotel with helpful, friendly staff. I cannot say enough about the service - door held open, taxi's secured immediately. Well appointed, comfortable rooms. Wedding reception was held on-site in an elegant room. 
121282419	 This centrally located luxury hotel is not only a congenial and comfortable resting place for the weary traveller; but due to its location near Dupont Circle it is also an ideal spot from which to explore the wonderful array of offerings that can be found in Washington DC. <br/>The staff, from the doorman to the reception staff are unfailingly polite and helpful, even when under the pressure of a 'full house'. On our last visit, my girlfriend had inadvertently booked the wrong dates, and despite a medical conference taking most of the hotels in town, the unflappable desk attendant managed to find us a lovely room and no extra charge was added for our error. The rooms are comfortable and well appointed, with great beds. Well done Fairfax. 
121149445	 Wonderful Experience. Great Service. Perfect Location 
121144060	 Awesome location and very nice rooms. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We chose to catch breakfast at the Starbucks about a half a block away, then catch the metro to the Smithsonian. Could not have been more convenient and easy. Charming holiday decorations. We were a large family in multiple rooms. 
121136816	 We really had a great time staying here. The suites were beautiful. Lots of history with the place. The restaurant was superb and affordable. The location is awesome!!!! Central and very accessible with the Metro. 
121134676	 Wow! Just returned from spending Thanksgiving 2011 at the Fairfax. Having stayed at hundreds of hotels thru the years, here's a quick list of why I think the Fairfax is the best hotel we've ever stayed at:<br/>~We were greated by name as we walked in each time by the staff.<br/>~2-3 Doormen waited on us at the door.<br/>~Super quiet-slept like a baby on a great bed.<br/>~The room was immaculate..beautiful.<br/>~The area is super-cool-right in the middle of Embassy Row.<br/>~Starbucks just down the block.<br/>~Great deal found on the internet(at least half price!)<br/>and on and on.<br/>In a word...treat yourself and stay there sometime in 2012! 
121100854	 We have stayed here before. We are Starwood Preferred guests. <br/><br/>We were upgraded to the 8th floor and to a very nice, large corner room with two queen beds and assorted furniture. We stayed in this room before and really liked it -- our family of four with two young children. However, this time when we arrive at the room, we were greeted with an incredibly loud child in the adjoining room. The porter recognized the issue without our even saying anything and took us back to the front desk for a reassignment. We were given two adjoining rooms at the back of the hotel -- in the alley. The rooms were not Starwood quality and the alleyway was quite dark and foreboding. We asked to move one more time. The front desk was very accommodating and relocated us to two more (not connecting because they were sold out) rooms in the front of the hotel. The front desk exhibited absolutely no attitude about our requests to change. They were lovely. <br/><br/>Only once did staff mess up -- they forgot my wake-up call. <br/><br/>The gym has three ellipticals, two stationary bikes and 4 or 5 treadmills. There are also a universal weight machine, some balls and free weights. Except for the fact that some of the televisions on the machines did not have a picture (only sound), the equipment was quite nice -- really smooth.<br/><br/>We will certainly stay here again. They location is unbeatable and the price is right. 
124686800	 I stayed one night at the Fairfax at Embassy Row. I was in Washington, D.C. for a business meeting, and wanted to find a nice hotel at a great price. I found a $119 (plus tax) rate on the hotel's website, and snatched it up. I knew that this hotel used to be a Ritz-Carlton around 10 - 15 years ago, and that it was now a Starwood Luxury Collection Hotel, so I was counting on it being nice. The reception was very good. Both the valet who parked our car, and the man at the reception desk were all very friendly and welcoming. The hotel lobby is very small, but they have a great bar/lounge area in the back, and it was very warm and inviting, with wood and leather throughout. I could have stayed at the bar for hours.<br/>My room was small, but I expected that for such a low rate. I am not one of those whiners who expects to get upgraded to a suite when you pay a really low rate. But the room was fine, had a very comfy bed, and windows that opened out for a view of Massachussetts Ave. Very nice bathroom, but the shower was very awkward. It looks like they replaced the old bathtub with a glassed in shower, but in order to turn on the shower, you have to get into the shower and turn the shower head to the wall or else you'll get soaked just turning on the water. The water pressure was very good, and the amenities were very nice, including the complimentary robe. <br/>The closet was strange, as the clothes rod was low, but my dresses did not hit the floor, so it was OK. There was a safe and ironing board/iron in the closet. The single most bad thing in my room (and I'm presuming that it was only my room, and not every other room in the hotel), is that right inside my door there was a locked door with louvers in it, and there was something mechanical in there that gurgled and hissed all the time. Sometimes it sounded like someone was trying to get into my room. Very strange, but I figured, what the heck, I got a cheap room, I'm not expecting the best. <br/>The air conditioning system didn't work well for me. It was set at 72, and I like to sleep in a cool room, so I turned the thermostat to 65. Well, it seemed to get warmer, not cooler. So much so, that I turned off the system and opened a window. This was on a night where the temperatures in D.C. were below freezing. If I were going to be staying more than one night, I would have asked maintenance to take a look at it.<br/>The room had a coffe maker, but the coffee was an off brand, and tasted like it.<br/>Check out was quick and easy. The valet was very helpful again in getting our car/taxis as needed.<br/>I would stay here again, but next time I would not accept the same room. (P.S., I had room 802) 
124605762	 We stayed at this property several months ago for just a night. I booked thru Hotwire and paid about $120 total per night, which means I didn't target this when I looked for am accommodation in DC. We had 2 rooms but structure of rooms were slightly different.<br/>1. Room<br/>Bed was very comfortable and quiet at night. Amenities were excellent as well as furnitures such as desk and chairs. Bathroom was good but it seems to be renovated if they call &quot;luxury collection.&quot; However, I was amazed how they converted the old building to a high-rate hotel. It seems well done, basically.<br/>2. Hotel<br/>Nothing fancy though, it has its own beauty of old building with modern facilities. Oh, elevators are very slow.<br/>3. Parking<br/>There is no self parking. I guess parking garage underground might be bit crampy.<br/>4. Location<br/>It was perfect for us because it is close enough to Dupont Circle by 5 min walking so that we walked there for restaurants and shops. Also, it has some distance for busy trafficking area so that we had a quiet sleep at night.<br/><br/>Overall, it was a quite good hotel based on what I paid for. However, some might disappont because of 'luxury collection' thing. 
124327940	 The Fairfax is a Ritz lite. Very lite. You can hear neighbors through the walls. And you can hear noisy, truck and bus infested Massachusetts Avenue through the windows if you're on that side of the building. The rooms are very simple but comfortable. The bathroom is only a step up from a good motel. My shower was really laughable. The bath spout was a cheap classic from the 1970s that you'd find in any suburban tract house. The shower had a nice leak from the knob that sends the water up to the shower head. And the shower head was a cousin of the 1970s faucet; it must have cost, oh, about a buck fifty. (The Courtyard Marriott in Fredericksburg, VA, has much better bathrooms, newly renovated by a smart designer.) My theory for why the Fairfax is rated so highly: Location, with a capital L. You are surrounded by prestigious embassy buildings, and DuPont Circle is a 3-minute walk down the street. There are a number of good restaurants in the immediate area, and many of the city's most intriguing areas are within easy walking distance: the White House, Georgetown, K Street. The National Cathedral is a bit further but not a long way. Rooms overlooking Mass Ave have an impressive view north, with the cathredral at the extreme left. One valuable feature for those who like fresh air: windows that open. If you are looking for a classic old-school hotel, this is a good choice in a fantastic location. There is some snob factor, but that's because it's not too close to the famous five stars near Georgetown. You'll be comfortable in a dignified atmosphere, with a professional, well-educated clientele. But be prepared for some flaws and half-steps. For about the same money you can do much better in equally prestigious locations. In the DuPont Circle area you might try the Kimpton hotels, Palomar and Topaz, which are &quot;boutique&quot; style hotels with big reps and younger clientele than the Fairfax, though they too have some pitfalls. There's also a Renaissance Hotel at DuPont. Another high quality hotel that surpasses Fairfax in some ways is Sofitel, near the White House. 
124327867	 I have always been a fan of the Fairfax Embassy Row hotel in DC. I have stayed here several times and have suggested several people to stay here as well. My latest visit to the Fairfax proved to be extremely disappointing. I am a Starwood elite member, but NO elite member benefits at this property. My room was no larger than 180 square feet and had no desk/workspace, and the layout was awful (the television is placed perpendicular to the bed) so impossible to watch if sharing the bed with someone, and only possible to watch by lying on your side. Also, my room had a horrible view of the back loading dock. This hotel is part of Starwood's Luxury Collection, again, does not give elite member benefits like bottled water, breakfast, etc. What I did get is a room full of dust and a shower full of mildew (please see the gross pictures). I asked to speak to the manager to show him/her my room and I was told they would come right up, but they never did. <br/><br/>I love the location, but this property has no customer service. I have quite a few reservations at this hotel in the next few months that I am seriously considering canceling 
124318891	 The Fairfax Hotel is located just one or two blocks from Dupont Circle, a major metro hub for DC. It is a little long, but pleasant walk from here to the National Mall as well in the summertime. The Embassy Row neighborhood is gorgeous and there are many great restaurants in walking distance. The interior decor of the hotel is classic, elegant, and colonial. Definitely a little old-school for two young travelers.<br/><br/>We arrived on a very early red-eye flight, and the hotel was nice enough to let us check in early. I had originally booked a room with a single bed, but had requested to switch to a room with two beds. Since we checked in early we were not able to switch our room type.<br/><br/>The room was very small, with a very small queen bed instead of the king bed I would expect in a single-bed room. The walls were pretty thin to the surrounding rooms, but our neighbors were quiet and didn't disturb our sleep.<br/><br/>The hotel was very accommodating to special requests; my significant other wanted to send me something special while I was on vacation, so the hotel arranged for chocolate covered strawberries to be delivered to our room while we were out for the day. They were beautiful and delicious.<br/><br/>We booked this hotel at a very low price on Hotwire, so the value was high, and I would stay here again at that low price, but I don't think I would be willing to pay full price to stay here again. 
124251102	 This hotel was very close (less than two blocks) from the dupont metro, and many fine restaurants on P St. If you like memory foam then you will enjoy the bed. The bathroom is wonderful with a good sized tub. The room was very nice and a corner.<br/><br/>Will warn travelers: Breakfast at Prime was less than prime, and the food at the Fairfax Lounge was mediocre at best. Service was a toss up - you were lucky if one of the many doormen actually got the door. The valet was a bit pricy at $47 a day, but they were fairly quick about bringing the car around.<br/><br/>Overall experience was pleasant and we will probably stay again. 
234583550	 I booked the Fairfax at embassy row Luxury collection hotel through internet last minute with a very good rate deal. We stayed only one night on Saturday with my boyfriend. We get upgraded to a nice deluxe room facing to the Massachusetts avenue.<br/>Our check in experience was great. Door staff welcomed us to the hotel and escorted to the front desk. Young lady at the front desk was very friendly and welcoming . We get some recommendations for museums and restaurants to enjoy our one day trip in DC. It is a very nice location and walking distance to the restaurants and DuPont circle.<br/>Hotel is dated and might need some renovation but we did like the old charmed hotel. We felt like we are in a European hotel. <br/>Our check out day was on Sunday and we ordered breakfast through the room service. I can easily admit that veggie omelet was delicious. <br/>Overall great staff, nice location, do not expect a new product such as furniture etc..<br/>We enjoyed the DC and Fairfax Hotel. 
234531999	 The Fairfax is an elegant, comfortable hotel in a great location. I've stayed there several times and enjoyed the facilities, though the exercise room is not especially well equipped. This week I encountered an annoyance, which I hope the hotel will fix. At 11pm a food delivery (from Seamless.com) arrived for me. Reception called but told me I had to go downstairs to pick it up. The would not allow the delivery person to take it to my room. How inconvenient! This policy is out of sync with other SPG hotels in DC, including St Regis, Westin Georgetown and W. I've recently had food deliveries at all these places....at similar times in the evening. Get with it, Fairfax! 
234432028	 This is a nice hotel surrounded by embassies, and only a few blocks from DuPont Circle. Plenty of restaurant and bar options within walking distance. The rooms are spacious enough. They have typical amenities. There are no balconies. I liked the temperature gauge in the shower. 
234166159	 Both I and my sister have stayed at the Fairfax at Embassy Row three times in a row since &quot;discovering&quot; it and will stay there over any other Washington DC hotel. The location is superb in its proximity to Georgetown, the rooms are very comfortable and the hotel has great character. The staff makes you feel at home, and most impressive is the attention of manager Ertug Ersoy. Even when the hotel was full, he made a special effort to get us rooms on the same floor near each other. He is a true gem, When you factor in it's more reasonable cost than some of its competitors, the only reason to stay anywhere else would be if the Fairfax was sold out. 
234098385	 We had a great stay at the Fairfax for a long weekend couple getaway. The location is in a quieter neighborhood (although DC is not a quiet city). It is not near any big attractions and you either Walk 1.5 miles or take transportation (which is easily available). The room was spacious and clean. The bed was comfortable and showers clean. The TV was old, but no complaints really. The hotel had an old historic feel to it and we really felt we had a better deal than what we paid. <br/><br/>This could easily be a 5 star hotel if it were not for the not so friendly service. They are there when you need them, but otherwise would flat out ignore you. We never received a smile nor a welcome at all during our stay. They did nothing to make our anniversary stay there better, even after three attempts to ask for it for my wife. When we needed help, we usually had to wait or wait on hold. BUT once they did notice us, they gave good help. 
233965582	 I stayed at this hotel three nights while traveling for business. I was very impressed with the attention to detail: umbrella in the closet, magnifying mirror, complimentary bottled water, robe, safe, bathroom scales, very nice toiletries, morning newspaper, and a super comfy bed among other things. It's located in a lovely area with lots of fun restaurants close by. I will also add that the food served at the conference was actually very good - a rarity for mass produced hotel food. I give this hotel two thumbs up. 
133696641	 We just returned from a week long vacation in Washington, DC, which we visited to celebrate Independence Day in the nation's capitol. The Fairfax at Embassy Row proved a perfect choice for our stay. Its a beautiful hotel in a superb location (Embassy Row, just a few blocks from Dupont Circle, an area with a terrific selection of restaurants and shops and convenient access to the Metro. What most made our stay so great however was the hotel's staff, who were uniformly warm, gracious, courteous and helpful. Tee, Peter, and the ladies of the Concierge and Front Desk staff deserve particular commendation, as each went out of his or her way to make us feel welcome and to help us have a terrific vacation. They really made a difference and we are very grateful for their conscientiousness and professionalism. -- The McCowans, New York, NY 
133506919	 My family of six were treated like royalty. We had a beautiful room and excellent service. 
133049924	 Hard to beat for its location the Fairfax at Embassy Row still has the look and feel of a bygone era, which is not particularly appealing to me. However, I do recognize they do their job right catering to people who want to enjoy this experience.<br/><br/>Stayed one night with wife for an anniversary and we were not disappointed. Location is perfect right next to Dupont Circle and a metro station. 
132975305	 We stayed at this hotel for the weekend to help celebrate a friend's recent engagement. The location was absolutely perfect for going out for dinner and late-night drinks, and was close to the typical DC sights (though we didn't make it out to those this time). The rooms we were given were much more spacious than we anticipated, based on our experience with other luxury hotels that seem to base their price in the asthetics rather than room comfort. The beds and pillows were very comfortable, and the towels were actually soft and absorbant unlike some places. <br/><br/>Aside from the physical hotel, the best part was the service we received. Our rooms were completely ready when we arrived, and the front desk staff was incredibly welcoming and personal. We had previously ordered room service upon arrival to surprise the bride, and the staff that brought it up not only delivered it with perfect timing, but also knew of the occasion and personally congratulated the bride with genuine excitement - she could not have been more elated and flattered! The entire stay, the staff on the phone and especially at the front desk were an immense help when recommending nearby attractions and restaurants within walking distance. It was a pleasure to ask them for ideas because they were all so personable and considerate in their responses - we never felt like we got a short answer to shoo us away from the desk, and they checked with us when we returned on whether or not we had enjoyed their recommendations. The managers at this place are definitely providing customer service the right way!<br/><br/>We are very grateful to have stayed here - it would not have been the same weekend without it! 
132846539	 I selected The Fairfax because it was almost 50% lower in price compared to other business hotels in the capital. So I was fully expecting (and resigned to) an adequate but tired room for my brief visit. How wrong I was! My room was spacious and bright, with a view of the National Cathedral and distant Rosslyn across the Potomac. The furnishings were of the elegant &quot;colonial&quot; variety popular in DC. The hallways were beautiful with high quality carpeting, crown moldings and fine art prints of Washington sites--in short, true luxury. I used to live in this Kalorama district north of Dupont Circle, and love it for its restaurants, museums, beautiful residential architecture and pleasant neighborhood strolls. In the past I've stayed at the Cosmos Club across the street, where I have privileges. So I knew and appreciated the pretty neighborhood, just not this particular hotel. Now having stayed there, I have to say this will be at the top of my list, particularly if I can get the same low rate. I did park my car with the hotel valet--at a steep forty bucks a day plus tip. But this is after all near the center of the city, so I wasn't that surprised. In any case, I wouldn't normally have a car when staying in Washington. 
132525147	 This hotel is nice and in good location. Comfortable beds and pillows. Food in bar was good and reasonably priced for the area. Staff was very friendly and helpful. <br/><br/>Unfortunately, during my stay there was road work being done outside so the noise was too much to sleep past 7:00 - but that's not the fault of the hotel. 
126585295	 I really enjoyed this hotel. Very convenient to the metro, close to great restaurants and nice neighborhood for jogging. The rooms are beautiful. My only complaint is they don't offer free wireless Internet. Seems like that should be standard for a business hotel. But overall a lovely hotel in a great location. Because of the cost of Internet access I am giving this hotel a 4, otherwise I would give it a 5. 
126494717	 Lovely hotel good alternative to Hilton/Marriott standard amenities, which i find somewhat boring. Fairfax is part of SPG Luxury Collection. It has superb stuff, excellent location with short walk to subway and Dupont circle restaurants. This used to be Ritz Carlton Hotel before, and a hangout for diplomats. It is really an Embassy Row surrounded by Indian, Indonesian, Marrocan Embassies, and many others are down the block. When choosing this hotel it make sense to use AAA discount. I may put you in very attractive rate. I found one for $127 on SPG website, Hilton was $270 for the same days. Rooms are quieter when away from the the elevators and main entrance. I was not impressed with breakfast downstairs, poor selection and extremely overpriced. There are many breakfast options nearby. Another negative is expensive parking $40/night and kinda old elevators, not that they look old they sounded old:). They were making sounds like we were going to get stock any minute, it was always a subject to jokes with fellow riders. But over all we loved the place. Highly recommend it. 
126491637	 My wife and I decided to reward ourselves with a weekend night in DC, maybe to take in the St Patrick's Day celebration and some viewing of the Cherry Blossoms. The hotel was a great experience from the beautiful and elegant room and staff as well as its location amongst all the beautiful embassies. We enjoyed walking to the restaurants in nearby DuPont Circle and a short drive the next morning to see the blossoms and the monuments. Great time. 
126173785	 We stayed for a week during which my son had his wedding reception in the hotel ballroom. In addition many other guests stayed after their arrivals from all around the world. As we have a young daughter we had a larger than standard room with twin doubles and there was also plenty of sitting and playing space. The beds were very comfortable and of a decent size. We had numerous room service meals as that was easier with our child. The public spaces were elegant and the hotel is generally well maintained. The bar was welcoming and convivial and offers good, lighter food. The outstanding feature of the hotel was for us the very open welcome from the moment of arrival and genuine warmth offered by all members of staff. The wedding reception was very well organised with pre drinks and a very good three course meal, speeches and dancing afterwards to an excellent soul group. Our daughter was able to stay in the room with an excellent nanny supplied by an agency recommended by the hotel. It was so easy to go upstairs and to bed after a long hard day. The hotel is well located for the Metro and is within a refreshing walk of the White House. We were blessed with beautiful weather and from a family point of view the week, the wedding and the hotel will we are sure remain as great memories. There's so much to see and do we need another visit and the Fairfax would be our choice again. 
126079537	 I really didn't care much for The Fairfax. It caters to an older, more mature crowd. I prefer contemporary and modern, so this place just doesn't match my tastes I guess. It just seemed creeky, stuffy, and musty. The casual dining restaurant is okay but service also felt stuffy. Sad to say but I couldn't wait to get out of here. 
126074355	 2 day stay here just as Spring breaks in Washington. Unfortunately, too much work to enjoy the environs but fleetingly. <br/>Its a flat $50 from Dulles, don't let them meter you. <br/>Arrived Sunday night, checked in by a very personable guy who told me the kitchen in the bar was closing at 10.30 (Note Prime 2001 is closed on Sundays but open Mondays). I put my things in my room then came downstairs but by the time I had traversed the plethora of young things and barnacles at the bar to reach the food area they had stopped serving. Sensing my displeasure, the front desk guy produced an array of options: room service, fast food or local cafe/restaurant. He inquired as to what I might like and directed me to Afterwords (5 mins walk) - it certainly fits the bill for a late snack and a glass of wine. He did mention Circa, more sophisticated by without the fun of the various coeds that frequent Afterworks. <br/><br/>The room itself was a good size and well equipped, The hotel has been refurbished in recent times in keeping with its age and grandeur. The bathroom is notable for a shower with temperature gauge on it. Internet $12.95 per night with easy contact and good speed. Price for room service items looked very reasonable. <br/><br/>In the morning, I was greeted by name in the lobby, going in and going out. The guys who does the newspapers provided both Washington Post and USAToday - &quot;because your read the post, but UT has the best March madness draw&quot;. <br/>Otherwise:<br/>Negatives: Gym is small, expensive but not for Washington, driveway a little awkward on corner. <br/>Positives: near DuPont Circle Metro (note entrance to one end of Metro is closed for work), near restaurants, close to walking/running/cycling in park by river. <br/>A keeper 
145108255	 I stayed at this hotel for one night on a short business trip. The location couldn't have been more convenient: about 15 minutes from Regan National, 1.5 blocks from the Metro, on the very charming Embassy row, steps away from Dupont Circle. From the check-in, every single staff member was courteous and helpful. I stayed in a superior room on the 5th floor. Although there was no view, it was quiet, clean and comfortable. The bathroom was modern. I would recommend this place. 
145103676	 I stayed at this hotel for a conference that was at the Hilton. Walking distance to the Hilton. Superior king room was nice but on the smaller side. Very clean. Very comfy beds. Great bathroom! Room service was very helpful with an &quot;order ahead&quot; breakfast option. No noise at all. Only issues were one that this was an older hotel, and so there wifts of mildew. I think my allergies did not take so well to that. Also, it was very warm in our room and our temperature gauge could not do much about it. Hotel staff took a look at it while I was at the conference, but the issue was never resolved. Perhaps it is not something that they have control over, being an older hotel. Overall I really enjoyed my stay though. 
145044074	 We spent the weekend @ this lovely hotel. Steps away from Dupont Circle and the Metro. Lots of places to eat nearby. The room was very small but well equipped. Not much of a view. We were very busy and did not spend too much time in our room so that was good. Very helpful staff. A very enjoyable stay. We would return. 
144952172	 I arrived early from NY and they were able to accommodate an early check-in (around noon). Tee Loofa checked me in with a smile. He told me he was in a good mood and that put me in a good mood too! I forgot my iPhone charger and the hotel manager offered me his to use for a couple of hours. Throughout my stay the staff always looking to go out of their way to make sure I was comfortable and happy. 
144751929	 The room was small and nicely appointed and the service was great. <br/><br/>My husband mentioned we were upgraded to this room becuase of his membership status but it does lead me to wonder what a regular room would have looked like. Our room was small and had a view of the alley. That did not bother us much as we were aware that boutique hotels in the city are usually in older buildings with smaller rooms. the heat in the room did not work that well but we were not freezing. I was able to relax and unwind before our evening out. 
144608519	 I should have known something was disfunctional when 4 attempts to directly email the hotel, in advance of my stay, met with not one response.<br/><br/>Via a Starwood representative, I was finally put in touch with the EA of the hotel's GM. Oddly they had no idea what happened to my advance correspondence, not have they still offered any detailed explanation.<br/><br/>While Hurricane Sandy was potentially (and initially) more of a direct theat to the DC metro area, using the storm as an excuse for lack of service and not even a welcome note (most times seasoned GM's provide one to loyalty program members anyway, let alone should someone have some issues preceding their stay.)<br/><br/>Perhaps challenges from what seemed a tired and unmotivated union &quot;service&quot; team (?), everything seemed overly casual and not very serious when it came to guest service.<br/><br/>In follow up, only excuses and more apologies without specifics on a detailed list of service breakdowns shows out of the ordinary lack of expert leadership or care for guests.<br/><br/>Stay clear. This is in no way a Luxury Collection property, although I've had challenges with Starwood's LC designation for some time. I seem to have better experiences at Westin and W properties. Actually their Four Points brand team might want to share some of their secrets - they truly seem to have their act together. 
50336553	 To begin with, I booked my room through Bookings.com and secured a great rate ($104 per night). However, when I went to check in, the hotel did not have my reservation. I'm still not sure if it was Bookings.com or the Fairfax that messed up the reservation, but the staff at the Fairfax was very apologetic and was able to accomodate us at the same room rate we had secured through Bookings.com. I was particularly impressed with the help I received from Quatina Rosser in getting this situation remedied.<br/><br/>We were given Room 616. The room itself was moderate in size but extremely well appointed and nicely decorated with old world charm. I found this to be a nice change from so many of the hotels I've stayed at lately that gone to a sleek, contemporary, even somewhat edgy decor. Everything about the Fairfax is upscale which made for a very pleasant stay.<br/><br/>If I had to identify any negatives about the Fairfax it would be that there was a slight bit of damage to the wallpaper and a couple of spots on the ceiling that needed to be repainted. These, of course, were minor flaws in my opinion. Also, our bathtub did not drain well at all, but I forgot to report this to the hotel until I was checking out on Sunday. The only other negative was that I had to call for housekeeping to make up our room on Saturday. We had gone out about 11:00 that morning and returned about 3:30 to an unmade room. We waited around untiil 5:00 and I finally called the front desk and requested housekeeping for our room. They sent somebody right up.<br/><br/>Overall, this is a very nice hotel in a great location and one that I would stay at again on future trips to DC providing I could find decently discounted rates. 
49882969	 The Fairfax is a luxury hotel within the Starwood group. We stayed on a discount deal for 6 nights, and it was a luxurious stay, The bedroom was large, well equipped, and very elegant. Only complaint was the 2 Queens beds...we're not big, but sharing one was a little tight! We couldn't move to a single King due to lack of availability. The bathroom was large and well appointed, and the room had a 42&quot; LCD TV, full minibar, and assorted snacks for purchase. A turn-down service gave an extra touch of class, complete with chocolates.<br/><br/>The staff were generally really friendly and helpful...the concierge excellent. And our maid was fantastic in looking after our room. The only negative was a slightly snooty waitress in the bar, and a similarly like-minded waiter for breakfast. Maybe our casual holiday clothes suggested we were not the usual clientele!<br/><br/>The downside? Pricey drinks, even pricier food. We didn't sample the dinner menu, but our one breakfast was very poor for the price. The food wasn't even much to talk about...we would have had a better breakfast (quality and quantity) at the IHOP!<br/><br/>The hotel is only about three minutes walk from Du Pont Circle Metro, so is ideal for exploring Washington. I would happily stay there again, and it does live up to it's luxury reputation! 
48730297	 We had a very pleasant 3 night stay at this hotel. It is an older, gracious design and well-maintained. The room was pleasant and included everything we needed, and the service we encountered was friendly and helpful (for example, we were able to leave our car and luggage for the day after we had checked out with minimal difficulty and cost). The location is good, a short walk from Dupont Circle with a good array of restaurants. However, it is a fair walk to most tourist destinations so we ended up taking quite a lot of metro trips. In all, a good hotel and we would return. 
47857322	 A stately brick hotel located in an upscale area. The hotel is designed in the ferderal style with alot of woodwork and dental molding. The updated room is of average size with plenty of room for your bags. The king bed had the best linens with plenty of pillows. The large flat screen tv, morning newspaper, turndown service, ice bucket, free small water bottles are all nice touches. The marble/tile bathroom was brightly lite so you can what you are doing. The bathroom was very clean,the shower had great water pressure with alot of hot water. The fairfax lounge was a great spot to have a drink after a long day. Having a drink next to the fireplace was relaxing. Located very close to Dupont Circle it offers many choices for places to eat. Le Pain on P Street and Afterward Cafe on Connecticut are a short walk and very good. The metro which was very easy to use is in the circle so you can get to the sites quickly. If you decide to walk down Connecticut Ave to get to the sites its take about 25 minutes. Good walk down a busy street with alot to see on the way. 
47391955	 The Fairfax is a nice and cozy hotel well located next to Dupond circle. The room I got for almost 250US was pretty small with a smaller bathroom that had no heating which believe me is never ideal especially during fall or winter in DC. Reception service was poor. I had ordered a cab I could pay with credit card and reception simply forgot to book it. This was pretty annoying but the most unpleasant thing was the reaction of the reception staff. They were unapologetic and simply unable to find me a cab that I could pay with a credit card. Their indifference coupled with their incompetence really set me off. Overall not a nice experience at the Fairfax. 
46890997	 Good location in Dupont Circle. Very close to restaurants and metro stop. The first day we walked to the Washington Monument, Lincoln Monument and White House. But, it was a long walk and we were exhausted at the end of the day. The rest of the trip we took the metro and booked tickets on the Double Decker tour bus ($30 for one day, $35 for two days). <br/><br/>The rooms at the hotel were standard size. We had two double beds (no King rooms available) in our room and a view of the back courtyard where they keep the air conditioning units. Honestly, I didn't mind...I probably would not have spent any time looking out the window anyway. My only complaints about the room are that the air conditioning unit was super loud and woke me up quite a bit (I'm a light sleeper), the bathroom fan was not working and the alarm clock was an old school clock that could not be seen in the dark. The hotel is older and the decor is as well. The wallpaper had big flowers everywhere but the colors were muted. <br/><br/>The bathroom was very spacious and seemed to be updated. The water pressure in the shower was good and we never had any issue getting hot water. We were given plenty of extra towels in our room each day. I found the concierge to be very helpful with giving directions and suggestions. We stayed at the hotel 3 nights and on the last night, we had a turn down service that included chocolates on our pillows and free bottled water.<br/><br/>Overall, we had a great long weekend and I would stay at the Fairfax again. 
143548990	 If given the option, I would have rated the Fairfax as 3.5 stars. It's better than &quot;average&quot; but not quite &quot;very good.&quot; (TripAdvisor: why no option for just plain &quot;good&quot;?) My husband and I stayed at the Fairfax for two nights for a wedding that was being held at the hotel. Upon arrival, the service by the valets and reception staff was pleasant and accommodating. The room was average-sized and the decor was unremarkable if somewhat dated. One closet was occupied with a giant ventilation unit; there were some missing knobs and obvious scratches in the bathroom vanity. No robes or slippers offered at this hotel. The lack of amenities was tolerable (after all, this is not a 5-star property); however, the NOISE is simply unacceptable. Nevermind that our room overlooked the garbage alley availing us of the privilege of 7 am wake-up calls due to the repeated &quot;caution-beeping&quot; every time the lift on the garbage truck was engaged. And nevermind that I could hear every conversation from the adjacent room. What is not acceptable is the noise from the hotel staff in the hallways in the mornings. If the hotel employees are not aware of how little sound-protection the rooms offer, well then, shame on the hotel management for not informing them. And if the employees are aware of the lack of sound protection and continue to speak in full-voice outside the rooms, well then, again shame on the hotel management for not training and monitoring their employees better. Both mornings we were at the Fairfax, my husband had to specifically ask the hotel employees to please stop conversing so loudly in the hallway. Also, as with any property, it's wise to review your check prior to signing. The reception repeatedly tried to charge us for parking when it had already been paid for by the wedding party. Is the Fairfax a bad hotel? No, definitely not. A bit dated and a bit loud, but otherwise the accommodations are perfectly acceptable and the location is great. Would I stay here again? Probably not. If I were to visit D.C. again, I'd be happy to try a new hotel. 
143342399	 This hotel has me coming back time after time. The rooms are very clean and housekeeping is very friendly. Often the congratulate me for working hard after a workout. They provide a very nice turndown service as well. The valet is friendly and quick. The front desk goes out of their way to make you feel welcome. I love that Starbucks and a few restaurants are just one or two blocks away. A really great stay. 
143319827	 Attended a conference in Washington at the Conference Center. Chose the Fairfax as it was the highest rated hotel near the conference center that still had rooms. It is quite a distance from the Conference Center and I recommend taking a taxi from this hotel if you aren't a great walker. <br/>The hotel itself is nicely appointed. The staff- doormen, concierge, bar and restaurant staff- were extraordinarily friendly and welcoming. <br/>Our room was very clean and spacious. It was very quiet and peaceful and we slept soundly on a comfortable mattress! Our room had zero view- it looked across the alley way at more rooms and because of it we couldn't open our curtains and maintain privacy. Given that we actually spent little time in our room it wasn't much of a big deal. Our room had a very large closet but the drawer space was very limited. <br/>If you want to be within a short walk to the sights (white house, lincoln memorial, washington monument) then this isn't the hotel for you. But if you want to be a nice area of town with good restaurants and close to Reagan airport, this is it.<br/>Would I recommend it as a place to stay- yes. Great hotel in a nice part of town. 
143031155	 Got out booked from The Madison to this Hotel, it's very nice but obviously caters for the Embassy visitors, bit too far out from Tourist attractions for me! Staff were pleasant but nothing special, room size was good and nice decor, would I dash back no but if I was booked out there again it would be ok 
143009138	 Very charming hotel hotel and rooms, well located,close too many restaurants between the classy embassy row and P street.<br/>Unfortunately there are some unbelievable management policies that leave you wondering if you really saw an luxury collection sign on the door; for staters no mini bar in the room, if you want water better order room service while you think about it because if you want to pass an order after 10 pm you d better have a lot of patience, once again in a luxury collection hotel it is not acceptable, the brand is not just about the building!problems with A/C seams to have been fixed since last stay.<br/>The bar is very cosy and we regret that the wine degustation paired with finger food initiated by the previous F&amp;B manager did not survive after he left the place.<br/>Breakfast is excellent, and of high quality.<br/>Just don't ask too much from the staff as often in the US they don't feel very concern about their job.<br/>Got upgraded to a &quot;suite&quot; due to SPG platinum status, nothing special except it is a big room no seating area and communicating door to another room wich is not for you of course but occupied by another guest ,unfortunately I am not a big fan of sharing my life with strangers for two days as the door is not efficient noise canceling wise, here again why they call it a suite?<br/>Unacceptable lack of amenities and below average service get this hotel just average too bad it could be a jewel in the heart of DC. 
142950527	 I was originally scheduled to stay at the Fairfax for 10 nights, but checked out after 4 due to a horrible room and staff/management that did not care one bit to rectify the matter. When I checked in the staff did not recognize my SPG Platinum status and did not offer me an upgrade. In fact, the room I received seemed to be like a downgrade even though they insisted that it was a deluxe king room. <br/><br/>They stuck me in a dark, dingy room on the 3rd floor with a bathroom so small you couldn't even sit on the toilet without bumping your knees against the door. Word to the wise, ask for a room on the 6th or 7th floor since the street noise is drastically reduced. Not only did I find hairs in the bathroom and bedsheets, but the phone in the room did not work. The phone in the bathroom did work, but had an annoying clicking noise when you used it. Imagine trying to conduct a business call on the toilet with a clicking noise in the background the entire time! The icing on the cake was when I checked out they charged me $4 for two tool free calls. <br/><br/>The worst part about my room was the garbage truck that arrived promptly at 4:30 am every morning to load trash directly below my room. It would wake me up because the noise was so loud, sometimes the loading took 15 minutes, and I couldn't go back to sleep. I also recall that someone in the room next to me was smoking one night in the bathroom and I could smell the smoke coming through the vent. When I called the front desk to complain, the agent said that it was impossible because this was a smoke-free hotel. Ha! Yes, sure, you nipped that one in the butt!<br/><br/>Called the front desk to complain and ask for a new room. They told they would call back and never did. I then called Platinum concierge and the agent talked to the hotel and said they would have a room ready for me on the 5th floor the next day. Not even an upgrade mind you after this horrific experience.<br/><br/>I Stopped in at the front desk at 11 am the next morning and they said &quot;yes, sir we have a room for you but it won't be ready for an hour.&quot; Fast forward 4 hours later, 3 calls to the front desk, 2 unreturned calls to the manager and the room is stil not ready. At this point I had had enough and asked if I could checkout without penalty. They said yes, indeed I could without penalty. When I arrived at the front desk the agent tried to charge me a one night penalty for early check out. I must say I was not surprised. This hotel has some of the worst communication/management I have ever experienced at a property. Let alone a luxury Starwood property. <br/><br/>The free Platinum buffet breakfast is actually above average with eggs, sausage, bacon, fruit, cereal, and pastries. Unfortunately when I arrived close to the end of breakfast, I was treated like persona non grata and the staff even refused to even serve me coffee. I sat at a table without coffee, water, or juice and sipped milk from my cereal bowl to wash down my scrambled breakfast. The staff never even visited me once, so I got up and left without paying.<br/><br/>This was one of the worst stays I have had and the management here seems to be AWOL. The management told me they would call me back on several occasions and never did. Very displeased by this experience and I find it shocking that they would treat a top status member this way. Shame on you Fairfax. 
193258083	 My husband and I recently stayed at The Fairfax at Embassy Row in Washington D.C.<br/><br/>This is a wonderful &quot;hidden gem&quot;. It is near DuPont Circle within walking distance to shopping, restaurants, and area attractions.<br/><br/>All of the staff are professional, warm and eager to please. How nice it is to be acknowledged by name upon returning from being out for the day!<br/><br/>The hotel is clean and spacious. You couldn't find a better value in the area. We highly recommend this well managed, friendly hotel. 
193010175	 The location of this hotel to the metro and many restaurants adds to the charm and convenience. We were snowed in a couple of extra days and the hotel staff went above and beyond to make us comfortable. There is a grocery mart one block south right around the corner too. This was our second stay and the Fairfax has become our new favorite! 
192717388	 This has been my go-to DC hotel for over a decade. As a solo female traveler on business, I want elegance, quiet, safety, great location, top service. The Fairfax has all this, in a historic place (boyhood home of Al Gore!), in DC's best and most convenient neighborhood. Any problem that arises is promptly resolved. They remember me from one visit to the next, so it feels like home. The hotel has changed names, been refurbished, yet always retains its good vibe. 
192589239	 I've stayed at this hotel several times over the past few months. Each visit has been delightful! The location is perfect...easy walk to Metro and restaurants. The hotel itself is charming, and customer service is clearly woven into the culture of the management and staff. I look forward to my next stay at the Fairfax at Embassy Row! 
192379939	 My husband and I stayed here on the recommendation of a friend. The hotel was built in 1927 and refurbished in 2008. The room was beatiful. The staff when out of their way to make us feel welcome and to assist with our daily plans. It is a short walk to the Dupont Circle Metro. The restaurant serves breakfast only. There are nice restaurants within walking distance. There is a laundry nearby which was good. 
192177810	 My family stayed here for the first time while visiting Washington, DC and one of the highlights of our trip was our stay at the Fairfax Hotel on Embassy Row. The facility was fantastic, but what made it so enjoyable and memorable was the service we received from the concierge, Peter, and the front desk assistant, John. Both were incredibly accommodating and professional...class acts. I'd recommend this hotel to any family, friend, or business acquaintance. 
120931020	 This was a convenient hotel with old style atmosphere in the heart of the Dupont Circle neighborhood. Lots of international restaurants around charging reasonable prices. We attended a conference at the Washington Hilton a few blocks away. Staying at the Fairfax was a better deal (at discounted rate) and more comfortable. It's also near a metro hub and thus accessible to other parts of D.C. 
120830840	 We were really disappointed by our stay at the Fairfax hotel. We had booked and paid in advance for two nights through last minute.com, and received an online booking confirmation. When we arrived, the receptionist brought us to an average room. The first night was ok. On the next day we left the hotel to explore the city. When we came back at midnight, our keys to the room didn’t work. We went to the front desk and spoke to the night manager who, in a very rude way told us that our reservation had been cancelled by lastminute.com. She showed us a fax from lastminute.com, dated the day before, to that effect. She gave us no other option than to pay an extra fee of 60% (which was even more than the price indicated on the Fairfax website itself), or to leave immediately. She didn't make any attempt to understand our point of view. In the end we decided to pay for the one night, took our luggage at 1 AM and checked in at another hotel. Really disastrous experience overall. 
120812595	 The location was fabulous. In the heart of DC. So many restaurants near by. In addition, the Philips Collection is across the street. The rooms are a little small with only one sink in the bathroom. However, very friendly and courteous staff. The decor is lovely. I arranged this reservation through Magellan which was a pleasure 
120807238	 We were a family of four, and our Expedia reservation mentioned this specifically. The first room we were given could accommodate 2 people only. So a bad first impression; but within 20 minutes we had been efficiently ushered to a new room with 2 double beds. The room itself was quite small by American standards- and its view of the garbage containers area and the adjacent brick building was abysmal - but it was very comfortable, quiet, and its rather basic bathroom amenities were augmented and replenished promptly after we had asked. No complaints about the bathroom - nothing 'wow' about it, but perfectly clean and functional. As we were using the hotel just as a base to exlore DC, we really didn't mind the size of the room and its view too much, especially as it was clean and and still inviting after a long day's walking; and there was not the unpleasant odour that one sometimes experiences in older hotels.<br/><br/>All the staff, especially the door staff, were very friendly and helpful; and one felt that all the hotel employees were very approachable. Our youngest daughter had left her shoulder bag in the taxi that we took from the airport, and the concierge helped us find the telephone number of the taxi company to call and report the loss. I kind of expected them to make the call themselves while we were at the desk; but they were nevertheless sympathetic and did ask us about the bag whenever they noticed us.<br/><br/>Nice entrance, but no lobby as such, so if you arrange to meet people and are waiting, there are only 2 armchairs available; but very clean and well-maintained hotel - with an air of old-world luxury. Gorgeous neighbourhood with beautiful embassy buildings; and very close (walking distance) to a few good restaurants near Dupont Circle.<br/><br/>For us the hotel was very good value, and a great base for our city vacation. 
120783181	 Just enjoyed a second weekend this year at The Fairfax at Embassy Row. <br/><br/>Jennifer, at the front desk, was the person with whom I reserved the room and luckily, she was on duty when we checked in. What a lovely young woman! Couldn't have been more accommodating and helpful.<br/><br/>We enjoyed a very nice dinner in the hotel restaurant. Not a 'romantic' setting with tons of ambience, but excellent service and food. <br/><br/>Earlier in the year, I'd have given this hotel a 5 star rating without hesitation. However, there are 2 things that made me feel differently this time around: <br/><br/>First, I would suggest that the property replace the carpet in the lobby (beginning to show considerable wear) and in some of the guestrooms (ours had a very obvious spot). Otherwise, our guestroom was perfect.<br/><br/>Second, we found the Doorman who was on-duty during much of our stay to be far inferior to the kind and courtly gentleman we'd enjoyed back in February. This fellow seemed to be on the 'gratuity hunt' for simple courtesies that are expected of a doorman at an establishment of this caliber. (Please note: Other staff we encountered did not behave at all in the same way, but one bad apple can sometimes spoil a 5 star rating!) 
120759813	 My husband and I stayed here for three nights in early November. The location is good - just a short walk from the Dupont Circle metro station, and in a nice neighborhood. The property is well maintained. The room that we stayed in was small but quiet. We were here on a Hotwire stay and other than mentioning that our visit was paid for through a &quot;third party vendor&quot;, there was no decline in service. We are SPG Gold members and did not expect or receive any of our Gold benefits, so I cannot comment on that. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful, and the bell/valet staff were outstanding at all times.<br/><br/>There were repeated issues in receiving bath towels (we were short on towels on two of the three nights we were there) and I found it annoying to have to call housekeeping to get our bath towels late at night when I just wanted to shower before turning in for the night. <br/><br/>If we had paid the Starwood rates I would not think that this property represents good value, but for the price we paid on Hotwire, I was satisfied. 
210083745	 Im an SPG Platinum member, but this was my first experience in a member of the Luxury Collection. The hotel itself is beautiful and ornate, but a bit too traditional and old-school for my personal taste (too much gold and wood). But I can certainly appreciate it's beauty &amp; history.<br/><br/>The staff were very friendly. The room was small, but I spent most of my time out exploring - it's DC, after all. The bed was comfy and the shower amenities were the best I've had in a hotel.<br/><br/>The only negative comment I have concerns the the lobby: you enter on a level, and after check-in you must ascend about 6 stairs to reach the lifts. Not an easy task when carrying a bunch of heavy bulky luggage. 
209814718	 I am a frequent guest of the Fairfax (and even before when it was the Westin Embassy Row). Another review long overdue! First and foremost the Front Office Manager Ertug Ersoy was marvelous; he went beyond the call of duty by constantly being in touch with me to make sure everything was good. As a platinum member I was upgraded to a deluxe suite - beautiful! Perfect location and very very quiet. The restaurant is delicious -- one of those &quot;only in DC type of places&quot; with very reasonable prices. The hotel is almost full but I feel like all the workers are here to serve me. At check-in, Concierge/Guest Service Ambassador Peter Gill was so attentive and so accommodating-- asking me my preferences to make my stay wonderful. A class act and perfect welcome to this Starwood property.<br/><br/>But there is something else I want to say. I am very loyal to Starwood properties worldwide and love the variances between all the brands. The Fairfax is an upper class/luxury historic DC hotel. There is no doubt. But people like Ertug and Peter are world class hospitality professionals! These are not kids in college working the front desk. These are seasoned career professionals who have dedicated their work to this industry - and that is reflected in each interaction with a guest. That is what makes the Fairfax one of the most historic hotels in our nation's capital - Old World charm with all the modern amenities that make each of my stays here memorable and enjoyable. Even the housekeeping staff are proud of their work and know the importance of meticulous room preparation. When you take a cab to the hotel - I cannot count the times when the cab driver has told me &quot;wow nice hotel&quot; as I told him where to take me. This place has a reputation. Lol. I love it!<br/><br/>Kudos to the owner of this gem of a Hotel for having people like Ertug and Peter taking care of its guests. This is my type of place. I give this hotel 5 stars! 
209492930	 We stayed here for one night. It's centrally located, but not noisy. They offer parking for a hefty fee by DC standards, but if you're there on a weekend, you can drive around and look for free overnight parking on the street to save some money. The rooms are large, the bed was comfortable and the service was good. The only odd thing is that the shower was a depression in the regular bathroom floor instead of being a closed off shower stall or tub, the water pressure was good, but a huge seat made it sort of oddly shaped and uncomfortable. 
209485595	 We really enjoyed our first-time stay at the Fairfax. We were celebrating an anniversary and were offered an upgrade at check-in. Tsegie was especially helpful in choosing a restaurant for dinner and even made the reservation for us @ Bistrot du Coin, where we had a simple but terrific meal, just what we were looking for. After dinner we walked around embassy row and admired the elegant architecture of the buildings. Such variety! The room was comfortable with a nice view and we had a great night's sleep in a quiet, dark room. Dark is important! Not all hotels, especially in the city, provide this. Upon checkout, we were given helpful tips on visiting museums and historic sights nearby. Fascinating facts too. Would definitely stay here again. 
209334747	 Nice and quiet hotel located on embassy row. Rooms are cozy and clean. I had an espresso at the bar while I waited for my room to be ready, it was okay, but way overpriced, a double expresso for $10 bucks, that's insane, I would have rather have just found a starbucks, but I was tired from traveling all day and really just wanted to relax and wait for my room to be ready. The front desk was very nice and the bell men were all pleasant too. 
208785819	 While this hotel is nicely appointed and is in a good part of town at Dupont circle, it suffers from the same problem that other so called luxury hotels are suffering with. Services that are part of the service and therefore part of the overall experience at lesser hotels, somehow attract additional charges at these places. Charging for Wifi in rooms at $12.50 per day is the thin edge of the wedge. We d\would have been lucky to spend 2 hours in our room per day that wasn't sleep time, and I am expected to pay for wifi for that time - crazy. Everywhere we have been in the USA has included at a minimum a continental breakfast in the room charge, not here, it's extra.<br/>If you can move past the price gouging, the place is very nice and friendly. As I mentioned the location is excellent. The room and amenities have been first rate. The bed, though small for a double, is very comfortable. 
231242766	 I stayed at this hotel in September, 2014. From the minute I walked in the door I was greeted by friendly doormen, checked in quickly and brought up to a wonderfully cozy room. This hotel is old school Washington … none of that new-age industrialist see-through bathroom nonsense. My room had a view of the Washington Monument, a lavish queen-size bed with delicious down comforters and the worlds most comfortable pillows. It's Edwardian style … so lots of crown molding and watercolor paintings of Washington,D.C. - and the bathroom was perfectly appointed. Loads of hand towels, wash cloths and bath towels stacked nicely … a soaker tub and huge terry cloth robes. The room service food was delicious … served discreetly and quietly by an extremely well-mannered waiter. I had the flu - so I needed to stay an extra day - and was slow to check out. No problem. This hotel is all about service. Also, it is in the absolute best part of town. I will make this my regular … BRAVO. 
231015413	 The Fairfax Hotel is a wonderful hotel. Our organization has had board meetings there for the past 3 years and we love it there. For meeting planners, the staff are amazing and great to work with! You will not be disappointed! 
230851014	 I stayed at the Fairfax on business for a single night, where I did not book the hotel. A 30 min night time walk had me in front of The White House, and a little further to Memorial park etc.<br/><br/>The room was well appointed, and the breakfast was charming and well attended.<br/><br/>Yes, paid for Wifi may be a pain, but on a business expense the process of adding it to the room was seamless.<br/><br/>However, the bar was a great end to the night, and was good to sit and enjoy a few cocktails before bed, trying to get used to the time zone jump quickly with booze. 
230608785	 It was a nice place but I thought maybe they were going for luxe, but it came across as somewhat tired. And charging extra for WiFi is an antiquated attitude! Liked it fine, but wouldn't stay there again. Liked the area a lot! 
230596347	 What a beautiful hotel the Fairfax is! Lots of great architecture - woods and moldings are amazing. Seemed very old fashioned, yet modern bathroom. The best part of this hotel by far were the employees! Everyone from the Valet, to housekeeping, and the bartender were so warm and genuinely friendly. The neighborhood is terrific! Lots of places to eat and drink within walking distance. The Metro Station is a quick walk away. Would definitely stay here again! 
230568524	 This is the second time at this very quiet and elegant hotel that is part of Starwood. We were upgraded to a suite which had a wonderful view and a rather large bathroom. The room itself was nicely appointed and the bed comfortable. Only a couple of small issues: (1) the only place to have something to eat after breakfast in the hotel is the bar which although it has tables, it is rather an uncomfortable place. The waiter was pleasant but disappeared after he brought the food and we had to get up to go to the bar to get a refill on drinks. The food was decent but expensive. (2) the ventilation system in the suite was a bit noisier than what would be optimal for a hotel of this caliber. I think the system is old. 
244196758	 I really like this hotel, and have been there before. I had a small problem with my room this trip. The check-in clerk and the manager on duty (Ertug) were extremely helpful and receptive to my concerns and fixed the problem without any fuss or bother. I went about my day in DC and when I returned in the evening, problem solved. I could not be happier with the hotel's response and in particular with the performance of the staff. Great job. I almost don't want to get the word out too much, because I consider this hotel a gem in DC. 
243900361	 We loved this hotel, overall an great experience. The rooms are small but well appointed, with comfortable beds and clean bathrooms. The hotel lobby is very small, but charming and the front desk staff was very helpful. Location is great, right at Dupont Circle, only a block from the metro and lots of great restaurants right around the corner! The cookies every evening in the lobby were a welcome treat when coming in after a long cold day out! <br/><br/>The only thing that wasn't so great, the doormen...they were always around but almost never opened the heavy entrance doors or seemed very helpful (not a big deal but since it was raining it would have been nice). 
243755408	 When I need to get away for a few days (both active and relaxing), The Fairfax at Embassy Row is always my first choice. I always have a memorable stay.<br/><br/>This property is a winner, and The Fairfax should be listed by Tripadvisor as among the handful of BEST HOTELS in D.C., certainly in my experience this is among the 10 best places to stay in a good, central D.C. neighborhood.<br/><br/>You want reasons?<br/><br/>1. Friendly staff.<br/>2. Location near the Dupont Circle metro station (within 5 stops on the Metro from the main train station and the Mall (Smithsonian museums).<br/>3. Very Clean hotel, VERY Clean part of the City. Safe and clean; pleasant walking and dining.<br/>4. Affordable for this level of quality. I booked my 2 night-stay directly through spg.com and the price for a weekend stay was GREAT, especially for Washington D.C. So do you shopping for the best room at the best price in advance, that's my advice. First, search for a 1-night stay, then search for a 2-night stay. Prices may surprise you (in a good way).<br/>5. Across the street from the hotel, you have historic Georgetown in one direction AND The Phillips Collection -- a beautiful old manor house which became the FIRST museum of modern art in the USA. There is no admission charge weekdays for the museum's general collection.<br/><br/>The BEST reason for anyone to try a stay at The Fairfax is the Management and Staff. If something is not as you imagined it might be, at any property, ask politely to speak with the Front Desk staff or a Manager to learn what can be done. For example, when I arrived at the end of November 2014 there was a nice room available immediately. The Front Desk personnel offered me the option of waiting for a larger room or taking the one available. I had just gotten off an airplane and had taken the Metro to the hotel, so I opted for the room which was ready and asked them to move me into a larger room the following day... which is exactly what the Management at The Fairfax at Embassy Row did.<br/><br/>I had a perfect stay !!! I checked out on Monday, December 1st. Send my thanks to the Front Desk staff and Management, please. 
243570553	 We stayed at this hotel for one night only. We were booked into the room upon arrival but told the people in the room had booked a late check out, so they would hold our luggage until the room became available. We went sight seeing with umbrellas supplied by the hotel because of the inclement weather. Upon returning to the hotel we were assigned our room, which was different to the ones we had been previously given, meaning a 30 minute wait while it was sorted out. The decor was clean and tidy but old fashioned. I wouldn't go back to this hotel but that's not to say is not good, just not for an under 50 year old. 
243494921	 The hotel is overall nice. Staff is friendly and the location is good, just a few steps from Dupon Circle subway stop. The room are small, and the structure is a little dated for a Luxury Collection, but it is comfortable. 5 minutes away you can stop for a good coffee and bakery at Le Pain Quotidien. 
243468691	 Skip the shiny new places near the Convention Center, or even the tired and boring &quot;big brands&quot; and come stay amidst the history, foreign influence, and elegance of Embassy Row. Formerly a Ritz Carlton property, and once the &quot;home away from home&quot; for famous elected officials and their families, you will be immediately embraced by the charm, comfort, and old-style hospitality of this property. 
89549105	 Lovely hotel conveniently located within one block of Dupont Circle Metro. I loved the fact that they didn't charge for business center access, and the in house hotel gym is at least decent (small, but everything was fairly modern and in working order). Rooms are a bit dated, but I felt that it was a great deal for the price. Lounge and restaurant both top notch. 
89367443	 The Fairfax is located one block from the DuPont Station Metro red line. I arrived at 10 am and they were able to give me a room although check in was not until 3 PM. Also I was greeted on my arrival like I have never been greeted before. I wish I could remember her name but I arrived at 10 AM on Tuesday December 7th – so if any managers are reading this that young lady has set the standard for guests arriving at a hotel. Warm and friendly and really wanting to please their guests. The hotel is clean and modern with an old world feeling. The holiday decorations were beautiful. I stayed on the 3rd floor and found the room exceptional. Very clean, modern and all the amenities including plenty of hot water. I was gone all day on business and returned in the evening. The area was well lit and I felt safe walking the block from the subway to the hotel. I did sample the bar and the staff again was very warm and friendly. I parked my car with the hotel and found the rate in line with other hotels at $38.00 per night. I waited less than 5 minutes for my car to be returned. I have paid a lot more in DC for a hotel than what I paid at the Fairfax – less than $200 for the night. The Fairfax is on my Favorite hotel list in DC. 
89192738	 I had booked this room for my parents and sister who flew into town on a red eye flight. The front desk was accommodating and friendly, allowing my family to check-in to the room early on a Saturday. <br/>Room was clean, bright and comfy. My parents loved staying there. No complaints on our end. Definitely would recommend the hotel to out of town guests. 
88968785	 I can see this would be a good hotel for business guests. It's comfortable and traditional. And I saw that the folks who were having their wedding reception here were having a fantastic time. But for us, on a family weekend in DC, it wasn't a good choice. Not especially kid-friendly. And it's just that little bit too far away from the sights and interesting areas of DC to be convenient. Very corporate feeling bar area with little character. It wasn't very good value either, particularly the breakfast which was outrageously expensive. I'm afraid this hotel was a disappointment. We wouldn't stay here again - even though the beds were very comfy. 
88706436	 The Fairfax was a super hotel, very clean, updated charming rooms, great bar and everyone very helpful! It's in the Dupont neighborhood which is a lovely residential area with charming restaurants to walk to. 2 Blocks to metro, not far from Tabard Inn for dinner or a local oyster bar with tables inside and outside. We used Starwood Points so it was reasonable for us. We would definitely stay again. 
87768843	 Seamless experience. Staff has done a great job. (Josh at the front desk was very, very helpful.) Perfect location...close to great breakfast spots and a block from the metro.<br/>Would stay here again for sure! 
157024533	 If you want to stay in the city at a great location (3 blocks from Georgetown, walking distance to Dupont Circle and the Metro, walking distance to a variety of great restaurants, Starbucks on the corner, CVS on the another corner) then The Fairfax at Embassy Row is the place. But please, don't tell everyone. This Luxury Collection Hotel is a GEM!! I'm a Starwood baby so I love staying at mostly Starwood Brands (love those star points). In addition to receiving Starwood points, I love the location, the staff is always friendly and attentive, the hotel is a traditional style property on Embassy Row and when you pull up in the drive way you feel like you've arrived. From the doorman, concierge, front desk and housekeeping you feel special (you even get turndown service at night). One of the best features of this hotel is the fabulous beds and pillows. After a long day, you feel like you've just jumped on a cloud, the pillows are so fluffy. If you want great advice on where to eat or what to do, go see Peter Gill, Concierge he can point you in the right direction, he's fabulous. I've read some of the other reviews and one stated that the property is &quot;dated&quot;. It really depends on your definition of dated. When I say a property is dated that means it's in need of a serious renovation, top to bottom. The Fairfax is NOT that property, at ALL. It's a traditional style, high post bed design in an historic building. Updated flat screen TVs in the room, nice bathroom and thick towels and very nice toiletries. The only item I would say is dated is the shower heads (be very careful when changing the temperature, it can get really HOT). I LOVE, LUV, LUV, this hotel and you usually can find great rates midweek and on the weekends since most of the business travelers and diplomats are home. When I travel on business and come home to visit my family, I stay at the Fairfax as my central point between Maryland and Virginia. Parking is expensive like most city hotels, on street parking meters is available, but I always get a ticket, so I just valet. At The Fairfax they treat everyone like a Diplomat!! 
157001702	 It is great to stay in a hotel that is not &quot;cookie cutter&quot;, this old hotel is very nice. The staff was very helpful and friendly. We spent two nights in DC and were close enough to enjoy the sights. I stayed in this hotel over 45 years ago on vacation, it was fun to see it again and the memories of when I was kid staying there came flooding back. If you are looking for something that gives you a flavor of Washingtion DC and is not like all the other &quot;cookie cutter&quot; hotels this is it. Enjoy! We were able to get the room discounted through the internet. 
156910486	 We spent two nights at the hotel during a weekend trip to Washington. The hotel's location very near Dupont Circle is very convenient and a good starting point to explore the city. Unfortunately the hotel seems a bit dated and what others may describe as charming I would consider too old-fashioned. The room itself was very spacious, but fixtures and fittings have certainly not made it into the 21st century aside from the coffee-maker and iPod docking station. <br/>The bedroom included a door to a storage cabinet or a/c unit, which was rather noisy and also meant that whatever was housed in there needed constant cooling as despite having switched off the a/c unit the room was very cold. <br/>The bathroom amenities were fine though there was no room to actually hang up used towels. Given the hotel's encouragement to save water and re-use towels, which I am absolutely supportive of, there is no hook or anything that would allow a guest to do so. <br/>We didn't use any of the facilities or the concierge services. 
156902934	 Great location and very professional staff. Rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. Hotel is very quiet and gives the feeling that it is smaller than it actually is. An old building, but very well maintained. 
156876268	 Our family's first trip to DC was amazing!! We definately picked the right place to stay for our visit. The hotel was extremely clean and just beautiful with it's old world charm and historical feel.<br/>The entire staff made us feel welcome and were helpful in their suggestions. After a long day seeing different museums and sites, choosing a restaurant was the last thing we wanted to do. The concierge chose perfect places where our family could eat each night and made sure to book our reservations for us. They took care of all the details and it was greatly appreciated!! I highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to DC. Our family has decided to make DC a yearly trip and to make The Fairfax the place we go to without a doubt!!! 
156616161	 I stayed for almost two weeks while in the process of relocating and the entire staff made it feel like my home away from home. It is a lovely hotel and reminds me of staying in the old Mayflower Hotel when I was a child. However, it has been updated and is a very comfortable place to stay. The room I stayed in was very nice and had a nice big tub as well as a shower in the bath, which was really nice. Every morning the doormen would greet me with big smile, open doors and ask if I needed anything. Requests were quickly filled by front desk, doormen and concierge. The only issue I encountered was that the hot water went out one morning, however, the staff brought me free coffee (and offered breakfast too) and internet so I could at least work until the issue was fixed. All hotels do run into problems but I really appreciated the staff making an effort to alleviate the associated pain. Since I was working a lot of long hours, I had dinner in the bar almost every night so have to give special attention to the fantastic staff there. It is a very cozy space with lots of comfortable seating areas and a fireplace (perfect during the cold weather). Raul, Hugo and Eduardo take special care of everyone who patronizes the bar and made me always feel welcome and special. After two weeks, I think I had tried everything on the menu so can highly recommend it as a great place to eat. The staff at The Fairfax are what elevates it from a nice D.C. hotel to a very special place to stay. 
131365721	 My mother and I stayed at the Fairfax 2 years ago and loved the rooms, decor and the service. The hotel is homey and intimate, yet elegant and refined. We especially found the service exceptional - the entire staff was helpful and freely offered directions and suggestions. The rooms were pristinly clean, with high-end shower supplies, comfortable beds and luxury sheets. I do agree with former comments that in today's world, internet should be freely available, and add-on's for wi-fi are an annoyance. Parking, however, seems to be priced at $30-40 everywhere in urban DC and, as reported, the location is ideal for nearly any purpose. I am returning with my husband in 3 weeks and will report any changes. 
131107413	 Being a starwood guest. I was disappointed on the room given to me. I used points for one night and paid for the 2nd.(not cheap) My view was roof tops and windows angled towards mine so i could look in another room if i wanted. Very small room, a bathroom where the door only opened as far as the toilet would let it. Now the room was nice and the bed confortable, but paying for a room and two nights of parking at $40 a night i give this a averagee score. The staff was very nice i would have to say. I love visiting old hotels, and seeing there history, saw no history on the walls of past visitors,no pictures of any sort except on DC. Thank goodness its on Embassy Row so I could walk around and see those buildings. 
131089775	 We wanted a hotel that was close to the embassies so we could easily walk to take care of some issues. This answered that call perfectly. We already knew about the $40 a day parking (which in my opinion at a hotel like this is not right) but, knew about it in advance, and accepted that it was the way it was. We enjoyed how close this hotel was to the Metro and Dupont Circle. Tons of restaurants etc. <br/><br/>When we went out to deal with our embassy business, they saw we did not have our umbrellas, asked if we wanted them, and then provided them for us. <br/><br/>Classy, no noise, comfortable beds, and all in all a good experience. 
130811370	 My husband and I honeymooned at this hotel and opted to revisit for another experience. We visited during the Memorial Day holiday weekend from Saturday to Monday. The hotel was lively and the customer service was exceptional. Upon checking in, the front desk associate advised us of our room number, went through the requests made prior to our stay (hypoallergenic pillows) and asked us if there was anything else we needed or required. The associate was fantastic and during our stay when we returned from an evening out, she inquired as to how we were enjoying our time at the hotel. She even remembered our names! <br/><br/>Our suite was lovely, overlooking Massachusetts Ave. and was bright, sunny and immaculate. We dropped our bags in the bedroom and noted that the staff not only made up the room, but even carefully laid out a robe and turned on classical music. What a beautiful way to begin a vacation!<br/><br/>We ordered room service on two occasions, once for dessert (the chocolate mousse is outstanding) and on the second night we decided to have our dinner in the room. Both in-room dining experiences were extraordinary and all of our requests were met perfectly. <br/>The location of the Fairfax has always been a factor when we choose to patronize the hotel. It is only a short few blocks from DuPont Circle and the Metro, and in an area that is serene and generally quiet for a city locale<br/><br/>Throughout our stay we simply kept smiling at one another and remarking that it was the most enjoyable hotel stay we have ever had; and we are both frequent travelers. <br/>The Fairfax made a memorable weekend for the both of us, and not only will we be back in the <br/>future, we will also be telling family and friends about the experience. 
130603970	 The rooms were good, albeit a bit on the cluttered side which sort of adds to the character. Staff were friendly, but one didn’t really feel they were going out of their way to help. My only real complaint was the air-con which was incredibly noisy. In summary, a bit expensive for what it is, hardly memorable, not as convenient as some of the downtown hotels and I would have expected more for my money. The hotel is reasonably well situated, about 5 mins. walk from Dupont circle and a short cab ride from Georgetown centre. Located around some nice leafy side roads. Nearby, the quaint but interesting textile museum is a 20 min amble. 
130424445	 I have to say that I share many reviews on this site. We are back from a 4-night stay, paid on starpoints. On top of this, we use the Platinum Upgrade Awards (a new amenity from SPG) to secure an upgrade in a deluxe suite. Let me be clear: the room was fantastic, charming, with luxurious sheets, and most of all, quiet (even though it was on the 3rd floor, we slept all nights with windows open). We had the continental breakfast, and it was pretty good (let me also highlight the outstanding service, in particular Gabriel).<br/><br/>Finally, one last very good point: the location is the best in DC: quiet, yet close to restaurants, etc. This, combined with the charm of the rooms, makes you feel at home.<br/><br/>So, why does it fall short of me giving 5 stars ? Well, the front desk is clearly not on par with the rest. First of all, when we arrived, they only found a reservation for one night. I guessed that the Upgrade Award had messed up our reservation, but on all emails from spg, the dates, rates (ie points) and type of room were always correct. Now, these thing happen (computers are ... computers), but what is not acceptable was that they asked me to call SPG (as if this was my wish after a 10h trip). They should have done that (actually, they did it in parallel, quite confusingly, but I had to show all my emails, etc. I was made feeling guilty for something beyond my will). Then, I was basically never greeted as a Platinum Guest, the check-in being rather chaotic (in addition to the reservation mess-up). I was eg never asked what journal I wanted (and they assumed that as a European, I would prefer USA Today .. well, I would have preferred the WP). Then, a few days later, I asked for a late check-out (4pm). SPG rules clearly mention that this is a right (except at conference center hotels and resorts, which the Fairfax is not). I was offered a 2 pm check-out, which I refused. The employee went to talk to her manager, and came back to say that this was OK. Eventually, all was settled in a positive way, but why do we always need to ask twice and insist ? This is slightly unpleasant (and very different from experiences in other European/Asian Luxury Collection or St Regis Hotels). <br/><br/>In conclusion: we will be back if returning to DC, let's hope the front desk gets improved. 
105693991	 I definitely enjoyed my stay here. The front desk staff were very courteous and the room clean. Newspapers are delivered in the morning and all in all this is a nice hotel. I didn't request anything exceptional and I wouldn't say that the experience was awe-inspiring, but it was a lovely place to spend a night before a meeting the next morning. 
105273637	 No one variable was horrific, it was the combination of endless small things that made for a below average stay. Every time I needed something from the front desk, whether simply checking in (which I waited 30 min for at midnight) or replacing my room key which deactivated every day with out fail for 5 days straight, I had to wait for the lone receptionist. Too many doorman and not enough front desk staff! My room was an &quot;upgrade&quot; but small and cramped with a view of a brick wall, and I have SPG gold status so good luck getting a decent room. This hotel may have the thinnest walls I have ever come across, and I am in hotels for 40 - 50 nights /yr. Room service has no hot food, zero .... There is a minibar in the room with a key but it is empty and I was told there is no intention of filling it, ever. The hotel &quot;dry-cleaned&quot; a few shirts and a sweater for me which in addition to being the most expensive cleaning fee imaginable (although expected), everything was just ironed and poorly cleaned, one of my shirts was stripped of a couple buttons as well.<br/><br/>The one redeeming factor was the pass I received from the concierge for the Holocaust museum which allowed me to skip the line and walk right in. <br/><br/>Stay in the Westin or W hotels in DC, while there I stopped in and wished I had! 
104826351	 I have treaveled a lot, and usually stay in minimum 4 star properties with a lot of amenities, like a pool, sauna, etc., Eventhough this hotel lacked such, it had the BEST of everything else. Top of the line linens, mattress and pillows. Extremely clean with a huge bathroom containing very fluffy towels and yummy toiletries, even bathrobe and slippers were provided. If missing anything, just call and you get it right away. Wake up calls are punctual (since I had to get up eveyday at 6:00 AM it was important to me.) I needed a quiet room, and got it - just no view.<br/><br/>The location is excellent. Just a 3 minute walt to Dupont Circle where you can eat anything you like, try Bistro, Bistro - great food at excellent prices. The hotel has a Jockey Club restaurant with excellent food too. The drinks are well mixed and at very reasonable prices at teh Fairfax lounge. Did not try the fitness room - didn't have the time. The Metro is a 4 minute walk and an excellent way to travel - you do not need a car in DC, just like in NY it would be superfluous. <br/><br/>The staff are great, always a smile, helpful and knowledgeable. Overall a 5 and 1/2 STAR. 
103547066	 Our family just returned from our first trip to DC. When planning, we checked out hotel after hotel and finally decided on the Fairfax in Dupont. We heard that downtown DC turned into a ghost town after 6 (we learned, it does!) and had been advised against staying right in the Downtown area. We definitely wanted to be somewhere that had a nightlife suitable for families and teenagers. Well, Dupont was IT and the Fairfax was the perfect compliment to this beautiful neighborhood. <br/><br/>First, the hotel is beautiful, the room decor gorgeous and beds heavenly. I am one of those moms who notices everything and I couldn't find anything to complain about. Nothing was dirty, dusty or broken. The staff was always friendly and helpful. Big smiles and courteous greetings each time we came or went. The concierge was always at the front desk to help with dining suggestions, entertainment or any needs we had. We needed tickets and directions printed a number of times and they were happy to ablige. I was most impressed when we tipped, the staff was very appreciative. No one acted like it was expected. Our room was plenty big enough for the four of us. Storage space was limited but when we made use of the nightstand drawers and a fold down shelf under the TV, we had plenty of space to store our clothes for the week. <br/><br/>The Fairfax is only a 2-5 minute walk to the metro station which was a huge convenience. Each morning we walked a block up to Starbucks on one corner of Dupont and then got the kids hot fresh Krispy Kreme doughnuts at another. Two more steps and we were at the metro station. If you want a slower morning, there were a variety of places close by. A gorgeous french cafe caught my eye but we never did find the morning time to visit. Late nights, we had a lot of choices for nice dinners, quick bites or cafes to linger in. Our favorite place was Afterwords (behind Kramer Books) because it was only 2 blocks from the hotel and open late (24 hours on Friday and Saturday). <br/><br/>When the weather was nice, people were out and happy. This was the perfect place for our vacation. We're already talking about a return trip and I can guarantee, if there are rooms available, we'll be staying at the Fairfax again. <br/><br/>The only downside (truly this is the ONLY thing I can say bad about anything) to our stay was the view from our room. We looked out at the brick Embassy next door and the old empty windows kind of creeped me out. Not a problem during the day but at night we closed the blackout shades. As a Starwood preferred guest, that was a little dissappointing. Next time I'll be sure and request a different view. 
102941481	 Beautiful property with classical decor. Staff is great and courteous. Has more of a NYC apartment building feel than a hotel- a welcoming difference. Walking distance to all the embassies, Dupont Circle / Metro and tasty eateries, including Thai, Moroccan, French. In fact, we even walked from here to the Washington Monument because it was a nice day. <br/><br/>Rooms are sized well, with space for luggage &amp; cribs, and large windows for letting the sun in. 
102851969	 We stayed for a long weekend at this property and it exceeded our expectations. The room was clean and quiet. The location is in a lovely neighborhood off Dupont Circle and as the name suggests it is on Embassy Row so there were many interesting buildings to look at as we strolled around. The only drawback is that you do really have to take the metro to get to tourist areas but it is economical and reliable. We did walk back once from the mall (stopping once for coffee along the way on GW campus) but it is a very long walk We got a reasonable rate including breakfast which was very good and served in our room each day at the promised time. 
220950481	 Lovely hotel ambience, wonderful DuPont location, attentive and hospitable staff in all departments, comfortable and nicely-appointed rooms, excellent buffet breakfast. My husband and I have stayed at The Fairfax numerous times and wouldn't think of staying anywhere else on future visits to DC! 
220273011	 Washington DC has many fine hotels. For value, accommodations, and service, the Fairfax at Embassy Row is a great place to stay. The staff is especially knowledgeable and friendly. The Fairfax is central to everything and not a bad walk from Georgetown. I recommend it. 
220138212	 The hotel was classic and in our absolute ideal location - steps from The Phillips Gallery, Dupont Circle shops, lovely neighborhoods, the Metro and restaurants. The room was on the 8th floor, beautifully appointed and quiet with a fine view of Massachusetts Ave (which I had requested based on other Trip Advisor reviews) and the Indonesian Embassy. Upon check-in we were asked our morning newspaper preference. We asked for the New York Times but it wasn't there in the a.m. When we checked with the front desk, they explained that they couldn't get the NYT but that if the Washington Post was okay, they would add that as our #2 choice. The Post was there the next morning. So when you cherk in have several choices.<br/>The staff was very attentive. The doormen were always ready to open doors and get cabs if we needed them (which we didn't). The woman who cleaned our room was very kind and left us extra packets of regular coffee when we asked.<br/><br/>There weren't enough electrical outlets near the bed – all were filled with plugs from radio, lamps, phone, etc., so next time I'll bring a surge strip since I use my phone for a sound machine. The lobby was small so that when a lot of guests were there, it was really jammed. 
219649856	 Lovely old world hotel. We had a lovely suite, and a very spacious bathroom. Bar area was lovely, very spectacular looking. Staff very friendly. Location was fabulous, plenty of restaurants to choose from. My only issue was the breakfast, waitress never to be seen when refills of coffee needed. Expensive for what we got. She even returned the bill as I hadn't included a tip! ( l didn't feel it was good enough service to include). We went out for breakfast other days which was cheaper and excellent service and value. Despite this, I would certainly stay again. 
219486821	 A little unorganized at check in, had to call front desk 3 times for bedding for the pull out couch after the hotel changed my room. After situated my room was clean and comfortable. Good location for restaurants within walking distance. I would definitely stay there again. 
218743443	 The Fairfax is a beautiful hotel. I had a room near the elevator and the doors are not very sound proof. I got the &quot;bing&quot; and voices late each night. I wish hotels would post signs on the elevator banks reminding them that people are trying to sleep. Request a room away from the street and elevators (if you are a light sleeper). For a luxury hotel their hair dryers and irons are old and cheap. They need to upgrade those items. I got turn down service on my last stay, but not this time? I had an early morning flight and no one was around to assist, I had to call back for the frond desk, he then tried to help with a taxi, but his phone began to ring and I told him not to worry I can handle it. It is a great hotel, but seems to be slipping a bit, hopefully they can get it fixed and keep the &quot;luxury&quot; in their name. Choose it if the price is right. 
130034393	 We have stayed at the Fairfax on several occasions, both for business and for pleasure. It is a smaller hotel, which we enjoy. The staff are friendly and accommodating. The rooms are large and airy. The location is perfect - just a little off of Dupont Circle, so it's not too busy but within seconds you can get anywhere you are trying to go. 
129954886	 I took my significant other on a much needed weekend away. Here goes: <br/><br/>1. We arrived and immediately, I was hit with a rude, short Bellman. He didn't speak or say, &quot;Welcome to The Fairfax at Embassy Row&quot;. He started writing down my license plate and asked for my keys. I was stunned. No professionalism at all.<br/><br/>2. There is a standing sign outside the front door with valet pricing. $40 overnight or $26 daily. I wasn't made aware of the valet cost when I reserved our room nor when I checked in. <br/><br/>3. I used the Birth Year Promotion. You pay the standard rate for the 1st night and then you use the last two digits of your birth year for the 2nd and 3rd nights. Our first night was $219 and $69 for the 2nd night. When I received the reservation confirmation email, the rate was $219 for the 1st night and $169 for the 2nd night. It was $69 + 100. I quickly called the hotel and spoke with two different people to clarify what the correct rate should be. Both agents told me the 2nd night should be $69, not $169. They put a note on the reservation with this information.<br/><br/>4. When I checked in,Tee, went over my rates and he quoted $169 as the 2nd night rate. I wasn't too happy with that. I called Reservations and he checked with his manager. The rate was adjusted to $69.<br/><br/>5. During check-in, I was asked to choose between the USA Today or the Washington Post. I selected the USA Today. I didn't receive a newspaper because we checked in on Friday and the USA Today isn't printed on the weekend. So why ask?<br/><br/>6. We stayed in room 621. Which was on the back of the hotel, in the alley. The room was small, but nice. We heard the trash truck early in the morning and the beeping of car horns.<br/><br/>7. There isn't free WiFi. It's about $13 per day. I think if you're paying that kind of money to stay at The Fairfax, WiFi should be included.<br/><br/>8. We walked everywhere. The location is great. There are great places to eat and sight-see. We loved the Skion restaurant. The people were friendly and nice. We took a Pedicab Tour and loved our guide. <br/><br/>9. Overall, we liked the decor of the hotel and our room. I will stay in Dupont Circle again, but probably not at The Fairfax. <br/><br/>10. I would like a reply to my review. 
129952859	 Stayed here for two nights recently for the ending of our around the world travel adventure on The Global Scavenger Hunt. The lobby is small, but the bar area and restaurant are large as are rooms. The staff was welcoming and helpful...close to Dupont Circle and Metro (a sad state of affairs there!) A great value... 
129798843	 I quite liked this hotel. Pretty comfortable overall. Close to the metro, and lots of fun food and strolling options in Dupont. Also, a nice 20 minute walk to Metro Center on a temperate day. There are a few things though that make it fall just short of an A. First, they either seem to have way too many people standing around the front door doing nothing, or no one at all. I had no one to help me with enormous bag, plus their front door is small, heavy, and awkward to navigate with luggage. Second, as someone else noted below, they ask you for your preference of newspaper. I said Washington Post. Of course, of the four nights I stayed there, two came with USA Today, and two came with no paper at all. You shouldn't ask if you're not going to make an effort to honor the request. Final negative, there's a LOT of hall noise, and you can hear it very clearly. I was near the elevator, and every night, there were a lot of young people going out. Must be close to graduation or something. I was up pretty late working every night, but if I had been trying to sleep, I would have been pretty irritated.<br/><br/>All these issues, except for the thin walls, are pretty easy to fix, and I would gladly stay here again. 
129552603	 I would like to mention Katie and Tee at the front desk who specifically are awesome and always helpful. In addition, Katie's sunshine always picks me up when I come back from a stressful day at work. Thank you! 
129512855	 We had to make a trip to Washington, DC to visit colleges for my daughter. We wanted something close to Foggy Bottom, but also near the Metro. We chose the Fairfax at Embassy Row, and were very pleased by the service and the location.<br/><br/>The hotel is very charming for a mid-size hotel. The service was impeccable, and the beds were fantastic. We like Queen beds, and this is one of the few hotels in Washington that offered double Queen Beds.<br/><br/>The only thing that was missing from this hotel was a swimming ppol -- but the other charms of the hotel more than made up for this one lacking amenity. 
183413509	 Recently my husband and I stayed to the Fairfax and had a wonderful time. I travel to DC for work all the time and have stayed at many hotels in the immediate area and I have yet to find one that had the same level of professionalism and customer service. From the front desk service who gave us a great room to the maintenance staff who's simple act of thoughtful kindness (hitting the elevator button for us as they passed by.) The Fairfax hotel is a wonderful retreat from the rush of activity that is DC. We have a new home away from home when we visit DC! 
183301732	 This hotel was historical and beautiful; the room was much, much larger than expected. Comfy bed, pretty area, a lot of shops/bars/restaurants in walking distance. Bed was exceptional. Would definitely stay again. 
183139933	 I stayed here recently. A beautiful hotel, in a perfect location: a couple blocks from a Metro station, and a quick walk to DuPont Circle and within walking distance to everything.The entire staff was wonderful. The room is pretty nice and clean and the bed is very confortable. 
183000198	 I stayed here recently. The entire staff was wonderful. The food was a bit pricey but it was delicious. The tomato soup and grilled cheese was simply yummy. It was close to the subway and within walking distance to everything. If I return, I would consider the Fairfax again. <br/><br/><br/><br/><br/> 
182970322	 I liked the Fairfax, a very nice hotel close to Dupont Circle. Check in was efficient and very quick and my room was ready early in the day. The room itself was fairly large--nothing special but a big comfortable bed. There was a mini bar but for some reason it was not stocked. I was there for a conference and the public rooms were also very nice. There was a bar but it did not seem very interesting.<br/><br/>I did order room service and it was tasty and hot--tomato soup and a well cooked burger. It came quickly which is always nice when you are hungry.<br/><br/>I am not sure that I would stay there again as it did not have any real interesting features but it certainly is an acceptable choice. 
182932007	 A beautiful hotel, in a great location. Only a couple blocks from a Metro station, and a quick walk to DuPont Circle. Plenty of places for drinks, dinner and entertainment close by. Staff was very friendly, hotel was very clean. 
77593290	 I had a great stay while attending the Glen Beck rally in DC. Our group of 38 was given a discount price and outstanding service. Judy, at the front desk, went out of her way to help. The room was spacious and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was very nice. It was also very quiet. It was an easy walk to GWU and in a nice neighborhood with nice little restaurants. The bagel shop a block away was excellent!<br/><br/>Thank you. I will definitely try to stay here again. 
76383650	 I do not write positive reviews often, but I found this hotel above pair. First we had a room that was huge. It had two queen beds, a sleeper sofa, two full size chairs, an ottoman, desk, and full size dresser. Even with all of the furniture, we still had plenty of room to move around.<br/><br/>The room was very well appointed with very nice drapes and paintings. The furniture was update and very warm.<br/><br/>The location of the hotel was in very easy walking distance to the dupont circle metro station. 
75975950	 My wife and 20 yr.old son just had a fantastic stay at the Fairfax. From the bellmen to waiters to cleaning staff, they were first rate. We had an initial problem when we checked in, with a strong odor from construction. Once we brought this to their attention, they moved us to a superior room, on a much higher floor, away from the odor. My wife's original post was horselover11, when she was not so happy. But there was a major weather event which precluded the Manager from responding immediately. Once that passed, they bent over backwards to make us happy, and I very much appreciate their professionalism and consideration. I would highly recommend this hotel. I am a physician who travels often for education and pleasure, and couldn't be more pleased with our stay. 
74991311	 Stayed here for 7 days while doing some work in DC.<br/><br/>I wa a little surprised at how quiet and surburban the area was - if you can call a neighbourhood full of embassy's surburban! But, Dupont Circle was 5 minutes walk away. Directly behind the Hotel was a street with cafes, shops, bars etc. A perfect location.<br/><br/>The hotel is small. The bedrooms are fine and have the superb Starwood Group beds. The staff are excellent. I was greteed by name every day. The Concierge who I dealt with could not do enough to help. Truly excellent service.<br/><br/>Willd efinitely stay again when in Washington. 
74832662	 We arrived today. They put us in a room and the smell on the whole floor of the Hotel was unbearable. They are doing some renovations and smelled of heavy metal and glue. It made our eyes water and I was nauseated. I saw a employee and he said that he was light headed. They did move us to the fourth floor and the smell is is better but still present. <br/>I am looking to move to a hotel for our 5 day family vacation. 
74787029	 Prior to booking this hotel, I was slightly skeptical, as I'd read a few reviews which had negative comments about the friendliness of the staff. However, I did not experience any issues whatsoever with the staff. On the contrary, they were all extremely helpful and friendly, and didn't seem to mind taking time to give directions, provide suggestions for where to go, etc. The hotel was great value for money (especially considering it's a Luxury Collection Hotel) and is in a great location with lots of restaurants nearby. The only downside is that the rooms are a little on the small side. However, they are well-appointed, and the bed was lovely. Overall, great value for money! I would definitely stay at this hotel when in Washinton, DC again. 
238125991	 I LOVE the Fairfax. The location is perfect in that it is so close to the red line, and also that there are great areas to walk around it. The hotel and its rooms are lovely and so comfortable. It is the perfect place to return to after a day of walking all around the city. The service is consistenly top of the line, and everyone makes you feel like you are the most important guest in the hotel. 
238092617	 The hotel is located close to the metro and a number of good restaurants that make this an ideal place to stay. Aside from that, the rooms were nice and if you like a gym, they have some good equipment and free weights. 
238088456	 The hotel staff is top notch. You are greeted warmly and have the door opened for you when you come and go. The rooms are extremely clean and very comfortable. The beds are very comfortable. Wifi is not free. There is no view to speak of. The restaurant is very good but very pricey. Our key had to be replaced the first three days we were there, not sure what was causing it. Each member of the hotel staff was courteous and professional. I have no complaints, and only one caution. Breakfast is not cheap at all, and if you are not a big eater, walk the two or three blocks to one of the nearby restaurants. <br/><br/>Although not close to the main attractions it is very close to the metro/subway. Which will take you anywhere. There are plenty of restaurants near the hotel. Across the street is the Phillips collection art museum, very nice collection of American artists. A very good museum and really should not be missed if you are this close. <br/><br/>I will stay here again due to the great service the hotel offers and very clean and comfortable rooms. 
237912339	 Stayed here while attending Navy-Notre Dame game. We were very happy with the location. It's just a couple blocks from the DuPont Circle Metro stop, and there were several restaurants close by. Doorman and bellman were always attentive, front desk staff was very nice.<br/>Our room was a suite, and while the bedroom part was a bit small, it was very thoughtfully laid out. The bathroom was surprisingly large, and the sitting area was comfortable. The bed was comfortable, didn't find the noise to be a problem. The whole thing was just a very nice experience. I would almost rate it &quot;excellent&quot; but I don't want to water down the rating.<br/>Only issue we had was a bartender in the grill who really seemed to not know her stuff. Was looking for red wines in the fridge, didn't have any idea of the beers that they had. A small problem, but I could see if someone were already having a bad day, it might be too much. 
237872594	 My group recently stayed at the Fairfax at Embassy Row Hotel at Dupont Plaza. This hotel worked perfectly for our group as it was in a great neighborhood, close to restaurants and also close to transit (Metrorail).The hotel was very well kept and the service was great. The rooms were very well finished and clean. We had a great stay at this hotel and will come back to it the next time our group is in DC. 
237822349	 We reserved 6 rooms for a reunion and received a fabulous rate. The room was small but decorated tastefully and the amenities were great. I am always impressed when a hotel has bath sheets. The bed was extremely comfortable. The service was great. We had dinner one night in the restaurant and the food was lackluster but we had a nice big table in an alcove in front of the fireplace which was very nice. There are many great restaurants within walking distance or a short cab ride. I would definitely go back. 
218492456	 this is a lovely hotel with large rooms in a very quaint location. The service is superb and the location just can't be beat. the restaurants on P street are such fun, and all of the DC sights an easy metro stop or two away. I was here on business for almost a week; great place to call home!! 
218457798	 The hotel was nice, the service was not. Walking into the Fairfax, I expected the hospitality to match the decor: Elegant and cozy, in a &quot;grandma's parlor&quot; way. Unfortunately, only one doorman (of the four we saw during our stay) greeted us and seemed to care about the hotel's guests; and the people at the front desk were far more focused on the screens in front of them than on the people. I didn't expect them to treat us like royalty; but I've stayed at other Starwood hotels, and they've all had excellent service, with warm welcomes for their guests. When you travel a lot and stay at comparable hotels -- clean and comfortable beds, private bathrooms, decent toiletries, in-room coffee maker -- the little things, like human kindness, matter. A lot. This is the first Starwood hotel that I would *NOT* recommend to a friend. <br/><br/>If the price is right and you just need a clean room to rest between your daily/nightly adventures, the Fairfax will do. But if you want your entire stay to be a great experience and frequently rely on local staff for good recommendations, there are so many other better hotel options in the DC area!<br/><br/>P.S. I've read other people's reviews who've reported that they received great service. Maybe we didn't because we look young and were dressed casually, so they didn't take us seriously? Who knows why the disparity. :-/ 
218178958	 Spacious Rooms, Wonderful Atmosphere, Most Accommodating Staff. Had a wonderful stay and trip thanks to this Amazing Property. Would definitely recommend, and looking forward to stay again. The parking attendants deserve an extra mention for their helpfulness. 
218029288	 I have traveled to DC many times for business and pleasure. This was my first experience staying at the Fairfax and highly recommend the facility.<br/><br/>The front desk and door staff were very friendly. My room was much larger than expected and well equipped. I love hot showers with strong water pressure and this hotel was one of the best ever. The wi-fi was not complimentary, however the speed was good throughout my stay (five nights). 
217641624	 I stay there with my husband and 3 kids (11, 6 and 8 yo) for 6 nights. The room was huge. Lots of space for our stuff. There were 5 huge windows, lots of light. It was very clean. We didn't eat breakfast there, but we ate in places around it. It was a long walk to the national mall, around 30 minutes, but it was a fun and enjoyable walk. I recommend this hotel. 
217618784	 What a complete delight. Had an event at the Naval Observatory and wanted a convenient location. Checked on the SPG website to find this wonderful hotel at a great rate! Julie &amp; Catherine were fabulous at check-in, room was lovely, enjoyed a drink in the handsome bar...Anxious to return! 
166542835	 Top drawer hotel. Lovely rooms and superior staff!! Yummy food .. Best ever! Was there for a long wedding weekend. Super helpful concierge for tickets to trolley and events!! Close to some fun casual eateries. I can't say enough about how wonderful this hotel is. There is a gym on the second floor for those who need to work out while vacationing!! 
166229397	 We plugged 2 cell phones into 2 different chargers. Once charged, we removed our phones and went out. Upon our return, after the room had been serviced, only 1 cord remained! When the management looked into the problem, they determined that the housekeeping staff knew nothing about it - big surprise!!! No further explanation was offered and no remuneration. We were allowed to pick through the lost and found for a substitute charging cord! <br/>I would never knowingly stay at a hotel, no matter how nice, if my belongings are not secure. 
166226329	 My daughters and I just spent two nights at the Fairfax. We couldn't have asked for a better hotel and staff. The room was exceptionally spacious, spotless and comfortable. The hotel itself was nestled in a quiet neighborhood (Embassy Row) within quick walking distance to the subway, restaurants and stores. Make sure to eat at the DC Cafe, which is only a block from the hotel ~ excellent food and service and reasonably priced. Would definately stay here again. 
166119448	 I have stayed in numerous hotels during law enforcement memorial week in DC and this hotel tops them all! After a slight mix up on rooms (which the staff handled with no problems) we had a great 3 day stay. Rooms are very nice, staff was very professional and the hotel itself sits on quite embassy row away from all the traffic. Only a block and half away from the redline which drops you at judiciary square. I will stay at this hotel again next year!<br/>Only 1 thing.......soda machine! No stores close and only the ice machine in the hallway. :( <br/> 
165818820	 I stayed her for almost a week and found the location to be close to restaurants and the metro station. The hotel itself is a bit dated and the platinum perks are a bit antiquated. There is no club level room or free drink perks ect offered at check in for SPG Platinum members. A regular upgraded room is just slightly bigger than a regular room. I requested a better room after the third night stay and was upgraded to a Jr. suite. The suite had a separate living room but a single vanity. The wifi is free and there is a self catering business center. The Concierge is very knowledgeable and friendly. In fact, so is the rest of the staff that we encountered. This hotel stay didn't really remind me of other luxury collection I have stayed at overseas but I understand that the expectations are a bit different in the USA. Overall it was a moderately priced hotel for DC and I enjoyed my stay. The beds are fantastic and you will sleep like a champ. 
165767538	 We just got back from our first trip to DC and the entire family loved staying at the Fairfax. I was concerned that the younger kids might not fit in at what seemed like a more business oriented hotel but, that wasn't the case at all. The rooms were great and the beds extremely comfortable. It was the customer service though that made the experience. Every employee that we interacted with made us all feel special. The concierge we worked with the most....Quatina....really stood out though for truly exceptional service. She helped us plan every detail, recommended perfect restaurants and helped us navigate around the city on the Metro. This hotel might cost a bit more than another you are considering but if you value customer service...and need the help of the Concierge.....the Fairfax is worth it! 
243409789	 Because this property is a Luxury Collection, my expectations were high. Our hotel room was a bit dated and felt a bit run down. No problems in the room, but also nothing very memorable- except the view from the room. <br/>I was disappointed with the SPG Platinum breakfast - they add a surcharge of $6/person if you want to access the entire buffet -otherwise you simply get the &quot;continental breakfast&quot; part of the bar. I've never seen anything like that - and, while $6 isn't going to break the bank, it just leaves a bad taste in your mouth that they're nickel-and-diming you.<br/>The location is in the heart of Dupont Circle and a great area to walk around. The Sunday's farmers market is a block away and was a nice nearby treat.<br/>Service was okay - the valet parking staff was not very helpful in directing us when we first drove up to the hotel, causing a lot of confusing and ultimately resulting in us having to unload our luggage in the rain rather than under the awning. <br/>The hotel furniture is something that grandma would love - and there's nothing wrong with that, and it can be very charming. But if you're looking for something more modern than yellow wallpaper and more updated than a small unremarkable shower, you might be better served at another hotel. 
243198743	 Stayed at this hotel during recent business trip to DC. It is a lovely hotel with exceptional staff. The overall feel is simply elegant. <br/>The rooms are slightly small but well appointed. The only down side is the location, iF you are working on Capitol Hill. Otherwise, it's perfectly located on the beautiful embassy row. Highly recommend upper floor. 
242803630	 Friends recommended The Fairfax, and if anything it surpassed our expectations. I don't think we've ever come across such pleasant, helpful and efficient staff, welcoming and helping us from the first moment to the last. The bedroom and bathroom were just right, the lobby and restaurant were a pleasure to be in and the location for tourists such as ourselves was excellent. Our only grouse was that the wifi in the room wasn't strong enough to support WhatsApp or FaceTime, and that while the wifi in the lobby did allow these to run, once more than two people were using it, it too failed. 
242613669	 We lucked into this wonderful hotel (a SPG property) during a stay in DC over Thanksgiving. Fantastic location, just a block off Dupont Circle. Very nice, spacious rooms and overall, a very elegant property. Staff were very friendly, always welcoming back in the front door. Good bar off the lobby and an outstanding restaurant for breakfast off the lobby as well. I'll definitely stay at this property again. Got a great deal on Hotels.com, otherwise the price would be on the high side for sure. 
242563037	 I recently stayed at the Fairfax for business. From the front desk staff to room service, the experience was extraordinary. The staff was helpful and friendly and not stuffy. Their restaurant reviews were dead on and I even got a great place to buy a inexpensive jacket. I misjudged the weather. The front desk clerk spotted my attire and place or origin (San Diego) and inquired about a heavier jacket. When I said I had none, she told me where to go to get a jacket so that I could keep warm. The room and the bathroom were clean, comfortable and very large. They even had a scale in the bathroom. dupont circle is a great location and I enjoyed seeing the embassies on my walk to the Metro. Next time, I am brining the family! 
242504972	 We spent three days over Thanksgiving at The Fairfax. The staff was generally pleasant - not as friendly as I was expecting from other reviews. The room was fine, the bed was comfortable, and I loved the pillows. We also loved the location as it allowed us to walk to the places we needed to be in the Dupont Circle area. We were able to walk to and from The Kennedy Center (about 1.2 miles). Depending on our planned activities, I would definitely stay here again. 
145861819	 We stayed at the Fairfax November 15-20 celebrating our anniversary. I booked this room through Hotwire not knowing in advance which property we would end up staying at. Upon arrival they could not have been nicer and to our surprise we ended up in a two room suite.<br/><br/>Each time we entered the lobby we were greeted warmly. Peter, the concierge, helped us each evening with dinner and we were never disappointed. This property is on the same scale as a Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons. No amenities are missing in your room and who doesn't love the nightly turn-down service.<br/><br/>We would definitely stay here again and I highly recommend this property to anyone visiting D.C. The location is excellent with many dining choices within walking distance. 
145855815	 I stayed here for a few nights for business. The check-in was ok - I note the clerk wasn't all that friendly but I talked to another clerk the next day and she was great - very friendly and courteous. <br/><br/>Positives: The room was very charming - the rooms were as depicted in the hotel's photos. The thermostat worked very well and was very quiet. The bathroom came with a shower/tub combo; it was roomy and equipped with higher-end products. The room also has flat screen tv, nice fluffy towels, robe, firm mattress and fairly firm down pillows, as well as nicer sheets. The hotel had two sets of elevators and I never had problems getting down to the lobby. Very friendly doormen and room service attendant who showed up promptly with my pre-ordered breakfast nearly every day (except the last day - a different attendant) on time. Also, the location is fantastic - only a block from the DuPont Circle metro station, a 24 hour CVS, local bars (Hotel Palomar has fantastic bar/restaurant and is just behind Fairfax), restaurants, and an easy walk to central DC areas. <br/><br/>Some room for improvement: I had asked for a quiet room and was placed on the third floor in a room that faced the building next door that was just a few feet away. I had to keep the curtains drawn all the time as people in the next building could see straight into my room. This wasn't a problem for me, as I was away most of the day and only used my room to sleep in. Also, you could hear the traffic noise (mainly when a bus went by) but it didn't really bother me and the area is so quiet anyway at night that noise was not a problem. <br/><br/>The room service was quite adequate for most of my stay (I only had breakfast ordered in so I can't comment on the quality of other food). The only problem was that on the last day, the maid had forgotten to leave the pre-order menu in the room, so I had to call for my breakfast and it took them an hour to get it to me, unlike the prior days. A minor annoyance and fortunately didn't interrupt my schedule but annoying nevertheless. 
145809572	 My wife and I stayed at the Fairfax in early November for our anniversary and had a great time. The hotel is in a great location. It felt safe and was close to the dupont circle metro station and some nice restaurants (including the one in the hotel).<br/><br/>The conceirge and staff were very helpful with great restaurant recommendations, tips, and a different set of pillows for my picky wife. We had drinks and food in the lounge downstairs, which was wonderful (although the server could have used a lesson on friendliness). <br/><br/>The room was a little smaller than I'd expected and faced an alley instead of the street, but it was comfortable, clean, and what we needed. I'd suggest if you were going to stay in the hotel for extended periods of time to upgrade from the basic room. <br/><br/>One thing I need to say (and this is applicable to all hotels) is: What's the deal with charging guests for wireless internet? This is nothing against this hotel, because it seems like all hotels in larger cities or above a certain price do it. You can get free wireless at cheap hotels or even at the McDonald's, but when you stay at a 5 star hotel you need to pay for it? It doesn't make sense to me.<br/><br/>Overall, for the price we paid (which was lower than most hotels in the city actually), this was a great stay and I would highly recommend. 
145460503	 I have been staying at the Fairfax for years. I consider it my home when I am in Washington. The property is aging but elegant. Accomodations are very comfortable, and food is excellent. The bar is cozy and inviting. But the best part of this hotel is the staff. The staff have been with them for years, some for decades, and they go out of their way to make one feel welcome and valued as a client. After several years away, when I pulled up in front of the hotel, the bellman said, &quot;I thought you had a red car.&quot; He was correct. The last time I had stayed there I did indeed have a red car. I was amazed that he remembered.<br/><br/>Compared to other luxury hotels in DC, the price is reasonable as well.<br/><br/>The location of the property is excellent. It is a wonderful neighborhood for a walk, and the hotel is very close to the Philips Collection. 
145273616	 I stayed at the Fairfax for two nights. The staff was very friendly and helpful, first rate service. When my original room only had a shower, they happily moved me to another room with a bathtub. There was some sort of temperature governor on the faucet that was set too low, so a repairman was sent up to fix the problem within 5 minutes of my complaint. <br/>The lounge bar was remarkable for several reasons. First, it is lovely and clubby with nice wi-fi. The lunch special included the best tomato soup I've ever had. Tea is served correctly, in a pot, with a cup and saucer, fitting the sort of British riding/sailing club mood. I was working so the waiter moved the table around so that I had enough room to spread out and work. Very attentive service.<br/>The bar had very helpful and fun staff who took obvious pride in their work, refusing to use bottled lime juice for the best whiskey sour I've ever had--fresh lime only.<br/>I didn't eat in the restaurant, the once the famous Jockey Club, but the fabulous grand marnier souffle can be enjoyed in the bar. The bartenders were kind enough to rush my souffle order in to make it before closing. The souffle is the best anywhere, and I'm told the same person has been in charge if these works of art for 30+ years. Ditto for the person assigned to the steak tartare. I didn't try the steak but it will be the first thing I try on my next visit. The folks making these dishes are a national treasure. The scene, mood and the style is all Mad Men, for real. 
145247430	 The hotel staff were very friendly, and the location near Dupont Circle was excellent. I'd give it 4.5 if I could.<br/>I had a room facing the street, 2nd floor, and had no trouble sleeping with the window open. The rooms were of decent size - only thing I missed was a bathtub rather than just a gigantic shower. :)<br/>Possible minuses for some: <br/>Very expensive bar, as well as breakfast ($24, before tips).<br/>No seating section in lobby.<br/>You have to pay for wifi (or use the free wifi in the lobby). 
177412075	 Decent, smallish hotel in excellent location, though not does not meet international standards of “luxury”. My room was 828.<br/>Pros; <br/>1) Outstanding location near Dupont Circle and metro<br/>2) Staff who appear genuinely friendly and helpful<br/>3) Rooms that are clean and well maintained albeit a little small (mine was about 10x15 excluding bathroom and hall) <br/>4) Comfortable beds with nice linens<br/>5) Good selection of soaps and of toiletries for hair and body that are replenished daily. <br/><br/>Cons: <br/>1) Lobby is essentially a hallway; only two small chairs immediately in front of one bank of elevators- not good place for meeting/socializing<br/>2) Breakfast buffet extremely expensive<br/>3) Shower but no bath in some rooms including mine<br/>4) Hot water temperature dangerously high – at a level where severe scalding with minimum exposure would occur and no temperature guide on shower mixer unit or safe detent position. This is a catastrophe waiting to happen for a child or an elderly person. <br/>5) Internet exorbitant – and have to pay per device. While internet is nominally “free in public areas”, unless you want to sit in the restaurant or squat in the entrance lobby (see #1 above) few such public places are available . A luxury hotel should at least meet the standards of a budget motel chain by providing basic level WiFi in the rooms. By all means charge for high-speed access, but basic connectivity should be treated the same way as a television, sheets, towels and toilet paper and included in the room rate. Perhaps the high internet fees cover the insurance for concern #5<br/>6) Each room contains its own air conditioner unit. Mine was in a ventilated cupboard about 1 foot from the head of the bed. Both compressor start up (KERCLUNK ) and shut down (KERHISSSSSSS) were extremely noisy and when the unit was running there was a constant 120 cycle hum that had me dreaming of giant mosquitos until I was again woken by the compressor turning off. This is not a fault in the compressor, but a flaw in the room design. These units should not be in ventilated cupboards next to a guest’s head.<br/><br/>So, if you bring sleeping pills, a collapsible chair for the lobby and a wireless data plan for your computer, and if you also take care using the hot water, you can safely enjoy the many other genuine benefits this hotel has to offer and turn it into a 4 star experience 
177232320	 If you like charming old hotels, this is the place for you!<br/><br/>We enjoyed our room. Enjoyed our stay. Enjoyed the friendly service -- the staff was obviously well trained and seemed friendly without being phony.<br/><br/>I would recommend the hotel to anyone staying in the area. To top it off we got a nice weekend rate making it a great value.<br/><br/>The ONLY reason I can't go &quot;five dots&quot; is the size of the bathroom. If you're alone -- no problem. And my wife and I actually like each other... so no problem. But it was a really small bathroom. Think &quot;closet-sized bathroom.&quot; Nice, neat and clean. But small.<br/><br/>Thanks for reading. 
176878014	 Wonderful hotel located close to Dupont Circle Metro. Staff was very helpful and service was excellent. Rooms were comfortable and clean. Only complaint was the small refriferator did not keep drinks very cold. Would absolutley stay here again. 
176876154	 The Capitol City is like no other to experience national pride and to witness the numbers of tourists and people in DC for business which creates a range of choices for hotels. <br/><br/>My husband was attending a conference held at the Fairfax Embassy Row which is in the Historic DuPont area next to beautiful diplomatic homes from around the world. The hotel seems focused on business clients rather than tourists -- yet is near a residential area chock full of restaurants, shops, banks, young people, etc. <br/><br/>It has a small but lovely lobby area, a nice restaurant that serves a good quality buffet breakfast @ $30, a credible fitness center, and cozy bar area. Our King Standard faced Mass ave and was spacious enough for my husband who is a &quot;spreader.&quot; Though the bathroom was on the small side, the lighting was good and the water pressure excellent. They have Frette towels and quality personal amenities. The bed was comfortable but the down pillows too large for me so i requested a standard size. Decor is traditional and tastefully done and in keeping with the period architecture. <br/><br/>The high points were the excellent staff who seemed to genuinely love their jobs. This was evident in the doormen, housekeeping, food servers and front desk professionals. Quantina, Biji, Samina and Peter are names that come to mind though there were so many others. Everyone was helpful. <br/><br/>I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in DC. 
176812174	 This hotel has gone through many changes of orientation and management over the years before acquiring the Luxury Collection icon. In fact it seems to be undergoing some one more transition at present. The bottom line for now s a good hotel, perfectly located for business, restaurants, services. You certainly get good value for the money (especially if you have a corporate rate or some similar arrangement), but its better to moderate your expectations somewhat on Luxury, especially if you are beholden to a European yardstick for luxury. Rooms tend to be nice, convenient and spotlessly clean, fitness center good, bar and restaurant OK, and other services fine. It presents a far superior to many of its competitors in town thanks to its compact size and generally efficient services, 
176801646	 The hotel is comfortable, clean with lovely service. This is in an historic building and the rooms are understandably small. The location was convenient to both Georgetown as well as the key DC tourist sights (though we did a good deal of walking). Good value for the price. 
233888973	 The hotel location is very near DuPont Circle, close to subway and walking distance from lots of attractions and restaurants. Hotel is in an older building, lots of grand old world charm, feels like a hotel in a European old town. It's a starwood luxury collection so service was excellent but since it is an older hotel, rooms are on the smaller side (similar to NYC hotels). We had one bedroom suite, facing the front. It was a corner room, so some weird angles. Comfortable sitting area and separate bedroom with King bed (bed takes up most of the bedroom). Bathroom is spacious but shower only. Amenities are high end Remedy products. Bed is super comfortable and has blackout curtains, so slept very well. We are city folks but beware that rooms that face the street will hear some street noise, even on a hight floor. Didn't bother us.<br/><br/>We would absolutely stay hear again next time in DC. It's a block from The Philips Collection art museum and Brewmaster Historical Home. The neighborhood is very safe, we took after dinner walks every night to walk off dinner and look at all the cool architecture of the million dollar row houses. Also, checked out all the embassy buildings.<br/><br/>We walked to dinner every night to top rated restaurants: Restaurant Nora (2 blocks), Hank's Oyster Bar (0.5 mile) and Pearl Dive Oyster Palace (0.7 mile). Taxi stand right out front, always have taxi handy and metro is 3 blocks walk.<br/><br/>The location and convenience, and old world charm more than make up for a smaller sized room. <br/><br/>Would highly recommend this hotel and absolutely would stay here again.<br/><br/><br/><br/> 
233826551	 Have been staying at this hotel for years. It's a solid choice in a very convenient location. The wood paneled reception and bar are stunning and have a high end club feel. The rooms and beds are comfortable and what you would expect from SPG. The room decor is starting to get a bit dated and could use with a refresh but overall still a great property. 
233764260	 Classy luxury. Beautiful hotel with character. Rooms are well appointed with comfortable beds. Not &quot;standard&quot;. Ushers and desk staff remember you when you walk in. 15 walk to Georgetown<br/>. Le Pain Quotidian right around the corner for delicious breakfast. Would definitely stay here again. 
233750536	 I recently spent one night at the Fairfax Hotel, and I wish I could have stayed longer. The hotel opened in 1923 and has undergone renovations, but it still fits in the DuPont Circle area with its many embassies. Service was friendly and polite, but certainly not stuffy. The room was ample and comfortable, and the bathroom was everything anyone could want or expect. The hotel provides valet parking but at $50 per night. 
233462733	 Comfort, quality and location simply perfect in every way. First class professional staff - Shirley Phull who takes care of your reservations and will keep you informed throughout, Front Desk efficient and more than helpful throughout your stay. Again perfect.<br/><br/>We would never hesitate to recommend this landmark hotel where we have stayed for more than 10 years. 
233349337	 Not very central (except to Reagan airport) but only about $12 dollar taxi ride to centre. No free WiFi in rooms which was annoying at this price level. No mini bar either. Clean room and great toiletries in bathroom. Nice staff in restaurant but breakfast rather expensive for the limited choice offered. Would not stay again as better location and value elsewhere in Washington. 
199915445	 Loved this hotel, room was little small but had a kind of retro charm. Bed was very comfortable and staff were very helpful, helping us find restaurants in the evening and even making reservations for us. 
199305727	 The best part of this hotel is it's staff. The front desk/concierge was excellent. We enjoyed all their suggested places to eat and tips on traveling to major sites in the Washington D.C. area. The hotel was well maintained and room where larger than expected. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who visits Washington DC. Close to metro and safe. 
198836741	 This is a newly renovated and well maintained botique-feeling hotel a couple of blocks from rich cultural offerings of Dupont Circle. I am Priceline booker for all my DC hotel rooms four times a year, and this hotel accepted my bid for a moderate price. I have stayed in all of the 4 star hotels in the city in the past five years. I was initially disappointed that my favorite places had not taken my bid, and I knew nothing about this place. However, my disappointment quickly gave way to the delight of being treated like a king. There was no disparate treatment of me because i was paying so little through Priceline (as I sometime encounter). In the old hotel style, the rooms are small but not cramped, but with very large modernistic bathrooms, good electronics and fairly priced robust wifi, and excellent staff. The rooms are furnished with high quality linen, very large towels, crisp new carpet, and nice furnishings. One tableside lamp had an electrical outlet, and beneath the desk were other free outlets. The flatscreen tv had HDMI inputs, which were not &quot;locked&quot; as many hotels now do, thus allowing me to connect my computer so I could stream video on the robust wifi connection for the usual charge. The hotel has a trendy restaurant and bar, and prompt room service until 10:45pm. The food was appetizing and ample, and appropriately priced. The staff were all well trained in customer service, even with the maid leaving a handwritten note urging me to let her know of any unmet needs I had. The housekeeping service is vigilant, the &quot;do not disturb&quot; placard was fully honored (which is rare), and even if I left the room at 2pm, when I returned at 5pm the room had been cleaned. The front desk staff was fast and efficient, and I was greeted in the driveway by doormen who whisked my luggage inside, without waiting for any gratuity. The doormen had taxis or private drivers for me within two minutes each and every time, opened the passenger doors, and instructed the driver on my destination. In short, this property is extremely well managed, the staff is highly motivated, and gave me the impression throughout my stay that I was the key to the hotel's success. 
198709108	 Arrived this evening at 10:30 to find myself waiting 30 minutes for them to prepare thee last room in the place. At least I'm better off than the woman who walked in behind me, who is getting dished off to the Washington Plaza for the night. This after I specifically called earlier in the evening confirm a late check in and was told they wouldn't take my name. First And last stay here for this regular DC traveler. 
198630294	 Lovely old school hotel in the heart of a historic district...exactly what I look for when I travel. Room 546 was spacious with a great view of the square. The bathroom was a bit tight, but updated and with good shower pressure. The tub did drain slow as other travelers have mentioned, but in an old building that's not uncommon. The one complaint was housekeeping...inconsistent at best and one day they missed our room altogether. We also had to call down twice for room service breakfast menus. 
198553285	 I booked in this location to be in DuPont cu circle. The room was extremely dated and the view from my room was like an insane asylum from the twenties.it seems the bathroom was updated but not quite there. I requested a city view unfortunately that was not an option the from desk supervisor called me a female and she stated should have stayed at the W or Kimpton if I wanted a view. I was completely done.I would not stay here ever again. 
29144700	 I was a guest for just one night at this property. I will state that overall, I had an excellent stay. The hotel exterior was nice, which fit in properly with the neighborhood. It is in the gorgeous Dupont Circle/ Embassy Row neighborhood. It is within easy walking distance to so many beautiful places in the city, as well as restaurants. It is a brisk 15-20 minute walk to the primary DC attractions and museums. However, the metro stop is close by. <br/><br/>As far as parking, we found street parking, which on weekends is readily free in the surrounding neighborhoods. It is certainly safe, and you can avoid the valet parking charge. The front desk staff left a little to be desired. Both at check in and check out, only one person staffed the small desk and there always seemed to be a unnecessary wait. They also didn't appear to be smiling and over friendly. <br/><br/>The interior decor was pleasant, the elevators always readily available, and the rooms were very well appointed. We were on the 6th Floor and had a one king bed standard room. It appeared to be newly renovated within the last two years. Everything was very clean and well taken care of. The size of the room was sufficient for a downtown hotel. There was one odd painted over attempt stain on the ceiling, but I'm not sure what that was from. <br/><br/>Now...why do I say...Great Hotel, but maybe not for the brand. I don't know what requirements there are for a Starwood hotel to make Starwoods luxury collection, but when you classify it into the &quot;luxury collection&quot;, the word &quot;luxury&quot; can give you high expectations. I didn't feel the service defined &quot;luxury&quot;. Another example, was that we had an interior room facing other rooms. Instead of the trash blown macadam below and the ugly roof, they could turn that into a beautiful garden or outdoor oasis. That would define &quot;luxury&quot;<br/><br/>Of course, I did receive a wonderful Travelzoo rate, and for the price I paid, there would be no complaints. I'm just not sure that if you book under a regular rate, you would classify this as part of the &quot;luxury collection&quot; 
29072121	 My girlfriend and I decided on a last minute trip to DC at the beginning of April. The Fairfax seemed like good value and in a great location. We arrived on a Saturday afternoon at 2:15, and were told that our room was not availabe to check in. We left our two bags and my Ralph Lauren coat with the bellman, and went out to enjoy the day. When we returned I asked for our things to be brought to the room. My two bags arrived, but not my coat. They said that it must have been misplaced and said someone would bring it up. 1 hour went by and it was time for us to go out so I went to reception to ask what was going on. Nobody knew of my coat, the desk manager had simply chosen to go home and not bother to tell anyone about the missing coat. Having no choice, I was forced to go out in just my shirt. The next day it was fairly certain that my coat was missing, so the security manager took my details and promised that someone would get back to me.... nobody did. I had to spend my time repeatedly chasing up the hotel manager to get a response. Finally someone from the insurance company got in touch with me, and I was forced to settle for less than the coat was worth. To date, nobody from the hotel has apologised. I had a couple of single line emails from the manager to let me know that the insurance company would get back to me, but nothing apart from that. Not one person has said sorry or even tried to explain how they managed to lose a $500 coat that they had to look after for less than 4 hours.<br/><br/>This is honestly the worst customer service experience I have ever had with any business. The hotel itself seemed OK, and the location was great..but I would really question whether to stay in a hotel that treats customers this poorly. 
28521389	 We stayed with two toddlers. We did not expect the Hotel to be kid friendly, so we were not disappointed. We would stay again. It took the valet 1 hour to find my car the first morning. I recommend getting up early, have them bring you your car, and then park it on the street. It is impossible to get your car in a timely manner during checkout times.<br/>Other than paying for slow valet service, we enjoyed our stay at the Hotel. 
28500769	 Just got back from spending 3 nights at this lovely property. I had called ahead requesting an early check in and was told they would do their best to accomodate. This is the first time in many, many years that I have not been able to get an early check in after traveling from the West Coast to the East Coast on a red eye flight. Even though the front desk staff was very kind, they still were unable to fulfill my request. I had hoped to get into my room around 9:30 a.m. and was told the earliest would be 1:00. Thankfully the room was ready at 1:00 when they said it would be. <br/><br/>The two queen bed room was very nice - we did face the street and there was traffic noise during the day, but the evening was fine for sleeping. We were located directly across from the elevator and the ice machine, but this didn't cause any problems for sleeping either. There was hall noise and I could hear coughing in the next room, which was more than I would expect in a luxury property. But nothing that was overly distracting.<br/><br/>We had room service on two occassions and the service was timely and the presentation exceptional. The food was outstanding!<br/><br/>One disappointment was that the room was never serviced on one day - we had left at 9:00 in the morning and returned around 4:30 in the afternoon - by that time it really didn't matter -- we wanted to take a nap and not be disturbed.<br/><br/>The property is only about 2 blocks from the Dupont Circle Metro station, making it very easy to get around town. And there are all kinds of restaurants, etc. within walking distance. 
28481729	 Family of four vacation during busy cherry blossom season. Big, clean room with sofa, large TV and desk. Newly renovated bathroom and lobby. Great location near the Metro and fun to walk around Embassy Row and see the magnificent architecture which maybe you wouldn't otherwise visit. Asked the Concierge for tickets to museums and he was helpful. Cannot imagine a better value. First class hotel and highly recommended. If with teenagers try Pizza Paradiso and Two Amys Pizza for high class pizza dinner. Founding Farmers for breakfast a little out of the way but worth the trip for organic big breakfast and great coffee. ($$) 
28120066	 Good hotel, worth staying at if you get a decent price (eg $200 or less). The rooms are recently renovated, the beds extremely comfortable, and the location is superb. That said, the rooms are on the small side (the bed occupies almost the entire standard room). 
135606100	 Stayed 2 nights in late November 2011 on our honeymoon. We were upgraded before we arrived to a suite and were happy enough. Ate in the lobby bar after the ice hockey one night and were pleasantly surprised. The waitress wasn't great but the front desk staff were as was the concierge and doormen so no real problems with service. They acknowledged our honeymoon so we were happy. The area was safe with the embassies near by however if we went again we may stay in Georgetown for something different. Happy enough though. 
135359604	 I was able to find a GREAT last minute deal for this property, so it was EASILY a great deal for me. Rooms were clean and nicely furnished with glass-encased shower with temperature setting. Two flat screen tvs along with coffee maker with TAZO teas helped my time indoors. The area of DuPont Circle is reminiscent of the West Village in New York, with plenty of progressive, small businesses next to your larger chains. Check-in and check-out was smooth, and there always seemed to be an elevator waiting for me. Would book in a hot second! 
135253338	 Peter Gill, the concierge, was most helpful. He suggested restaurants and made appropriate choses for a female traveling alone. Knowing that my time was limited since this was a business trip, he also made suggestions for sites that were located close to the hotel. This level of service is one reason that I would stay at the Fairfax again and recommend it to others. 
135170412	 Do not consider this hotel for your stay in washington. The rooms are poky, mine didn't have a desk but a side table and a mismatched chair and no nearby power outlet. The paid for internet (why when its free in Starbucks and faster? Because thet like to rip you off) was so slow I couldn't use skype. The A/C is noisy. There was dirt, an earplug in the corridor for days by my room suggesting no one was cleaning. The breakfast was derisory in my B&amp;B package so I had to go out for breakfast. When I comment on several issues the front of house staff, especially the childish Brad, 'duty manager' didn't muster an apology and didn't fix a thing but started giggling with his colleague as I walked away. Great customer service. <br/>This hotel is a franchise not a starwood owned property and it shows. Much as the Westin city centre is tired it is a vasty better place than this dump. 
134673794	 our stay was so amazing and the service was great!! the room was so nice, and the staff was excellent! 
134409028	 Excellant and friendly in every way! Woul stay again. Would highly recommend! 
114714225	 I have stayed at this hotel before and was quite satisfied, but I was surprised to find an unresponsive front desk and a stopped-up tub with rusted out shower rings in a hotel with this rating. When I tried to check-out in the morning, there was no one at the front desk. I waited for 10 minutes before someone showed up. When she arrived(without apology), she told me and the others waiting that the printer was down and she would email me the receipt., which I needed that day in order to receive reimbursement from our company's travel dept. I have to turn in the hotwire receipt as well as a hotel receipt showing the dates of my stay. I left the hotel 15 minutes late for my morning appt. When I had not received the receipt, I called the hotel only to be put on hold again and again. I finally had to go back to the hotel in person to collect the receipt later that day. On a good note, the location is excellent and the rooms are clean and comfortable. However, I would be reluctant to stay in this area again for fear I might get this hotel. That's too bad since I love the area and another hotel nearby. 
113290129	 The staff there was incredible. All very friendly associates who were very willing to help whenever needed. Rama was especially considerate with my bags. Elizabeth at the front desk was very kind. And ALL the staff at the Jockey Club were exceptionally professional and friendly. It was a very good experience. 
110038533	 My husband and I recently celebrated our tenth wedding anniversary. Although we live in the District, our weekend &quot;getaway&quot; was at the Fairfax. It was a lovely experience; the room, staff, and restaurant were all top notch. <br/><br/>The doorman and bellhop were very friendly. The front desk clerk, Josh, was kind enough to send us a complimentary bottle of wine and handwritten note. Housekeepers were always smiling in the hallways and the turndown service was a nice surprise. Breakfast in the Jockey Club was delicious.<br/><br/>We're looking forward to returning next year. 
109470980	 Located in the viby part of Washington, a short taxi ride to all the key DC attractions, the Fairfax offers a great experience. Although arriving at the hotel a day early they had no problem getting me a room, there were no queues at reception. Staff is friendly , personable and very helpful. The rooms are classic but well equiped. Overall great value for money and certainly one of my best stays this year. There is a great bar/lunch room, and very nice resturants in the hotel. I really recommend this one. 
109342735	 Clean, spacious room. Centrally located to many shops, restaurants. Only drawback, the pillows were soggy and flat. Beds were very comfortable &amp; staff was friendly &amp; helpful. Bathroom was partially updated, but for an mid-expensive hotel, the sink basin was cracked &amp; the bathroom looked a little neglected. Bathroom didnt match up to the rest of the room or hotel. Need to update, although it was clean 
109128003	 This hotel is too noisy all around to be a four star hotel. I can't recommend it for travelers. Too many slamming doors and paper thin walls. All of the front rooms are on noisy Massachusets Ave and the rooms on the 21st St side are cursed with noisy air conditioning conduit and dumpsters below. I did not sleep at all here for 2 nights. For the same if not lower price, consider the Hilton Embassy one half block towards Dupont Circle, or The Dupont Hotel at Dupont Circle. 
156438279	 My husband and I stayed 4 nights at the Fairfax. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. We especially appreciated Peter Gill, the concierge. He was very helpful suggesting restaurants and making reservations. We appreciated tickets to the Holocaust Museum, we couldn't have gotten in without them. We enjoyed walking around the neighborhood. We didn't have a car so it was great being so close to the metro. 
156233949	 My spouse and I, along with our teenage daughter stayed here for 2 nights, in DC for the Cherry Blossom Festival, and paid for a 'Grand Deluxe King room'. The positives: Clean hotel room, great heating/AC, good location (2 metro stops away from the monuments). The negatives: Parking rate of $47 per night is way too high. This wasn't mentioned at all when we booked our room and came as quite a shock to receive a $94 valet parking bill when we checked out. There were three of us booked into the hotel room, so I also received on my bill an up-charge for the third person (although I'm sure this is standard at most hotels it is still another upcharge to consider). Upon arrival there were two water bottles in the mini-fridge - even though I paid for three people to stay there. The next day, after a long day of site-seeing, there was no water in the mini-fridge. I think a 5 star hotel could at least provide a bottle of water for its guests. Hotel room size is quite average (certainly not what I would consider to be 'Grand Deluxe), and the only view was of the back wing of the hotel and downspouts.<br/>Overall, I don't think I would consider this hotel to be in the ranking of a 5 star hotel, and I wouldn't stay here again.<br/>. 
156140386	 I stayed here for three nights while on business. Back in the day this was a Ritz Carlton, and the touches in the hotel still have the Ritz Carlton feel: furniture, fixtures, even the color scheme. The lobby is small. The doormen are quick to open the door for guests. I checked in quickly and got the type of room I wanted. I was asked what paper I would like delivered in the morning. I liked that the room I had became very dark at night, and there was no noticeable noise from the halls, etc. On my first morning, there was no newspaper as promised. I asked at the desk and was told it had not been noted, was asked what paper I wanted on the following day, and then given the paper. The next day the same thing happened. I was again told my paper choice had not been noted and offered a paper at the desk. Each time I was asked, the receptionist was busy typing something into the system, but apparently not about the newspaper. This is a small detail, but it shouldn't have happened more than once. On the day I checked out the paper was finally at the door as promised. The hotel is convenient to the DC Metro and is walking distance to many restaurants in the Dupont Circle area and beyond. 
156049447	 This is a lovely, elegant hotel that is very centrally located. I enjoy walking everywhere when I am in a new city (or a city I have visited before for that matter) and The Fairfax is great for that. The room was clean and very cozy. It was small, but that was what I expected and didn't need more space for just two people. We were right on the street several floors up and we didn't have any problem with noise, even on New Year's night! We didn't try out the restaurants so I can't comment on that. The only downside is the hefty daily parking fee, but from what I found when I was searching for a place that this is a pretty common rate in downtown DC. 
156025931	 This is an immaculately clean, comfortable hotel with over the top staff.<br/>The rooms are small but, hey, it's DC.<br/>It's away from the monuments but close to GWU, no judgement, just fact.<br/>Lounge has good cocktails and environ. I had 1 lunch here that was the crab cake of my dreams.<br/>My room was well insulated from the sounds of the hallway.<br/>Enjoy your stay if you're visiting for GWU or the embassy's.<br/>If you're visiting the Mall, check out the Hilton. 
155974300	 The Fairfax is an elegant hotel close to all the attractions. The rooms were nice, the bed was comfy, and the restaurants served excellent food. My only complaint was that I had my custom tux cleaned and it came back with my pocket square. I got credited, but was still somewhat annoyed. Overall, it was a good trip to DC. 
142072044	 I had some initial doubts about this hotel, being first shown a room adjacent to an extremely noisy utility room. However I was subsequently moved to a much quieter room. Yes, it is a little faded around the edges (bathroom fixtures, some furnishings), but the important things were all refreshed and up-to-date, including the fantastic bed. And ultimately I go to hotels to sleep, not to get ideas for interior decoration. Location fantastic, a block from Dupont Circle and the metro station. Would happily return. 
141811373	 An excellent hotel in a great location near to Dupont Circle and the Metro. Lots of good restaurants in the area and easy to get to pretty much anywhere in the city. Lovely rooms, nice bar and special thanks to the excellent helpful staff there. The concierge team were just superb with special thanks to the wonderful Elizabeth who helped me so much and the rest of the concierge team who were just brilliant. Thanks also to the reception team who were so helpful to me on check-in. I expect the hotel has many high profile visitors but as an ordinary tourist I felt that I was treated just as well as they would be. I will definitely return there one day. 
141791230	 I'm in the midst of our stay now, and I can unequivocally state that this is this hotel is NOT a luxury hotel, despite being labeled a &quot;luxury collection hotel&quot;. I feel hoodwinked by the reviews here, to the point of wondering whether my fellow reviewers were staying at a different hotel.<br/><br/>The rooms themselves stink of stale cigarette smoke. The staff was courteous enough to find us another room -- and then another when the replacement was the size of a shoebox -- but when the third still smelled of stale smoke, I decided to call it quits and go with it. What kind of modern hotel doesn't maintain non-smoking rooms, or places their non-smoking guests in smoking rooms?<br/><br/>The in-room minibars are non-functional, and left vacated of any product along with a note suggesting you can use them as a fridge (despite the fact that they're clearly designed solely to hold minibar products). As an alternative, the hotel suggests you call downstairs for a limited snack and beverage selection -- the point of an in-room minibar is not having to call anyone to grab a quick drink or snack!<br/><br/>The in-room dining and lounge food selection is poor, and the execution is worse. The menu itself is uninspired fair that I'd expect to see at Ruby Tuesdays -- think chicken sandwiches, pizza, burgers, and slabs of steak. The actual execution leaves much to be desired; this is *not* your modern re-interpretation of classic american comfort food is abysmal -- my wife's Margherita pizza was a brute-force affair of grease and cheese, lacking any of the subtly of a margherita that can stand on the quality of its simplest ingredients.<br/><br/>The room sizes are inconsistent, and the furnishings dated and worn. Our bathtub's caulking is moldy and cracking, and large chips and scratches in the enamel are covered partially and inexpertly additional caulk. The mattress itself appears to have been damaged, with one-half of the mattress compressed and slanted towards the floor. The cabinet hinge is broken and will not fully close, and the in-room safe is non-functional.<br/><br/>While we seriously considered booking another hotel upon our arrival, we decided to stick out the Fairfax for the short duration of the trip. We won't be returning, and I can't even begin to understand how this hotel maintains four stars on trip advisor. This is not a well-maintained luxury hotel. 
141611925	 This hotel is a Luxury Collection Sheraton Brand and it is every bit of that. Truly high end ambiance, rooms and bathrooms tops in every way. In perfect location right by Dupont Circle and surrounded by every embassy on the planet within walking distance. All the sights of the city within a short walk too.<br/>Nothing bad to say about this hotel other than they charge $50 for parking your car as they only have valet. BUT to be fare, every hotel in DC is this way. There simply is no parking for free anywhere. 
141541616	 This hotel was wonderful! The staff were always smiling and presented a friendly welcome each time you passed through the front door. Check-in was quick and professional. I felt welcomed immediately.<br/>The hotel floors are very interesting in that they are a bit of a maze...in a good way it gave the hotel a sense of charm. My room was a bit small, but well maintained and clean. The TV was a bit strange...most of the channels were scrambled...oh well, I did not travel to Washington to watch TV! Bathroom shower was hot and lots of water pressure. Room was clean and no trouble with noise. The cleaning staff were everywhere and always said hi.<br/>Hotel is located within walking distance of the metro and lots of restaurants and pubs.<br/>Did not eat @ the hotel....the bar staff were friendly and the beer was cold!<br/><br/>Stayed for a total 6 nights and had no complaints. Check out was a breeze.<br/>Highly recommend to others. 
141307437	 Second visit here. Love the understated elegance of the hotel and the very comfortable beds. Close to the metro, and a bunch of great places to eat. You would be hard pressed to find one person who worked here that wasn't courteous or hospitable. Hope to return soon! 
53010748	 We now have stayed at the Fairfax 5 times, it is a wonderful location a short walk to Dupont Circle or Georgetown. Service has always been outstanding. Rooms vary in size some have been on the small side but always very clean. The staff is excellent and will to correct a problem if it occours. We has booked two rooms for a previous stay one room was extremly small we went down to the front desk and immediatly they changed the room for us. We have been going to DC for several years now about 4 times a year and I would not stay anywhere but the Fairfax. 
52639548	 I like the feel of this neighborhood, next to all the embassies in dc, two blocks from dupont circle. Very nice. The hotel is a nice mix of historic and modern, pretty good service. I would recommend. 
52574456	 My husband and I have just returned from a 6 day trip to Washington DC. We stayed at the Fairfax Hotel on Embassy Row, which is close to Dupont Circle. The Hotel service was fantastic, our room was wonderful, but I found the bath plug did not work, so they immediately upgraded us and moved us to a bigger room with an outlook on to Massachusets Avenue, which was wonderful. The hotel decor is fantastic and your rooms are fully equipped with coffee etc. You get a complimentary morning newspaper. There is a fantastic gym for guests use. We had breakfast in the Jockey Club, which was not the cheapest breakfast, but is was fantastic food and service and set you up for a days sightseeing (so you only needed a coffee and cake in the afternoon, to see you through to dinner). We ate in the bar on two occasions which was lovely, but the portion sizes are far to big, we could have managed with one meal between us. We ate out locally on the other nights which was lovely also. You can find restaurants within walking distance, and if you want to go &quot;down town&quot; it is only a 15/20 minute stroll to the White House. Also if you don't want breakfast in the hotel, there is a wonderful French breakfast bar at Dupont Circle, less then 5 minutes away. If you are booking your visit in Washington DC through a travel agent and they try and get you to stay in one of the large chain hotels, ask them to book you in The Fairfax (which is what we did) it was absolutely fantastic, we would definitely return and advise it to anyone who wants, quality, peace and quiet, yet central location, good food, nice quiet bar. You won't be dissapointed!! 
52054619	 I don't think there's enough room here to describe everything that went wrong at my recent one-night business stay at the Fairfax. I'd stayed there before, and never had a problem, so this time was just inexcusably shocking. On the plus side, the location is great, two blocks from DuPont Circle and the Metro, right on Massachusetts Ave.<br/><br/>The Cons. First, the room. My colleague and I both got rooms in the same line; each room was about 150 square feet, if that, not including the tiny closets or the bathroom. It was ridiculously small, and not at all what was advertised and reserved. The bedsheets were stained, and the room was so tiny I had to stand in the bathroom so the maid had room to change the sheets after I complained. At least one of the bath care products had already been opened and presumably used. The front door was not properly aligned, so at night the tiny room was flooded with light from the hall.<br/><br/>Multiple complaints about the running toilet were ignored. The stick-on privacy glass on the bathroom was peeling off, revealing the same lovely view of the dumpsters in the alley below shared by the bedroom. Somehow the hotel also forgot to leave bottled water in my room or offer it to me, even though someone came around with a cart in the evening and offered it to everyone else (when I answered the door she only offered turn-down service and chocolate, not water). (They also forgot the ice bucket.) A number of the outlets were dead (explaining why it took the iron so long to warm up!!). One request to speak to the manager went unanswered; the other was met with annoyance and then feigned ignorance, and I was told to wait 10 minutes (I chose to depart). <br/><br/>However, to the hotel's substantial credit, once they were advised of all of my complaints (via written letter to the hotel and Starwood), they promptly called to apologize and tried to make it right. I was informed that meetings were held and the problems addressed so they should not re-occur. I'm almost afraid to give them another chance. But as I said above, this could have been a complete aberration, as my prior stays were uneventful and enjoyable, but a hotel of this class simply should not have that many aberrations. Thus, I can't recommend the hotel, but am hesitant to not recommend it, and so am checking &quot;no&quot; because TripAdvisor makes us choose one or the other. 
51085501	 I have stayed at The Fairfax a few times over the past several years. I like it now more than ever. Just off DuPont Circle with lots of restaurants and nightlife, it is a quiet place to rest. All the staff are friendly. Never a line for the concierge, front desk, restaurant, bar with fireplace, or free 2 computer business center. Taxis abound. <br/><br/>Rooms are decorated in a traditional style with heavy drapes and thick carpeting, yet have 42 inch HDTV. Heat worked very well.I stayed in a suite which was lovely. Choice of one or more daily newspapers delivered to your room when you awaken is a nice touch. Wake up call is from a live person, not a machine.<br/><br/>I have stayed at the St. Regis, and the two Westin hotels in D.C, among many others, but this one is my local favorite. 
50905640	 I arrived at the hotel in the evening after a flight from California only to be informed when I arrived at the hotel that they would not honor my confirmed and fully prepaid reservation; the said they had &quot;overbooked&quot;. They admitted that they had known this the day before, but I had not been informed. They re-booked my into the Hilton, which is in the process of being renovated but would only pay for two days of the three day stay I had booked and paid for, insisting that i should return to them the third night. Of course, this was a business trip with every minute of my three night stay scheduled, and I had not scheduled time to move in between hotels - that was why I had booked three nights in the same hotel in the first place. The Hilton, where they sent me, was undergoing a massive renovation, and though my room there was certainly shiny and new, the fitness center was closed and all but one restaurant was closed. 
140995854	 Stayed 3 days in area. Front desk immensely courteous on late (pm) arrival. Room overlooking street, which was busy but room was quiet. Room spacious by any DC standard. Hotel staff (concierge especially!) gets high marks for being so welcoming on arrival. Doorman always asks if you need help or information. Walking distance to AGU (where I was visiting) and DuPont Circle and its great restaurants; must see Phillips Gallery across the street. Looking forward to my next visit to DC. 
140934593	 I can't imagine the reviews praising the service at this hotel are from actual people who have stayed in the hotel. The problems with service here were not confined to a single person or singular incident, rather, they seemed to be systemic in nature. First, the front desk personnel LOST the luggage from a member of our party in the short time and distance from the car to the lobby door...they totally lost the bags. Secondly, the serveres at the restaurant attached to the hotel were rude to several members of our party as well as &quot;forgetting&quot; multiple items that were ordered. Additionally, we called down to the front desk to help us out with an item we forgot. We were told politely that someone would be up shortly with the item. 36 hours later the item, of course, never arrived. Even more laziness on the part of the front desk: they failed to give out the &quot;welcome bags&quot; that the bridge and groom arranged for their wedding guests. I shouldn't even bother mentioning the fact that the maid service failed to refill simple things like coffee when they cleaned the room, but I think it's important to note just how lazy every aspect of customer service is at the hotel. Also, while not directly related to a specific worker at the hotel, be prepared to pay $13 PER DAY for Internet use. Having to pay such fees so that I can conduct business while away from home is unacceptable and a far cry from providing exceptional service to your guests. There are many hotels to choose from in the area, I would highly recommend choosing one other than Fairfax. 
140920825	 I stayed here as part of a convention, so it was both business and pleasure, and I could not have been more pleased.<br/><br/>The hotel itself is lovely with tasteful historic decor. The staff is friendly and always accommodating-they have a more than ample number of doormen to greet you, answer questions, help with luggage and taxis, etc. The concierge desk also helped with arrangements with professional efficiency. If early morning traffic noise bothers you, be sure to ask for a room on an upper floor.<br/><br/>It's within an easy walking block from a few shops and lots of restaurants on DuPont Circle. 
140766369	 We had a very nice stay at the Fairfax at Embassy Row. All employees were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were very nice, the bathrooms were spacious, and they accommodated our early check-in. The rooms were also very quiet with no noise from outside. My only complaints were that the shower water pressure was INSANELY strong - like my back was bright red after getting out of the shower. Also, the wait at the front desk to check my bags the day we were checking out was super long (15+ minutes) when they had one person working check-in, check-out, and any other requests. There was another gentleman over at the concierge desk and it probably would have been appropriate to have him help guests in the front desk line given that no one was at concierge. Overall, it was a nice experience and we will return to the hotel in the future. 
140723761	 This hotel was great, the staff was wonderful especially Peter Gill the concierge, he was so helpful and recommended a great tour. I would definately stay here again. The only down side, the room we had, the mattress was lopsided... they need new mattresses. 
140236053	 A fantastic location. I am in D.C. for business on a regular basis and I have stayed all around the beltway - and, the Fairfax Embassy Row is the best.<br/><br/>The rooms are well apportioned. Very clean. There is a classic elegance to the common spaces. And, the scale (the hotel is small) of the hotel makes it a very manageable. The staff are impeccable and very service oriented. <br/><br/>The hotel is just outside of the &quot;frenzy&quot; of DC'ism. It sits right on the edge of some great restaurants and watering holes. It also affords a phenomenal access to the great trail running in the Rock Creek area. One of my favorite runs is along Embassy Row. I just love running along up the hill to the Navy Observatory and the National Cathedral. 
118927078	 The location is what makes this hotel great. Two blocks from Dupont Circle, right on Embassy Row, and within a 10 minute walk of downtown (World Bank), you get the best of DC. As someone who has spent a lot of time in DC, I'm always depressed to hear about friends who get hotels in downtown - which is bland and lifeless at night. At the Fairfax, you get the best of both worlds, proximity to work, but you're also in a real DC neighborhood.<br/><br/>The hotel itself is pretty generic. The restaurant is mediocre and the service is average. My room was extremely small (but clean). If I had to work more from the hotel I would have asked to change rooms (I'm assuming that I had one of the smallest rooms in the place). Otherwise, it's quite pleasant. 
118870649	 I stayed at the Fairfax at Embassy Row for a weekend trip to DC where I was solo. I enjoyed my stay and would return again. The hotel is along Embassy Row (hence the name) in a beautiful brick building along Massachusetts Avenue. Here are the highlights and my comments:<br/><br/>Highlights:<br/>Location! The hotel is located about 1 block from Dupont Circle and about 2 blocks from the Dupont Circle Metro station. Being so close to Dupont, there are several excellent restaurants within 1-2 blocks of the hotel. I was able to walk to several restaurants and bars from their prime location. At the Fairfax, you trade being immediately close to the monuments and the popular touristy sites for being near the trendy, energetic Dupont area and within walking distance of the Logan Circle / 14th St. / U Street corridor. If you do want to hit the tourist sites, you are just 2 blocks from the major Dupont metro stop.<br/><br/>Comfort: I had an 8th floor room, overlooking Mass Ave. I had a king bed that was so absolutely comfortable with down pillows and down duvet. It was definitely one of the most comfortable hotel beds. Aside from the bed, the room had a radio with iPod adapter (which I love in hotel rooms) and a very large LCD TV.<br/><br/>Boutique Feel: The hotel is small and quaint with a boutique feel. If you enjoy the feel of a boutique hotel as opposed to a large, busy hotel from a major chain, then you would enjoy this hotel. The decor is traditional American which isn't really my style, but I respect the fact that the decor is matched with the time period of the building and reflects the history of DC.<br/><br/>Comments:<br/>In Room Dining - The hotel advertises that they have 24 hour in-room dining with more limited overnight menu from midnight - early morning. I did call at about 2am and was told that they were out of everything. I was so hungry that I would have eaten anything they sent up, but unfortunately, they were out. The gentlemen from In Room Dining was kind enough to direct me to a 24 hour takeout diner about 500 feet away.<br/><br/>Overall, the only blemish was not having anything available on the overnight in room dining menu. However, the room and bed were extra comfortable and I really liked the location. I would return again. 
118776708	 Stayed for only a single night as part of a business trip.<br/><br/>Hotel room was on the seventh floor of eight, and was at the far end of the hotel. The room itself was very large and well appointed. The room was reasonably full of furniture, so great for adults, but not so much for small children.<br/><br/>Room had windows on two different walls (!), but neither was an especially great view. Not so important for the business traveler perhaps, but may be an issue to people who want &quot;a room with a view.&quot;<br/><br/>Spent lots of time in the ballroom (for a meeting) over two days. Again, very elegant, ornate facility; lots of character. But older style and lacking some of the gear and infrastructure one might want for a meeting with projectors, laptops, demos, etc. The food service from the hotel was excellent; interesting, quality food with top flight service. 
118416785	 The Fairfax sits in a prime location just a few short blocks from du Pont circle. The small entrance is inviting and made more so by the friendly staff. The staff are attentive but not consuming. They were incredibly kind with my 2 young children and almost all of them remembered our names after only a day. The rooms are very well appointed and the bathrooms offer the excellent Remede toiletries. If you are travelling with family, they have many adjoining rooms which makes life easier. Add Starwood to the mix and this is a perfect hotel for me. I would happily stay again in the area. 
117996392	 The Fairfax embodies service and elegance. It feels like a boutique hotel but seems a little larger than that. I was in a very large room on the top floor overlooking the lovely rooftops of Massachusetts Ave. It felt like Europe. Perfectly lovely decorations, enormous bath, and attentive service. 
117982907	 My family and I stayed 3 nights at the Fairfax. The hotel is lovely, the staff was attentive, the location is convenient to the Metro and the DuPont neighborhood is delightful. Would stay there again. 
117298144	 I liked this hotel very much. Rooms were very clean and nice and the staff couldn't have been more efficient. 
117178494	 We recently stayed 4 nights at the Fairfax. I don’t understand how this hotel can be part of Starwood’s Luxury Collection because there is absolutely nothing luxury about it. The hotel is desperately in need of renovation. The carpets are severely stained, the furniture is worn and the walls are filthy. There are no shops at all. The Jockey Club Restaurant is the only amenity in the lobby; which is tiny and dark. There are only 2 chairs for seating in the lobby. This is luxury? I have stayed at luxury hotels all over the world and the Fairfax doesn’t’ come close to the title of luxury. <br/>I reserved a king and 2 double beds months before our vacation. I participate in the Starwood friends and family program as my son works for Starwood. At the Fairfax we were bumped by management to two king rooms without any notice. This has never happened to me in the 10 years I’ve participated in this program. We asked to be moved as a courtesy. We were told there were no double rooms available. In addition to being bumped, they put my niece and I in an accessible room without even so much as a mention. The bathroom counter was so tiny we weren’t able to put anything on it. <br/>The next day on our way out, we explained to the front desk staff that we were unhappy and wanted to move to a double with a connecting king. She told us that after 11am (check out time), they would have more information. We checked back after 11am and the same front desk person said they were waiting for management’s decision because it is considered an upgrade. Again we were told to come back later. When we came back to the hotel to change for dinner, there was a different woman at the front desk. The first front desk person we spoke with didn’t leave us a message. There were no notes in the computer indicating we made a request to move. It was apparent the woman at the front desk didn’t request another room. We had to start all over again only to be told that there were no doubles available. We were moved from our accessible room to a king that wasn’t connecting to the other party in our group. The carpets in our second room were just as badly stained as in our first room. The furniture and the walls were dirty also. <br/>The housekeeping staff at the Fairfax was not up to par either. When we checked into our second king room I noticed a piece of broken plastic hanger on the floor under the chair. It remained there for our entire stay. Also I ate an apple and thought I threw the stem in the trash in the bathroom. I noticed it was on the bathroom floor and thought the maid would pick it up when she cleaned the floor. It also remained there for our entire stay (three days). <br/>The front door staff was fabulous. They were friendly and always greeted us with a smile. I was so surprised when one of them greeted me by stating my name. The front desk staff was mediocre at best. No smiles, no warmth we didn’t even get a hello. The service at the front desk was less than stellar. They didn’t seem interested in any of our concerns. Parking was $42 per day. Are you kidding???? That is an all time high for me. I expected much better service from the Fairfax and would never stay there again. 
117120394	 Very good facility and lodgings by a highly attentive and professional staff, and at good value. 
117056503	 This hotel is is nestled on a corner of one of the most desirable locations in the city. Surrounded by embassies, ambassadorial residencies, and some of DC's most luxurious homes, this hotel is a sure bet for those travelers wishing to experience old Washington charm in one of the city's most exclusive neighborhoods!<br/>The staff at check-in are very friendly and very accommodating. Only complaint, there was no dedicated concierge. Usually this wouldn't be an issue, but do to the small size of the lobby, and there only being two people working the check-in desk, it could take awhile if you're interested in finding out tourist information, reserving theatre tickets at the Kennedy Center, etc...<br/>The Lobby is very dark and small, but don't let that fool you. As soon as the elevator doors open up on your floor, you're greeted by large well lit hallways.<br/>The room I'm in, 643, is a King Accessible Room. As an SPG elite, the nice woman at check-in informed me that there were no SPG elite preferred rooms available to upgrade me too, but she could put me in an accessible, as it is bigger, so naturally I accepted.<br/>The room definitely has the old Washington powerhouse feel. NIce elegant wallpaper, classic wood desk, two large connecting closets, large marble floor bathroom, and comfortable bed.<br/>While there is a mini-fridge in the room, it isn't stocked. You are free to use the fridge for your personal items. If you wish for it to be stocked with certain items, I recommend you arranging this through the hotel directly prior to your arrival.<br/>The view from my room is of the Ghandi statue. This hotel is literally on embassy row, so this is an excellent hotel for those in the city on international business. <br/>The hotel is walkable to the excellent shops, bars/restaurants, nightclubs, and offices in Dupont Circle.<br/>Overall, great hotel, great location, great service, everything that you would expect from The Luxury Collection! 
116959943	 My wife and I just stayed at The Fairfax. As others have stated, this is a first class hotel with all of the related amenities. It was easy to catch the Metro at Dupont Circle to get to the tourist areas, and it was within easy walking distance of a CVS, and nice casual or upscale restaurants to meet any such needs one may have. Suggestions:<br/>- Since The Fairfax occasionally offers rooms on such &quot;deal&quot; sites as Hotwire, they certainly know that &quot;middle America&quot; may come to visit (such as us!). As such, $42 a day for parking is a lot, even given that it is Washington. Also, SO many hotels (including 4 and 5 Star locations) at least have complimentary brewed coffee in the lobby in the morning. The Fairfax should at least consider this. All said and done, The Fairfax is an enjoyable place to stay. 
116882580	 This hotel was more than I expected. The staff were friendly,efficient ,knowledgable and just nice. Location is excellent, hotel based restaurant worth every dollar and the bar was the place to be on a boiling Washington afternoon - just what I thought a Washington bar would be like. Watched the debt vote, ate good food, solved the problems of the world with strangers and drank perfect tailor made cocktails. Thank you. 
204440239	 My wife and I attending a wedding in Washington DC and stayed at The Fairfax Embassy Row. The property was amazing and we especially appreciated the great staff such as Ertug Ersoy, Front Office Manager who helped us extend our stay from two days to a week so we could enjoy the sights. The food at the hotel was top flight for the wedding reception, in the bar and grill, and the dining room. Be sure and have Guillaum wait on you in the grill, he is amazing! Room service was top notch. Being that the hotel is only two blocks from DuPont Circle meant, banks, drugstore, coffee and pastry shop and even a farmers market were close at hand. Only suggestion -- the carpet in our room needed a little cleaning, but our view from the seventh floor over the little park with a memorial to Gandi was superb! 
204382681	 We stayed here one day on my husbands business trip. Very friendly and helpful front desk and staff. Hotel is very clean and all the amenities were very good ! One of the Best beds we slept on in any hotels !!! The bath towels were exceptionally soft and good. The location is excellent, very close DuPont Circle Metro,you can hop on a train to Historical sights like white house, Capital, and other places. I took the metro while my husband was busy with his meetings, arrived at the Union station which took about 15 minutes to reach from DuPont Circle. I walked to the Capital Building and from there went to the Botanical Gardens. Spent couple of hours there looking at lot of exotic plants, enjoyed my day ! walked back and window shopped at Union Station shops. Took a train back to DuPont Circle. There are all kinds of restaurants walking distance from this hotel. the day we arrived my husband had to go for business meeting dinner and I found a Mediterranean vegetarian restaurant called vFalafel. It was very good !! Definitely will stay here if get chance/. 
204357073	 We stayed at this beautiful hotel for several nights. The Fairfax is in a superb location amongst the embassies. It is only a block away from many restaurants including a number that are outstanding (Pizzeria Paradiso, Al Tiramisu, Pesce). It is also only a few blocks from the Metro. Our suite was wonderful, the staff very friendly, and the breakfast buffet outstanding. After a day of sightseeing, we looked forward to the freshly baked cookies in the lobby in the late afternoon. Highly recommend staying here. 
203916927	 Room was exceptionally small for a Starwood hotel. It felt more like a tier two European hotel. The lack of modern decor made it seem old vs charming. Upon check out we (many of us guests) waited for 15 minutes to get a cab to leave the hotel. Despite the fact that we were all standing in next to the front desk, they refused to call a cab company to send cars. Instead the bell man out front just hailed them on the street whenever they would come along. Really very poor service for a SLC hotel. 
203524901	 So I'll start with the bad. My family and I arrived at 3:30 so we could get dressed for a wedding for which we had to leave at 4:30. But our two rooms weren't ready (and we weren't alone). We asked if we could check into ONE room so we could at least change, and after about 20 minutes they came up with a room. The second room, for my children, wasn't yet available at 4:30 when we left for the wedding. And the staff at the front desk, while very pleasant, were clearly overwhelmed.<br/><br/>On the other hand, the Fairfax is classicly beautiful -- full of wood paneling. Our room was quite small, but adequate. And our kids' room, which we checked into after the wedding, was huge. (Maybe they were making up for the fact that the rooms were not available when we checked in.) Our hotel rate was VERY good value for DC. But be careful about the cost of parking ($47 with tax) and breakfast -- they add up and make what appears to be a bargain decidedly less so. 
203264168	 This hotel was recommended highly to us by a family member and truly so it was deserving of the high recommendation. The booking was done very efficiently and they were extremely accommodating of all our needs. When we arrived we were shown to our room without delay, room was spotlessly clean with the sofa beds already made out. The superior suite was big enough for our family of 5 and very comfortable, superb bed! Breakfast every morning was very good with excellent service. My husband was on a conference and they had a shuttle to the convention center which made it very convenient for him. The concierge and reception staff are very pleasant and always have a smile to greet you.<br/>Special thanks to Simona Duncun for the patience and understanding with all the changes we kept making to our booking, and Quantina for the lovely and friendly welcome at the reception. All in all, Great hotel, Great staff and a Great location. 
165446283	 My family and I were in DC for a brief visit recently and were fortunate to have stayed at The Fairfax. We had read wonderful reviews online before selecting our hotel and I'm happy to say that our stay exceeded our expectations. Not only was the facility comfortable and lovely, but it was centrally situated and beautifully located. Perhaps what made our stay most special was the attentive care given to our family by concierge, Peter Gill. He quickly figured out what would appeal to our various needs and in short order made recommendations for museums, activities and restaurants that were perfect for us. The best thing is, I noticed that he advised other guests just as attentively. Right before we said our good byes to the staff at the hotel, Peter said to let him know when we'd be back--we plan to! 
165430227	 I've stayed at a few Starwood Luxury Collection hotels and they are usually lovely with a high standard of service. When looking for a hotel in DC this was one of the only ones available at the time for under $300 which I did find curious.<br/><br/>The good:<br/>Great location near shops, restaurants and the Metro. Comfortable bedding with great sheets. The gentlemen that work the valet area are all very helpful and kind.<br/><br/>The not so great<br/>The common areas where you get of the elevators all have a really off putting smell. Our first room had obviously been &quot;deodorized&quot; from the previous guest/guests smoking so it smelled like Febreze plus old smoke. I called the front desk and they offered to move us which was good. Bellman arrived with new keys, we headed off to new room only to find that room was obviously a downgrade - no tub, no sofa, much smaller than previous room. If you give me a room that is unacceptable (smoke) then make sure you move me to an equivalent or upgraded room. Since we would only be there to sleep we accepted the new room. <br/>Our room had 1 plug available to us at the desk (none by the bed) - in this age of iphones/ipads/laptops that's just crazy.<br/>Both mornings housekeeping attempted to enter our room at 8am. 
165382108	 I wish I could do 3 1/2 stars on this one, but the service and location were so good I will give them the bump up instead of down. I liked being among the embassies, it was awesome to see all of the architecture and it was easy walking distance to some of the big sites and awesome restaurants. The service was also very good, every single employee I came across was very nice and welcoming. The hotel does feel like old luxury, but the key word is old. In my room the furniture was worn and stained, except for the bed, which was pretty comfortable. My room was very small, the bathroom was a decent size, but I had a very unfortunately placed window in my bathroom with no more than a sheer shade on it! Call me a prude, but I didn't want the people on the opposite side of the hotel seeing all of my business, so I tried to rig a towel to cover it without much success. I asked a few of my coworkers if they had similar windows, but it sounds like it was just me. I can't exactly remember the room number but I think it was 412 or 414. The only other gripe I have is that you have to place an order to get bottled water, which of course involves a service charge on top of the already expensive water. I just ended up walking to Starbucks at the end of the block for water. If I was paying with my own dime I think I would go for one of the more modern hotels in the area. 
165370779	 My son and I were in DC for a few days for a get away and I am very happy we chose this hotel. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were clean but a little small. The location is great, it's near many restaurants and the Metro which is very easy to navigate. The hotel staff were genuinely friendly and made us feel welcome. I would definitely recommend staying here if you want somewhere to eat and sleep. It doesn't have a whole lot for kids to do, but I really didn't want to spend my vacation sitting by a hotel pool anyway. 
165345720	 We stayed at the Fairfax June 20-23. It was everything that others said and more. Everyone we came in contact with wanted to make sure we enjoyed our stay.The location was perfect, one block from the Dupont Circle metro. Peter Gill, one of the concierges, made tour arrangements ahead of time for a tour with ON BOARD which was outstanding. When we checked in and asked for directions to Arlington Cemetary they were printed out for us. The last day it looked like rain and out of nowhere someone was there to give us 2 umbrellas. 
165239227	 We spent the weekend at the Fairfax and had a delightful time. The location is perfect, close to many shops and good restaurants as well as public transportation. While the room was quite small, we got a good rate, and we were only there to sleep and shower so it really didn't bother us. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, providing us with additional umbrellas as we were leaving during a rain storm while off on one of our adventures. We definitely plan to return. 
129451361	 Want to linger in Camelot? The Fairfax at Embassy Row was once a favorite of Jack Kennedy and friends. It remains a great hotel with excellent service. Having stayed on numerous occasions I have to admit rooms can vary in size, but as part of the Westin “Luxury Collection” they are all tops in quality if not size. The staff goes out of its way to be accommodating and they are knowledgeable about the city. DuPont Circle is also an ideal location, close to the Phillips Collection, nice restaurants and an interesting neighborhood to stroll. 
129432174	 What a beautiful hotel!<br/><br/>Rooms are small, and the views are not all on embassy row as advertized- my room faced the garbage bin out back. $47.20/day to park your car. wow! nice location- almost a neighborhood. 
129404801	 My daughter and I stayed at the Fairfax for 6 nights from April 11th and we would definitely go back.<br/>The location is excellent, close to restaurants and transportation and the staff are superb, friendly but unobtrusive. When we asked the way to the metro at reception, the young lady came out to the street with us to point out landmarks and make sure we were clear which route to take. When I enquired about a shoe we may have left there, Gena spent two days investigating its possible whereabouts – even though our enquiry was made almost two weeks after our stay. That kind of customer service produces return visitors.<br/>The room (2 doubles) was spacious and well-kept and the beds were very comfortable. We were on the 5th floor and both interior and exterior noise were minimal. The concierge was very helpful when approached and room service arrived with a beautiful red rose on the trolley. Public areas were well-kept and the lobbies in front of the lifts on each floor were lovely – like going into someone’s home. Newspapers of our choice delivered daily to our door were also appreciated.<br/>Our only quibble is about the availability of wi-fi, but this is common to most hotels nowadays. At the Fairfax free wi-fi is only available in the front lobby, which is quite small with only two chairs, so it was not always easy to find somewhere to use it. In-room wi-fi has to be paid for by the day, which is annoying if you only need it for five minutes to, for example, check in for a flight. I wish all hotels would realise that nowadays they need to provide free wi-fi everywhere. For overseas visitors wi-fi is particularly important, since using our home cellphones on US networks can land us with bills for hundreds of dollars.<br/>That said, no other complaints whatsoever and we had a fabulous stay. I wholeheartedly recommend the Fairfax. Oh - and they have lovely bathrobes! 
129121802	 On a recent stay at this hotel, I accidentally left a pair of pants in the room.<br/>On returning home, I noted the loss and immediately called the hotel.<br/>They had located the pants and FedEx the pants back to me!!<br/>The hotel is in an excellent location and was a joy to stay at. 
128896190	 Pros:<br/>- Lots of nearby food options<br/>- Fairly close to Metro<br/>- Decent gym<br/>- Upscale look<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>- Tiny room<br/>- Lack of staff in the morning<br/>- No view<br/><br/><br/>The hotel is about one and a half blocks from the Metro.  There are a bunch of restaurants near the Metro station, so you should have no problem finding something to eat.  The gym was sufficient.  The hotel has an upscale look, but my room was ridiculously small.  It looked like a cabin on a cruise ship.  The view from my window was a brick wall.  I had to leave early in the morning and there was only one person working.  She was tied up with another guest who was apparently trying to accomplish a corporate takeover of the hotel, so after about 10 minutes of waiting, I figured out that I was on my own to find a cab.  Overall, while it's not anywhere near the top of my list, I did like the property and would give it another chance. 
128610664	 Location just off Dupont Circle is ideal. Hotel is beautiful property with nice size rooms for DC. Bathrooms are a little small, but typical for DC. The main reason I did not give 5 stars is because there is a noise issue. Although our room on the third floor had almost no street noise, the walls between rooms seemed to be paper thin. We could hear every conversation in the room next to us and in the hallway. Part of the problem may have been that we had an adjoining room and it could just be the doors that don't insulate sound, but the sound insulation was not up to par for this caliber of hotel.<br/><br/>We were also disappointed that we did not get a newspaper or room turndown service. Someone in management needs to do a better job of making sure these things happen. It's a small detail, but it is what separates the luxury collection hotels, and they are not following through. 
136317017	 As a 35-year veteran traveller I have plenty of opinions regarding hotels and hotel staff. The Fairfax is one of the most pleasant of experiences one can have in a non-resort hotel. Easy to find, around the corner from numerous restaurants and service oriented stores, quiet streets, nice rooms and wonderful staff. From Bellmen to Concierge, Front Desk to Hostesses, these are some of the nicest and most attentive hotel employees you will find anywhere. I can't say enough about these wonderful folks. They make you feel like you are part of their family! 
136105169	 The room was small,the shower was nice - goooood water pressure and a temp gauge BUT the pillows are crap. Crap I say. The feather pillows were bad enough - Big and flat. The replacement pillows were worse. Small and flat. What a disappointment. Staff is lovely, but bring your own piilow 
136009364	 Over the years, we have departed from B&amp;Bs in big cities for nicer hotels. After years of spotty service, moronic guests, and street noise, we had put up with enough. Enter this hotel, with Old-World service...and prices. Be prepared to spend 300 per night on a delightful room and a staff eager to get you back again. You cannot ask for a more convenient locale in the District, either. Good food and the Phillips Collection are a few steps away, as is the DuPont Circle metro stop, a direct link to Union Station and Amtrak. I wish the hotel offered free Internet, but we have managed well without it during two visits. 
135761855	 Stayed at the Fairfax for 5 days. Were there for a wedding in June. This was the second time I was staying there. Last time was there alone but this time with my son. <br/>We had a wonderful time. <br/><br/>The plus points;<br/>Fantastic location near Dupont Circle. <br/>The rooms are neat and clean.<br/>There is a lovely restaurant and bar inside the hotel in case you do not want to go out.<br/>The staff at the reception, the concierge are courteous and helpful.<br/>It has a nice gym where, (if you are exercise freak), can work out. <br/><br/><br/>Close to the Dupont metro line -a mere 7-10 mts walk. (Be sure to avoid peak hours as it is crowded and also the non peak hour fares are less)<br/>Walk out and lovely restaurants (reasonably priced) are just 5 minutes away. However if you venture a bit beyond the metro station, you will find a plethora of restaurants/eateries of varied cuisines to suit different pockets.<br/><br/><br/>In case you want to take a conducted tour of the city (Hop on/Hop off bus OR the Trolley bus tours), the stops for these are also close to the hotel though you have to walk about 10-12 mts. to reach the pick-up point. <br/><br/><br/>Another attraction close by is Georgetown. (the Hop on - Hop off/Trolley tour buses also take you there). The walk to Georgetown area is about 45 mts, which if you do, will thoroughly enjoy. Also, in the alternative you can take a bus (which is a sort of circular route bus) there and enjoy (though the bus stop for this route is also a 10-15mt walk from the hotel). Avoid peak hour travel by this bus because traffic crawls at that time and walking may be faster. Once there enjoy the special cup cakes and also do not forget to take a cruise on the boat.<br/><br/>The minus points of the hotel.<br/>In case you ask the reception for a room number of a guest, they will not tell you (against their policy) but will connect you.<br/>In case you want a knife to cut some fruits in the room, they will not provide it (against their policy) but you can go down to the restaurant and ask for one, which they will give.<br/>Since we were there for the wedding, we were sitting and talking and laughing late at night in a room, when the security came up and said the guest next door has to catch a flight early next morning so we should wind up - this happened 2 days in a row - coincidence ???????????<br/><br/><br/>All in all a wonderful hotel and a wonderful experience. 
135714167	 We will stay here again! Lots of reasons why<br/> 1)We got a great triple AAA rate here that matched the other online booking sites prepaid, no cancellation deals, but we didn't have to prepay or worry if something came up and had to cancel.<br/>2) The front desk service was friendly, efficient, and engaging. The front desk staff remembered us from one day to the next and asked my kids about the pins they had collected that day. Very nice! And they let us check into one of our rooms at 1pm, well before checking time, even though we were prepared to check our bags with the bellman.<br/>3) The bell service was also top notch! When we arrived they were very helpful and patient as our family, and all our stuff, came spilling out of the car. They also made sure we had ice cold bottles of water both when we left for the day and when we came back. Finally, they sent a cab for us to come back from the National Zoo.<br/>4) We did take out one evening from the hotel bar. Nice bartender, food came quickly, amazing truffle fries, nice margarita pizza, and beverages to make everyone happy.<br/>The beds were amazingly comfortable, and the rooms had newer flat screen tvs and plenty large enough bathrooms. We also liked the free shampoos and such. They were nice products. <br/>5) Gerard, the room director, made sure we had adjoining rooms as requested. He was terrific, as this was important to our family.<br/>6) This place was spotless. Their cleaning staff knows what they are doing.<br/>7) The location is good for the Metro, and there plenty of good places to eat close by. Cab to the National Mall was around $12, and for the four of us, single ride tickets on the Metro were about that.<br/>We were pleased, and my kids said to be sure and tell everyone how much we liked it. So I did! 
135661942	 We really enjoyed staying in this hotel during our recent stay to DC. It is very close to Dupont Circle which is full of shops and restaurants and the subway. We were able to get everywhere we needed to go from here. The room was very clean and elegant. It was a great place to come home to each night after a very busy, hot and tiring day. 
197780466	 I loved this gem of a hotel. My husband and I stayed in a handicapped-accessible room on the 5th floor. We didn't need the handicapped accommodations, but the room had the lowest available rate, so we took it. The staff found us a room with extra space for a cot (we had an unexpected third guest for a night). The bed was amazingly comfortable and both the bedroom and bath were very spacious. Our only complaint was that the water-pressure in the shower wasn't great, likely because of the modified showerhead. <br/><br/>The staff was also very friendly. We showed up early, expecting to just drop off our bags, but they let us go right to the room. The location was also great--just one block from the Dupont Circle Metro station and in a cute little part of town with plenty of restaurants and places to go. We'd definitely stay here again. 
197652329	 Stayed for a weekend. The place seems to work hard at looking snobby but the staff was extraordinarily friendly, whether you were wearing a tie ... or not. Perfect location, maybe 200 yards from Dupont Circle, so it's a quick walk to the Metro. Have to mention that the LG flatscreen was the best calibrated TV that I've ever watched in a hotel. Some coffee in the lobby in the morning would be nice, but maybe the swells knew the secret password and we didn't. Oh well, the weekend price on Expedia was too low to pass up. We'll stay here again on the next trip to DC. 
197234614	 Stayed in this hotel for the first time for two nights in March 2014 with my girlfriend. As others pointed out, it's in a great location, lots of life around and also close to the metro.<br/><br/>I had a wonderful experience checking in, Kati, the person at the reception was extremely friendly and helpful. She made sure we got a great room, and was very patient (even after I locked myself out of the room 5 minutes after checking in).<br/><br/>The hotel also has a great bar and the bartender was super nice. (S)he made us delicious cocktails and went out of her way to make us feel well.<br/><br/>The top it off, we got a late checkout after sleeping in. All in all, it was a wonderful experience, I highly recommend this hotel. I will definitely be staying here again. 
196874210	 Last time I was here, had a small spartan room with no desk. This time, arrived on a snowy night; asked for a room with a desk - and the very helpful front desk person found one that he thought had a desk (and was right). Called after I got into the room just to make sure. Room MUCH better, lighter, larger and very helpful for a business traveler. (Desk person said many people came for other reasons and often didn't want a desk.) Staff particularly helpful this time. 
196679596	 Five-night stay for a conference in February 2014. It's a beautiful hotel with nicely appointed rooms. The restaurant was a nice place to eat, have drinks, and socialize. I had one of the best no-cheese pizzas (I am a vegan) ever! It was close to the Metro, a 24-hour CVS, Kramerbooks and Afterword Cafe, La Tomate, the Phillips Gallery (free on weekdays!). The staff were very helpful, friendly, and professional.<br/>The breakfast buffet, however, was ridiculously expensive, even for a hotel. I opted not to get the buffet. Instead, I got a tea and a small bowl of oatmeal one morning, and it cost me $16.<br/>I also think it's archaic to charge for in-room Internet in this day and age. And the fee for using the computer and printing was ridiculous, too, though I didn't really have a choice, as I was making last-minute changes to my paper and printing handouts.<br/>Without the conference rate, it would have been a very expensive stay, so I probably wouldn't stay there again unless my imaginary sugar daddy was paying for it. But it was a nice experience overall. 
196558364	 I had a great experience at this hotel; I was there a week, so I had an opportunity to really experience it. Room service is great, it's quick and the food is good, although it is a limited menu.<br/>Everyone on the staff was friendly, helpful and willing to go the extra mile to help out. On the day I arrived, the airlines had ripped my new suitcase; I asked one of the front-desk staff if there was anywhere nearby I could get it fixed; she said there was--and walked with me down the block to a shoe repair shop, introduced me as a guest of the hotel, and the shop owner assured me he could fix the bag before I left. He did and you can't tell where he repaired it. <br/>My room was clean, the bed very comfortable, and the windows open a few inches to let in fresh air, if you wish. <br/>I needed a connector to connect to a projector and a clicker--I forgot mine; they assured me they could handle it, no problem, and they did. I had a large package arrive that needed my signature, repacking and sending out again. They brought it up to my room along with packing tape. I opened it, signed it, retyped it, and called the front desk. It went off that night from the hotel.<br/>The business center, often a source of great irritation for travelers, was excellent and everything worked like a charm.<br/>Also, the hotel is in near many shops, book shops, and restaurants within easy walking distance--and right across the street from the Philips Collection, an excellent museum devoted to modernist art. 
122847975	 The Fairfax is in an excellent location, one block from the Dupont Circle Metro North entrance.<br/>The staff is very friendly and check-in was fast and efficient. My SPG status was recognized and was upgraded to a larger room.<br/>The decor overall has a old world charm, very much like a Ritz Carlton. The room I have has a small work desk so it is a little cramp and only one outlet on the desk lamp, additional outlets under the desk. So it is not as business friendly. <br/>Bed is comfortable with fluffy comforter, marble bath is small but functional. There is turn down service in the evening.<br/>The best thing about the hotel is its location, there are many dining options within 1-2 blocks of the hotel on P Street, and I am not even talking about the heart of Dupont Circle.<br/>If you can get the low pre-paid Internet Rate (less than $200) off the SPG site, this is a great value. Complementary paper in the morning (USAToday, Wall Street Journal). ZipCar location is across the street in the Embassy Suites Hotel, so very convenient. 
122837366	 This 75 year old hotel has great charm, convenient location being 1 1/2 blocks from the subway and within walking distance to a number of fabulous inexpensive restaurants. The hotel itself has a pleasant restaurant and bar with lots of old wood warmth.<br/><br/>The fitness centre is adequate and our room was comfortable and quiet. The two staff persons who acted as concierge when we were there were extremely helpful and knowledgable regarding local reataurants, tours and other attractions.<br/><br/>i have nothing negative to say regarding this property. 
122710682	 To be frank, i had overlooked this starwood property in DC, given the highly available standards at &quot;luxury collection&quot; hotels...normally stay at the W or St Regis<br/><br/>However for personal stay the rate here was very good and in fact the service and overally quality of the hotel was very high. All the staff are very friendly and the rooms, while a bit dated/old style) are large and comfortable and very well maintained.<br/><br/>Location is great also. Very pleased and will stay here again. 
122686060	 This is an elegant hotel, formerly the Ritz Carlton, that is updated, busy, and very attractive. We had a corner room on an upper floor with two windows. It was quiet and well furnished. 
122642951	 A lovely hotel with great service and restaurant and would highly recommend this hotel. 
122580404	 The staff is always top notch, especially the guys out front. This is a great hideaway location off Dupont Circle next to Kalorama neighborhood. Starbucks is just down the street. The bar is one of my favourite dark, paneled bars with a fire. Perfect place to get away from the crowds. Small and intimate describes this entire hotel. The lobby is small, rooms are good size and the new renamed restaurant is very good. The Jockey Club name is gone but the food remains the same. Competent but pricey. Still kudos to the staff; after many visits they always have been kind to us. 
227248319	 Sorry, this is a lovely hotel in a good location near DuPont Circle, but in this age, Free WiFi is not an add on. That's like charging extra for towels or pillows.<br/>When they fix, this the rating will be Excellent. The rooms were clean, the bed comfortable and the Staff friendly and accommodating. There are lots of good and well priced restaurants within a short walk. 
227198049	 We held a conference at this hotel and received rave reviews from our participants regarding both the venue and the catering. The rooms are very nice; quiet and with comfortable beds. I could wish for the wifi to be a little faster, especially in the meeting rooms, but particularly when one's in a big group it's not uncommon for connections to be a little slow so that's not really a big quibble. And that's just a minor infrastructure issue; the A/V staff is some of the best I've ever worked with in DC or elsewhere. Kudos to Linda, if you're reading this! In fact the hotel staff across the board, from desk/reservation staff to doormen to the catering staff, were without exception helpful and courteous and always eager to do whatever they could to make our stay pleasant.<br/><br/>The hotel pub (the Fairfax Lounge, I think it's called) is actually one of my favorite places in DC for a quiet drink and dinner. Very comfortable with a fantastic bartender and wait staff! The truffle fries are divine. Along these lines, the catering we had at our meeting was absolutely delicious. The chefs here really know what they're doing. <br/><br/>The location is also great; metro-accessible and Dupont Circle is right there with tons of eateries in all price ranges, and then across the bridge the other way is Georgetown just a few blocks away. Plus, of course, Rock Creek Park is right there too for running/biking. 
226486829	 Right next to many foreign embassies in DC (Portuguese, Indian, Malaysian, etc..). It's 45 min walk from H street (Chinatown), ~50 min from the museums. So it's not that close if you're not looking to rent a car. Valet only, ~$45/day. The hotel is in a quiet neighborhood, has good amenities in room, safe, umbrellas, Q-tips, etc... 
226465746	 This was a perfect hotel for guests of a wedding taking place Georgetown-Cosmos club. The hotel service fantastic, great comfortable beds ,nice linens. For this guest even the fitness room was elegant and helpful.<br/>Wedding party even offered breakfast buffet which was exceptional with fantastic service.<br/>I adored the bell staff and concierge. Front desk was busy but handled it and when I did not get my room on time, I got 24 hours free parking. Smart. 
226363198	 Arrived in the late afternoon after a delayed flight. Doormen were great welcoming us to the hotel &amp; taking care of the luggage. Check-in was a breeze. Room was great with all needed amenities.<br/>Went down to the restaurant for a quick bite. Although it was busy, our meal was served in a very reasonable amount of time and was very reasonably priced. <br/>The night was perfect because the hotel environment is very quiet.<br/>In the morning we realized the beauty of the location. The hotel breakfast was just right in every manner. Right variety and amount of food and very reasonably priced for what it offered. Service was great.<br/>The neighborhood is very serene and the location is great for many reasons:<br/>(a) Starbucks around the corner<br/>(b) Pain Cuotidien one block away for your morning coffee, croissants, or a light breakfast if you so desire.<br/>(c) Dupont Circle was one block away with access to a CVS for all your urgent needs. <br/>(d) For your morning healthy walk, all the magnificent embassy buildings are there for you to enjoy<br/>(e) Downtown D.C was one to two miles away which lends itself to a very brisk walk in twenty or a bit more minutes depending on how far you want to go with access to great shopping.<br/>(f) Restaurants: great restaurants are available close by that the concierge could recommend to suit your palate<br/>The best part of the whole stay is the pleasant service from all members of the team including the front office director, Mr. Ersoy, who is frequently seen in the lobby, making sure all the hotel guests needs are well taken care of.<br/>In short this is a boutique, elegant, and beautiful hotel that is greatly located with a superb atmosphere. 
226231294	 The location is a bit off from the main station. <br/><br/>The room was very spacious. The side table was full of used bottled, not cleared by the housekeeping. The overall decor is very royal.<br/><br/>The staff was not very welcoming at check-in. <br/><br/>I would still recommend this hotel to people looking for a value for money. 
82868197	 We had a great stay at &quot;The Fairfax at Embassy Row.&quot; Staff was great, room service and housekeeping was perfect. Make sure you request &quot;Turndown Service&quot; they do a great job preparing the room especially after you return from dinner and a night out and you have left the room a bit messy trying to get ready for your night. Location was convient to good restaruants and close to Georgetown too. 
82793595	 This place is just amazing, right opposite to Indian embassy in the embassy row street. This is a great hotel with historical significance. The rooms were very nice and well appointed. A definite stay. 
81980205	 We stayed just one night using points. The location was good, walking distance to restaurants/cafes and metro. Overall the hotel was nice. For a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel, their cleaning crew could pay a little more attention to detail though. Just things like splatter (toothpaste, soap) on the bathroom walls, fingerprints on the doors, dust on the lights. Nothing all that bad, but I would've thought everything would be perfect. The staff were very nice/helpful/friendly. Everything was in good working condition. Nice bath towels. Parking is expensive ($42), but's life in the big city. We would stay there again. 
81905645	 we travelled here from new york on amtrak, which was great. this is one of the nicest places i have stayed. the staff were polite, smiling and friendly at all times.we had a lovely 4 days sight seeing and wow that was impressive.tubes were easy to use, once we were shown how to get the tickets.bus tour great to find our bearings but lenghtly . we had to extend our stay due to my husband needing medical treatment. there coulld not have been any where i would rather have been, other than home. they very quickly reassured me and helped me in any way they could. staff like this dont come with every hotel.george washington hospital dealt very promptly to my husband and were also great. 
79167586	 We stayed at the Fairfax at Embassy Row during Labor Day weekend. This hotel is excellent. <br/><br/>Because we were traveling with a young child, I called the hotel in advance. Matthew, at the front desk, went through extraordinary lengths to arrange for all our needs with our child, including delivery of a refrigerator for milk, early check in and a well appointed room, and even called me back several times days before our trip to confirm our requested arrangements. The quality of his service was superior.<br/><br/>We stayed in a one-bedroom suite. The room was luxurious and the bed extremely comfortable.<br/><br/>We also ate lunch in the lounge next to the Jockey Club and the seafood salad was recommended by our server Raul was delicious and a great value. Raul's friendliness was indicative of the friendliness of all of the staff we met on the trip.<br/><br/>The hotel is in a good location, safe with many restaurants near.<br/><br/>The Fairfax at Embassy Row is a Luxury Collection Starwood property. Not only is it a great hotel, but it is one of the best values in DC. 
78650968	 Location: Great - if this is the area you want to be in!<br/>The Faifax is a nice hotel in the Dupont Circle area of DC. The hotel is on embassy row and also surrounded by residential buildings. It is pretty quiet. There are restaurants around the corner and you can walk to the shopping area from the hotel. Georgetown is close but in my opinion not walkable. You would need to take the metro or taxi to get there. If you want to see the monuments, I would not recommend staying at this location - too far.<br/><br/>Service: Mixed!<br/>All the employees were very friendly and professional. They constantly greeted us when we would arrive and depart. We only encountered one not so friendly worker at the front desk. <br/>Our toilet was not flushing in the room and immediately someonecame up to fix it. However, it kept flushing by itself all night.<br/>Housekeeping did not come to clean our room until 4:30pm when we had already returned from being away all day. Not very convienent since we wanted to rest and shower before going out to dinner.<br/>There is no turndown service.<br/>And both nights we were there we did not receive the newspaper we requested in the morning.<br/>CHECK YOUR BILL - we were accidently charged for an extra night but it was immediately fixed once we brought it to their attention.<br/><br/>Room: Nice!<br/>We had a grand deluxe room with a king size bed on the top floor overlooking Mass Ave. I think it was large and the decor was nicely appointed. It had a sofa in a sitting area and a very big flat screen tv. The bathroom was a good size but needed to be updated. The counter was cracked completely in half and it had a shower/tub combo - not very luxurious. The bedroom was very clean and so were the carpets. The bathroom however, had hair in the shower when we checked in.<br/>There is onsite parking for a price.<br/><br/>Recommendations on where to eat:<br/>Founding Farmers - green and organic resto, good food, spotty service<br/>Jaleo - one of Jose Andres' resto, great food, tapas mostly, need a reservation 
95428250	 This hotel was sold by marriott some years ago and purchased by the Starwood chain who undertook renovation which was much needed. While I preferred the more traditional old world decor of the Marriott, the Starwood chain accomplished a make-over without destroying the general ambiance. Rooms are spacious and subtly tasteful. Large bathrooms with lovely amenities.<br/><br/>The Bar retains an intimate appeal and deserves a visit.<br/><br/>Its location near Dupont Circle makes it an excellent launching point for DC whether it's business or pleasure. 
95116322	 I was in town to do business in Dupont Circle so the location was fantastic. Everything else was average. I had to get in-room dining on my first night and found that to be very average. The fitness center is small but has modern equipment. The rooms are TINY and the bed was average. The staff was friendly, but not 4-star. The concierge gave me the wrong price for a car they booked and put me with a car company that I thought were crooks. I am also continually disappointed at hotels that cater to business customers charging me for internet. It was definitely not a four-star experience, but the convenience outweighed almost all of this. I should note that we had a discount rate - I may have been more disappointed if paying full freight. 
94497166	 I stayed at this classic hotel located in a very upscale, walkable neighborhood for a business seminar that was held across the street at the Hilton. Many of my colleagues stayed at the run-of-the-mill, 60s-styled Hilton and each morning I smugly walked across the street to our meetings feeling superior and smart, especially since I paid the same price as they did ($127!) via Expedia. SPG.com didn't show any availability and the rate was $100 more. As an SPG platinum member, this is annoying.<br/><br/>The Fairfax is one of SPG's Luxury Collection and has a definite private club, non-chain feel. It sits on a corner surrounded by embassies and large homes complete with wrought iron fences and gates. One block away there were nice restaurants and bars and I especially recommend La Tiramisu. I didn't take the metro on this trip but the nearby station doesn't look too far away on a map.<br/><br/>The lobby, restaurant and bar are wood-paneled and look like an old-boy's social club. Even the name of the restaurant, The Jockey Club, smack of Ivy League ambiance and privilege. The halls feature chandeliers, brass and other old-school touches.<br/><br/>My room was a standard room (no upgrades available- a constant theme at many SPG locations. Who are they saving them for??) and it was very nice. The bed frame and furniture were solid wood, the bedspread and curtains were thick and the bathroom had antique-styled, but modern fixtures. Wallpaper and nice framed prints completed the mansion guest room look.<br/><br/>I didn't have interaction with the front desk, so I can't speak to the service there. The lounge has no vibe whatsoever but it is comfortable with upholstered furniture and a fire burning.<br/><br/>I plan to return to this hotel next month with my wife for tourist stay and I look forward it. 
93219147	 I got stranded in DC after a work event ran too late to catch the last train out of the District. Since hanging out in Union Station until 3am was out of the question, I used Hotwire to find a low last-minute rate. The Fairfax was a pleasant surprise. I was welcomed cordially by the front-desk clerk, and was impressed by the cozy, old-world feel and decor of the lobby. My room was simple and small, yet elegant with its high-quality bedding, towels, bath amenities, and clean and modern bathroom (though I wish I'd received a room with a tub instead of just a shower stall -- but I was too exhausted to ask for another room).<br/><br/>My only wish for a hotel considered a &quot;luxury&quot; property, is that the room should have been supplied with a bathrobe and an extra blanket. Being stranded and not having a change of clothes, a bathrobe would have been most welcome. Fortunately, I was given a double room so I used the duvet from the other bed as an extra layer. Another oversight is that the clerk at check-in gave me a choice of a WSJ or Wash. Post for the morning in addition to an automatically-supplied USA Today. Although I selected the Post, I only received the USA Today. This is a problem because this hotel is the type that would attract intellectually discerning guests who, like myself, prefer to read serious news and analysis with their breakfast.<br/><br/>Apart from these minor misses, this hotel is a nice way to have a more residential feel (rather than big-hotel-chain feel) in the restaurant- and shopping-rich Dupont Circle area, from which to easily get the Metro for business engagements or tourist sites. A recommendation: Have an equally elegant but affordable breakfast down the street at this neighborhood's outlet of the Belgian chain, Pain Quotidien. 
92029197	 This was a 3-night getaway for New Year's Eve. I was able to get a great rate on Priceline ($87 per night). The basic king room itself was fine, but the heating system ran constantly and the thermostat was useless. We didn't spend much time in the room, so it was tolerable with the window open at night. The bed was comfortable. The bathroom was roomy and clean, but I noticed the towel rack and the toilet paper dispenser were loosely attached to the wall. I only mention this because some travel sites rate this hotel 4.5 stars. <br/><br/>The service was outstanding. Be sure to ask the concierge about museum tickets. She had a couple extras for the Newseum that folks weren't using. The fitness center was small, but clean and had the essentials for a decent workout on the road. The location of the hotel was good for us. It's one block from the Metro and an easy walk to Georgetown. We also liked the lounge in the hotel. It was a very relaxing setting in the evening after a long day. Valet parking charges $43 a day.<br/><br/>I would stay here again, but would hope for a different room. 
91348605	 My husband and I stayed at The Fairfax for three nights over New Year's. We recieved a warm welcome at check-in, and quickly brought to our room. Everyone we met was terrificic.<br/><br/>The room itself was a decent size (perhaps a bit larger than most because we are SPG Gold), had a small sitting area and nice bathroom. I don't think that this property has the 'heavenly bed&quot; which we missed... The pillows were a bit lumpy though the additional ones we requested were more plush. The biggest downside to the room was that the walls were thin. I woke up during the night and could hear another guest in the next room snoring...<br/><br/>The best part of this hotel is the location. Its just a block of Dupont Circle so within a few blocks of lots of restaurants, bars, and shops. We also enjoyed about a 20 minute walk to Georgetown, 20-30 min walk to the Mall and Smithsonian museums, and 10-15 minute walks to U Street and Adams Morgan. Perfect location for walkig and Metro is just steps away. 
173377342	 My wife, 2 lads (13,11) and I stayed here for 6 nights and loved it. From the very first greeting by the jolly doorman on the welcomingly charming entrance we felt at home; the Reception/Concierge service was exemplary, nothing was too much trouble and the fine line between professionalism and approachability was trodden expertly.<br/>Our room - a dbl dbl - was lovely; if I had one minor quibble it would be that the AC was a bit on the noisy side. However, once turned off at night it was fine and the room remained cool - we simply put it back on during the day whilst we were out.<br/>The location was terrific, just a few mins down the very pleasant Massachussets Avenue from the lively DuPont Circle (shops, restaurants/cafes, Metro Station).<br/>For the slightly more energetic you are only a 20 mins walk from the White House/Mall/etc (and that was at the pace of surly teenager!) in one direction, and a slightly shorter jaunt to the lovely Georgetown.<br/>The hotel also offers a nice intimate bar (if a tad on the pricey side - a treat to end your day with a well-deserved beer/cocktail!).<br/>I would recommend this hotel in a breath, great for young families and couples alike.<br/>Thanks go to the lovely management team for making our stay so pleasant. 
173369046	 I do highly recommend this hotel because it is excellent, so clean, beautiful, with comfort, excellent guest services and care; the location of this hotel it is awesome because at 5 minutes approx.. away you will find the white house, 10 minutes approx. away from the Smithsonian Museums and the capitol and others important places to visit at Washington DC. 
172582561	 I had an occasion to return to the Fairfax for a two night stay in August 2013. When I checked in I was asked if a room near the health club would be okay. I was then told that people don't usually complain but they feel the need to give me the option. I accepted and thought nothing about it until somebody with leaden feet got on the treadmill at 11:30. For the next 30 minutes my walls reverberated with this guy's footfalls. By the time he finished I realized that my A/C was banging and keeping time with him. Even when he stopped it did not. I ended up turning the A/C off for an hour. When I turned it back on it was tolerably quiet. <br/><br/>My television received all of the expected stations, except for the one I wanted to watch. Much to his credit the guy from engineering came up and tried to fix it, came back with a new television, and then came back a third time with a new computer card. Each time the same station had no signal. It remained that way over night, but not for lack of effort to try to remedy the situation. <br/><br/>The next day I switched to a much larger, higher level room, which was really nice and spacious. And far from the health club. Everything in both rooms was clean, the bathrooms were well appointed, and the beds are very comfortable.<br/><br/>At about 7:00 AM I was distressed by the fact that nearby construction had begun jack hammering. This continued non-stop until I realized that it was my A/C. Funny about that construction site, the jack hammering stopped when I turned off the A/C. <br/><br/>I really want to like this hotel, I have stayed in another one in the Luxury collection and had only good things to say. The staff is wonderful and made me feel like they actually remembered me from my previous stay. Unfortunately the property itself is making it difficult for me to like it. 
172421299	 Delightful hotel with charming service. Location is excellent and value outstanding. A lovely stay for our 2 families which gave us a delightful finale to our US experience. Peter, the concierge, is an expert. 
171867154	 I love classic hotels but not ones which are simply old. The Fairfax is the latter. It is in need of a complete gut renovation as it's a 3 star facility right now. <br/><br/>The garage management should also be improved. You shouldn't wait nearly half an hour for them to get your car when there's no line when you're being charged $45. 
171343342	 I went with my boyfriend and family to stay at this hotel at the end of July. The experience was amazing, the rooms are really nice, the staff, the location, everything. I would definitely recommend this place. 
138994069	 This hotel is nice. It is not a luxury hotel, but it is very nice and the service is excellent. The hotel is one block from the Metro. The food is also very good. <br/>I stayed at your hotel from August 21 to August 25. I just want to commend Tee Loofa for his great assistance and service. I went with my mother and he made us feel very special. I will go back to that hotel because of what he did for us. I also want to thank everyone that work at the entrance of the hotel. I do not know their name but they were very nice and helpful.<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>Clara Holden 
138711386	 We just returned from a three night stay at the Fairfax; our second visit since last spring. We remain pleased with this hotel and continue to feel it's a great deal for DC. Once again, we got an excellent rate by booking directly with the hotel.<br/><br/>The location is exceptional; very close to the red line Dupont Circle Metro (about 2 blocks) and an easy Metro ride from Union Station if you are arriving by train; a pleasant walk past lovely embassies down tree-lined streets. From Starbucks to CVS to great restaurants and shops, there is, of course everything you could need (and fabulous people-watching) around the Circle. If you are there on a Sunday, check out the very large farmer's market. Makes you wish you had a kitchen at hand to cook up a storm with all the goodies available!<br/><br/>Our room was very clean and quiet; quality linens and towels and toiletries; competent, professional staff. The bar is very &quot;clubby&quot; reflective of the building's storied past. Check it out. Great atmosphere. We'll be back! 
138469285	 I stayed at the fairfax at embassy row with my family 2 weeks ago and it was a wonderful experience for all of us.There is much to say about this location. It is located near all of Washington's embassies, and right next to Dupont circle where we found some great little places to grab a bite.<br/><br/>We try not to be too picky but we have a few things we always need our room to have.We called the hotel directly to ensure this happened, and one of the front office managers was so helpful and patient through all of our requests. When we arrived to the hotel the front desk staff was extremely pleasant, and upon seeing our room everything was arranged exactly how we had asked.<br/><br/>Throughout our stay the staff was extremely friendly, and always assisted with a smile day or night.<br/><br/>I would like to lastly mention that the Concierge Peter was so friendly to our children, and offered them chocolates with a picture of the hotel on them. This just made my kids day,<br/><br/>We will most definitely return to this property. The staff is an important part of the a hotel (we travel a lot) and this staff made us feel more than welcome. 
138322287	 Simply put, this hotel is one of the best I have ever stayed at in terms of both service and location. The service was above and beyond what I would ever expect at a hotel of this level. From the doorman, to the check-in to the 24 hour concierge it was top notch. We were upgraded to a lovely suite, large and beautifully decorated in a traditional style. Elizabeth at the concierge desk was beyond helpful, she went out of her way to ensure we had excellent recommendations. Fantastic location at Dupont Circle close to many restaurants, and the Metro just a few blocks away. i would stay here again with pleasure! 
138312032	 Spent just 1 night here, While we moved our college student into American University. Location was great - just 10 minutes drive from AU. Close to the Metro and restaurants. Room was clean, beds were comfortable and a good size. Only negative was the no name shower valve. It lacked water pressure and the highest temperature was a 105. After a long drive I was looking forward to a long hot shower - that didn't happen - the shower lived up to its name. For a luxury brand hotel and the spa like look of the shower- should have felt just as wonderful. I would still return - as cleanliness and location were exceptional. 
137847229	 This hotel was everything you would expect. The other favorable reviews are accurate. I will add that the staff was excellent across the board: front desk, Concierge, Doormen, Bellmen, Room Service and housekeeping. We were always greeted with smiles and all requests were cheerfully and professionally handled. 
65623307	 I booked this hotel as one of The Luxury Group's hotels after an excellent experience at another of their properties in Vermont. Because of that, I had expectations of similar quality. During this time, they were transitioning from the Westin family to the Luxury Group family. After I mentioned my SPG membership, they asked if I wanted a USA Today, Wall Street Journal, or Washington Post in the morning. I responded Washington Post. But it didn't matter. They gave me a USA Today.<br/><br/>The hotel is nice. The lobby was not impressive. There was not even a place to sit if you had wanted to, but I was ushered in by the bellman and attended to promptly at the front desk. I paid the negotiated corporate rate of $232/nt.<br/><br/>My room was average sized and nicely furnished. While I was getting settled, a maid came and hung up a second robe in the closet. The furniture was arranged strangely. The bed and end tables were along one wall, there was a bench at the end of the bed and a chair that reclined. Then all the other furniture was bunched in a corner, leaving a large empty area in the other corner.<br/><br/>There were a few problems. I wanted to use the mini-bar to store some milk I had picked up at DuPont Circle, and could not get in. Apparently, a different key was needed. At other hotels, if that is the case, they ask you when you check in if you would like a key for the mini-bar. Not here.<br/><br/>Another problem was the location of the coffee pot. It is set on top and back of a high piece of furniture about 5 feet tall. The furniture had a hinged door that was dropped down to form a bar. They had opened it the night before when I asked for ice, and I could not figure out how to make it go back. So the coffee pot was set about 4 feet back. There is no lighting on it, and I had a hard time making out the instructions. It was the kind of pot where you put in a packet and place your cup under neath it, not one with an actual pot like a Mr. Coffee. I gave up when I read to fill the reservoir to the one cup line if you wanted 1 cup, and the 2 cup line if you wanted 2. I would not have been able to look down into the reservoir unless I were 7 feet tall, and unable to read the line (doubtless raised black on black) unless I had the eyesight of a cat. I tried to pull the pot out towards me so I could see into it, but it had no slack. I could not reach to the cord as it was tightly behind this heavy piece of furniture. Maybe they could use that empty space to put a small table for the coffee pot.<br/><br/>I called the front desk twice- once for a wake up call, and once to ask for ice. One of those times I was answered by someone whose accent was so pronounced that I could not understand what she was saying. I don't think it would have been a problem in person, but she did not have a good phone voice.<br/><br/>There was no pool or jacuzzi or steam room. <br/><br/>Checking out was easy, but they were unable to give me an itemized bill showing taxes which I need for my travel reimbursement.<br/><br/>On the plus side, the sheets were nice. - No mint on the pillow. Sorry! There was a Big Ben alarm clock which was a charming retro touch, although I don't trust myself to correctly set a strange clock. The hallways were pretty. The Jockey Club restaurant where I had breakfast was good. Sea salt in the salt shakers. Nice!<br/><br/>I just had higher expectations based on the price of the hotel and the chain to which it belonged. It was a nice hotel, but it didn't feel like luxury. Let's hope it was the growing pains from going from a Westin to a Luxury. 
63857943	 An excellent hotel.. formerly the Ritz. Well located and a wonderful building.<br/><br/>The hotel had great service and the staff were pleasant. Everything one would expect for a 4.5 star hotel. My room was small, but with an incredible bathroom and stand-up shower. Bed was comfy and they had both WiFi and wireline internet access which was great for the iPod.<br/><br/>I wouldn't recommend this hotel for someone with issues with stairs as the lobby is about 6 steps below the elevator and you must manage up the steps to get to your room. However, for everone else this is a great place. 
63407960	 Stayed one night in Fairfax at Embassy Row. Wonderful service: everyone was friendly and helpful. the room was spacious and spotless, and the bathroom quite large. I didn't have a view, but o/w it was a very pleasant stay. I would definitely stay there again. The location is great, on Massachusetts Avenue 2 blocks from Dupont Circle. 
63169841	 Just got back from Washington D.C. from Europe..Loved the city..Mutlicultural, cosmopolitan, vibrant..I found a really good deal on the web (don't want to make any kind of advertisement) at the price of about 160 bucks a night for the Fairfax which was fair enough..you don't want to spend more than 200 bucks for a hotel like this one..<br/>The staff is really kind, rooms where cleaned properly (although since we didn't get any drink from the mini bar the first night the day after they emptyed..could have avoid this policy), the overall ambient was nice..Few dissapointement on the details like the mini bar or like the fact that they try to gives a room close by a noisy machinery..immediately we change room without problems though..i read on this website many people had the same problem..they should just cut those rooms off cause it gives a bad first impression and most likely more than 80% of the people asks to change it anyway!!..<br/>The LOCATION is great!! less than a block to the metro, plenty of good restaurants (i'm Italian so i now a few things about food) from every corner of the world, good energy, lots of variegated people..Overall i would retake the hotel but for the same price or less, if your budget is of 300/400 a night i would recommend another hotel..they have the potential to get a standard 5 star hotel but they should work on the details who we all know are essential to perfection..Saluti 
62943135	 We waited in line to see if we could check-out the rooms as we have a three day reservation for the following weekend. We waited in a short line at the front desk and when it came our turn the desk clerk allowed and attended to two other people that just walked up to the desk. We heard that the staff was rude and we agree. We also heard thru trip advisor that the rooms were inconsistent in size. Unfortunatley we were never able to see any of the rooms. We were looking forward to staying there, but we are now cancelling. We prefer the Palomar and then the Residence Inn across the street. where staff are consistently courteous and attentive, where the rooms are consistent, and where we feel welcome! 
62469578	 Although we are avid travelers, this was our first experience with a discount<br/>broker and we were quite happily surprised. The entrance lobby is on the small side...more like an intimate boutique hotel with fresh flowers and wood paneled walls. Check in was a bit busy, and a line formed behind us<br/>until an assistant came to help. However, our desk clerk was charming and helpful. <br/>The hallways are large, quiet, well lit, and beautifully decorated. Our oversized room was on a high floor, but faced an inside corridor. Perfect because DC can be loud and we had a great night sleep in the wonderful<br/>kind sized bed. We had drinks in the lovely wood paneled bar right next<br/>to the gas fireplace. Our favorite part of the trip, however, was dinner at the Jockey Club. Atmosphere, service, and food was superb. Would<br/>definitely recommend the sea bass, and ceasar salad.<br/>Washington DC in the spring is wonderful, and the fairfax made it special.<br/>One of our favorite hotel experiences. 
137148267	 This hotel is very elegant, but if you book through a travel site like Orbitz they won't let you get your Starwood points. It's closely located to Dupont Circle and is truly nestled in &quot;embassy row&quot;. The hotel itself is elegant with a decent breakfast, convenient bar that is elegant as well but not stuffy and open fairly late. The room we stayed in was gorgeous, it really reminded you of what a elegant DC hotel would look like. We will be staying here again. 
136776107	 An older hotel than we expected but in good condition - clean and we liked the size of our room with 2 double beds. The hotel is located in Dupont Circle which has lots of restaurant options - we liked the area. 
136565837	 The Fairfax is a lovely elegant hotel right at DuPont Circle, and conveniently located within the heart of DC. Service was excellent (there were actually two men at the door to open both doors for you!), and the decor is traditional without being too heavy. You definitely have a sense of place at the Fairfax, with paintings and decorations reflecting its location in the heart of the Capitol. The Room was large. Beautiful decor and furnishings. Large enough flat screen TV that swivels. Comfy bathrobe waiting in the closet. Super bathroom.<br/><br/>You can go almost anywhere from DuPont Metro Station. For Georgetown, which Metro subway does not go to, you can take DC circulator bus. It is on the other side of DuPont Circle on Connecticut Street (toward southeast). The bus will take you to the heart of M Street in Georgetown, a wonderful place for shopping and restaurant.<br/><br/>The hotel is located across the street from the Phillips Collection . The Woodrow Wilson House is a short walk and is worthwhile for history buffs. MANY embassies are in the area, with the Indonesian, Indian and Moroccan very close. <br/><br/>Staff was friendly and they always tried their best to make us happy and satisfied. Only minor complaint is the internet charge of $12.95 and there is no signal in the room . I think they should be nice to adjust the amount but I had a great stay and did not even pay attention to that detail during my stay. 
136527053	 We were visiting Washington DC to attend a wedding and this was the recommended hotel. It has an excellent location right by DuPont circle and the Metro. We came from Reagan International Airport by metro and then walked over to the hotel. There are many restaurants within a short walking distance. The hotel itself is charming. All of the staff were friendly and professional. When we checked in, I asked if we could be on the same floor as my friends and they had no problem switching my room from the fifth floor to the eighth floor. The rooms are a nice size and very clean. We didn't eat in the restaurant but did meet up with friends in the bar multiple times. The service in the bar was exceptional and the atmosphere was very relaxed and not rushed. <br/>The doormen were very friendly and helpful when we needed a cab.<br/>I would definitely stay here again 
136430883	 The Farfax in Dupont Circle is a great location, close to museums, DCA airport, the Mall but most importantly it is a very clean and an elegant place. It is an old hotel but has been updated. From a females perspective the bathroom was awesome. Large, lots of space and great mirrors for makeup! The staff was very profession as well as friendly. Very helpful with directions, getting taxis and just being there for you. Wonderful old bar. Keep in mind this hotel does not have a lot of added features, with food vending machines, a mini store for food/water/personal needs. One block away is a mini store, starbucks and many places to eat. My only &quot;beef&quot; is they charge yor to use in office internet to print out boarding passes etc. It's 6.95 for 15 mins. Why nit pick with such a silly charge. My suggestion is to let guests have 15 min for free to just print out boarding passes and then charge after that, if they feel the &quot;need&quot; to charge for internet use. This complant is very minor considering the great time and comfortable feel we had staying at the Farifax Dupont Cirlce. Highly recommend. 
136335691	 I stayed here on a Pleasure trip. It was my first stay at a The Luxury Collection property and I was not disappointed. The property itself is in a great locationA fabulous building, beautifully maintained and up to date with all of the features a business or leisure traveler may require, served by the most attentive, well trained and dedicated staff in this or any big city hotel. I have a great deal on my mind when I travel. To be able to rely on great accommodation and this terrific staff lifts a huge burden off of me and makes me much more effective at my job. Many thanks for the opportunity to express my appreciation.<br/><br/>The concierge was exceptionally helpful... Tee Loofa was especially gracious, making sure we were happy with our room and checking on us throughout our stay. He came out from behind the desk to greet us and make sure we were happy with everything, making this feel like an intimate boutique rather than a chain. <br/><br/>From the moment we arrived, to the instant we left, we were treated like royalty and we loved every single second of it..We would definitely consider returning in the future and it is certainly highly recommended for a wonderful family experience in a DC hotel. 
167227102	 Surprisingly this hotel is in SPG's &quot;luxury&quot; category- which , from the décor I wouldn’t say it was.<br/>That said, I have more positive to say about the hotel than detracting.<br/><br/>Myself and fiance stayed here for 4 days, 3 nights in June.<br/><br/> Let me start with the positives: GREAT location such much to do and see in the Dupont circle area which is an amazing place for dining options. GREAT staff.<br/><br/>The reception staff was efficient and genuinely warm and courteous. We had our room keys in less than 3 minutes I think. The bell staff was always ready with a smile and umbrella when the weather got tricky. Transport was quick and easy to come by.<br/><br/>The gym is fairly good if not a little tight with only one small area with weights leaving the rest of the footage to cardio machines mostly. We used this 3 times in 4 days and it was always clean, with cold towels, and stocked water. <br/><br/>Room service was pretty prompt, though on our first night they did not have the wine we ordered they brought a better comp without charging. The soup was forgotten, and this was brought promptly with no charge. <br/>The quality of the food was very good. <br/>Other calls to the guest services were also promptly attended to and with a smile. We felt very welcome. The do-not disturb sign was taken seriously and our room was quite and far from the elevator.<br/>The property has stairs that can be used to go from floor to floor which I like, because I dislike waiting for an elevator. <br/><br/>The overall décor of the place is moody/brash with poor lighting in the rooms and dingy carpet. Bathroom was cramped for two people and we were staying in a suite. <br/><br/>So overall, while we enjoyed the location and the staff, the room itself was not one we wanted to lounge around in when the weather was bad, ie, not cheerful or romantic. <br/><br/>If you got a good price and the local is more important to you than décor, this is a good stop. 
167187790	 This is a beautiful hotel with a great staff. You can find excellent and accessible rates and get 5 star service. The location can't be better. You find restaurants, museums, and all there is to see in washington at a very close distance.<br/>The staff is always willing to help and want to recognize the quality of service of Roy at the front desk.<br/>In summary this hotel is very accessible, is a 5 star hotel and you can find very good offers and stay at this quality room. 
167114912	 I just returned home from a week stay in Washington D.C. I spent the first few nights at the Fairfax Hotel, due to not being able to find a hotel room near my son's dorm at George Washington University and the National Mall, due to the 4th of July. I'd read about the Fairfax and obtained a great deal, so decided to head to Dupont Circle for a few days. We were treated like royalty the minute we walked in the door at the hotel. My luggage was delayed upon my arrival at DCA and when it finally arrived at 2:45 a.m., a sweet, older gentleman who works at the hotel delivered it to my room. Everyone at the front desk AND front door knew about my missing luggage and were so concerned for me. The room was absolutely beautiful and I've stayed at many nice places over the years. We loved the FREE bottled water in the room each day and the chocolate left by the bed each night at turndown. The bathroom was beautiful and I loved all the extra towels. The bath products were very nice. The bathroom had a scale, hairdryer, lighted make-up mirror and even a temperature control for the bathtub/shower We had room service for breakfast one morning and it was a beautiful presentation. Everyone from the doormen, housekeepers, front-desk staff, and restaurant staff were very gracious. The Metro is a block away and the RED line is great. There are some neat stores and restaurants in the area. My only regret was having to leave the hotel to move to a hotel closer to my son's dorm at GWU. We talked about wishing we could be back at the Fairfax the rest of our vacation!! 
167034071	 I stayed here for 6 months while working in DC. The hotel is an excellent business hotel and popular with diplomats who work in the area -- the hotel is located just next door to the Indonesian embassy. <br/><br/>I have rated this hotel 5 stars primarily because of its service. As someone who stays in hotels all the time (especially SPG ones), the one thing I get tired of the most is being treated as a commodity instead of an individual -- especially when I visit every week. The Fairfax staff was what made the difference for me, from the folks behind the front desk to the housekeeper who cleaned my room. I was really thankful they put the extra effort into taking care of me while I was away from home. In particular, Waqas was truly welcoming -- he knew my name by my second stay and never forgot it.<br/><br/>Other things great about this hotel:<br/>- Location: the property is conveniently located just a block or so from Dupont Circle. Not the best place for food (restaurants are only so-so nearby), but I would recommend Shop House, which is fast and delicious<br/>- Rooms: a tad ornate, but I like the bed a lot. TVs are also relatively new and very nice. <br/>- Size: this is a relatively small hotel, so you never have to wait too long to check-in or for the elevator<br/><br/><br/>Things that could be better (i.e. me nitpicking):<br/>- Bathroom amenities: smell a bit too medicinal for my taste<br/>- Gym: solid, but small and nothing to write home about 
166887496	 We just held our family gathering at the Fairfax on Embassy Row. It was our first stay at this property chosen because of its location and reputation. The hotel and staff lived up to their reputation and more, it was a great experience for our entire family.<br/><br/>Special mention for the extraordinary efforts of the Fairfax`s Front Desk Manager, Mr. Ertug Ersoy, and his wonderful staff, that went out of their way to accommodate our group and provide a level of service you would expect at a high end European luxury hotel including luxury linens that lull you to a deep sleep, fine appointments in the room and throughout the hotel, surprisingly great food at the restaurant and at lounge where you will find well priced appetizers to full meals. The Fairfax is our new destination hotel when in Washington. 
166784169	 Part of the Starwood collection, comfortable, well priced. The absolute best reason to choose the Fairfax is its terrific location. DuPont Circle, the Phillips Collection, Kramer Books, Blocks and blocks of stunning homes and Embassies from all over the world. It's close to the subway, and all the major sights. Oh, and a block away from great restaurants and bars. 
144427542	 I got there not knowing that my reservation was confirmed, the hotel manager didn't bother to tell me and gave me a room at a higher rate. Later he said, well you approved. <br/>This hotel has nothing to offer, no lobby, no internet, tiny rooms. that is it! 
144394923	 The Fairfax at Embassy Row was the perfect place from which to experience Washington DC. The hotel is a 5-minute walk from Dupont Circle with its Metro stop, restaurants and shopping, and only a block from the excellent Phillips Collection. Our room on the 4th floor was much larger than those in most big city hotels, and we had no problem with street noise. The staff was accommodating and well-informed. This will definitely be our go-to hotel on future visits to the District. 
144173046	 I was really surprised that this hotel was part of Starwood's luxury collection. It appears to be going for a charming colonial vibe, but it was just old.<br/><br/>Rooms:<br/>Because I checked out for a weekend trip, I ended up staying in two rooms here, one of which was an upgraded room. Both were terrible. They were very dark, the carpets were stained, the bed skirts were stained, and the furniture was tired. In the first room, my shower faucet was plastic, and there was little counter space despite a large bathroom. You can also hear everything that happens in the hallway and in your neighbors' rooms.<br/><br/>Service:<br/>With the exception of one very helpful concierge (thanks, Elizabeth), the service is what I would expect from a Holiday Inn, not a luxury collection hotel. They are all nice, but most of them don't know the answers to very basic questions (e.g., do you sell stamps? how long does it take to do laundry?) When I told the staff I was checking out for the weekend but would like to leave my luggage in storage, they assured me they would pre-check me into my new room, and the luggage would be waiting in there. Instead, they temporarily lost my luggage. That's fine if it's a holiday in, but not okay if it's supposed to be a luxury hotel.<br/><br/>Food:<br/>I ordered room service a few times. The order was never correct, but the food was excellent.<br/><br/>Location: Decent location, with lots of great restaurants nearby. It's a bit of a trek to good museums. <br/><br/>The ultimate test of a hotel is whether you choose to return. I've already booked elsewhere for my next stay in DC. 
143982572	 What a treat. We stayed in this elegant property over the weekend. Staff was top-notch (thank you, Mr. Gill). Hotel is clean, classy, quiet and well maintained. Very comfortable beds. A/C a little noisy though--but not a deal breaker. Lounge and restaurant beautiful. Fitness room OK. Bellmen and valets very helpful. Great, central location to hit all DC sites, plus American and Georgetown Universities. 
143834210	 While in DC, I stayed one night at the Fairfax and one night at the Omni Shoreham. Personally, I enjoyed the Fairfax much more than the Omni. Location was better. DuPont Circle is just a few blocks away and there are plenty of restaurants within walking distance. Also, if you do the double decker red bus tour, a drop off/pick up is within walking distance of the hotel. My room was smaller than the Omni, but much nicer and more modern. Staff was friendlier and more accommodating and, as a female traveling alone, I felt much safer. If I make it back to the area, I will definitely stay here again. 
143804316	 I am ending a 6-night stay at this hotel after a week full of industry conferences and business meetings. I was choosing between this hotel and the Embassy Row Hotel and decided on this hotel based on the mileage I would get as a Starwood member.<br/><br/>Overall, I cannot say I was disappointed, but I was not wowed by the hotel either. The general impression is that the staff at the hotel are more than competent and courteous, but at the end of the day even they could not overcome some of the more objective limitations of the property. First, the rooms are very small. They manage to fit in all of the amenities, but space on shelves and desks are very limited. Second, there is little in the way of amenities at the hotel -- such as a gym. Third, the lobby itself is tiny. For business meetings sometimes you want a nice lobby to be able to sit down and chat with people you are meeting. The lobby is comprised of nothing more than two chairs placed in two separate corners and a table.<br/><br/>On the plus side, the rooms had all of the required appointments, were clean. I did not have problems relating to noise from other rooms. One quirky feature -- the shower faucet has a speedometer-type analog display which shows you the exact temperature of the water! I also liked the fact that they provided a completely empty mini-fridge to store beverages. The best feature of this hotel is probably the location. Dupont Circle may not be a center of business, but it is reasonably located close to downtown, the monuments, Arlington, etc. such that it makes sense as a base for a week-long visit to DC.<br/><br/>On the minus side, the size of the rooms, the lack of amenities, the charge for wireless internet. The breakfast at 2100 Prime was mediocre. No egg station. Just hotel buffet scrambled eggs. 
205052406	 The attention provided by the staff at the hotel was exceptional, especially considering that my arrival time was 11:00 PM. The room was fantastic and the service given at breakfast was beyond description. The front desk was very helpful.Will stay there at every opportunity that I have to be in the Washington DC area. Highly recommend - definitely first class. 
205005381	 Elegant old fashioned hotel with small, but well appointed, rooms. The Embassy Row (Massachusetts Avenue) location is close to the Dupont Circle Metro station, a useful way to travel to Capitol Hill and downtown. For tourists, it may be the best way the see the Mall's attractions (Smithsonian, etc.). There are number of restaurants close by. The front desk and doormen were very friendly--something not always the case at luxury hotels. If you don't mind being further away from Capitol Hill than some hotels, this is a top choice. 
205004676	 This property certainly had the outward signals of an upscale hotel, with doormen and valets and dark wood interior. The initial experience was very pleasant. However, the room itself left a lot to be desired. The furniture was somewhat shabby, the carpet was dirty under the bed. The carpet had stains throughout (why install a beige carpet anyway?). The bathroom had a random board tacked to the front of the sink cabinet. Just shabby.<br/><br/>On the other hand, great mattress, great water, and fast elevators! Excellent location 1.5 blocks from Dupont Circle. Don't miss the statue of Gandhi across the street. 
204855118	 The Fairfax is only 2.5 blocks from the Dupont Circle Metro station, making getting to and from the hotel very easy. Situated on the western side of Dupont Circle, it is in the middle of the embassies on Massachusetts Ave. The staff were invariably extremely friendly and helpful, and frequently went well beyond the necessities. Check-in was very efficient and would have been very fast had we not taken advantage of the friendliness of the staffer to learn more about the hotel and the neighborhood and upcoming events in the area. The hotel is a converted apartment house, reputedly where Al Gore grew up, but the conversion has transformed it to a beautiful hotel with beautiful wood and antiques furnishings in the common areas. The rooms are about standard size, but comfortable and well-lighted. Internet access is fast and reliable. The bar is well stocked, although one bartender was less friendly than we would have preferred. The others were wonderful. The breakfast buffet is about the same as in other hotels, and there are multiple local options very nearby. Prices are reasonably good for the always expensive Washington DC. 
204817109	 I loved the way this hotel looked inside! It was very well decorated, and I felt like I was paying a lot more than I was. The rooms were small but nice. We had no problems with it, just the two of us. The showers were really great too! It is located in a pretty good area, and you are able to walk to a lot of food. We took a cab, because they were not too expensive, to most places. A lot of nicer, more hip places, are a short $5 cab ride a few blocks away. We drove our own car to all the Memorials; parking was expensive, but it usually is! 
204683711	 ı was there last weekend with my girl friend for a weekend get away ... usually ı dont leave comments about the hotels that i stay but this one was so unusual in a positive way so i decided to tell my comments ... front desk staff was so friendly , room service was excellent ... hope to stay again in my next visit to Washington DC ... lastly i want to thank to all the hotel staff for their hospitality ... 
161205248	 The rooms are almost as expensive as at deluxe hotels, but mine is tiny with no reading chair or couch. I read in bed or at the desk. <br/><br/>When I checked in, I was told that I was upgraded. That does not seem possible as there can't be a smaller room with a king sized bed. <br/><br/>On the positive side, the room is <br/>clean and the bed is comfortable. <br/><br/>Worst of all, the toilet has been running off and on very noisily for the past two days. I've asked twice to have it fixed to no avail. I guess I should have gone to the hardware store myself. <br/><br/>I would not stay here again. 
160839010	 Took my wife to spend the night near Dupont Circle at The Fairfax at Embassy Row...not disappointed! We were very warmly and courteously greeted, although we showed up a bit before the room was ready. Reception very expeditiously took care of our bags while we waited in the nearby bar. The Concierge saw to it that we were expertly accommodated for our evening meal at a nearby restaurant, and provided excellent suggestions for things to do and see in the vicinity. Unknown to us, we had arrived on a day when many of the embassies were having open house weekend...so, we were able to rub shoulders with other cultures. The room itself was clean and comfortable. Breakfast in the hotel was superb, whether ordering from the menu or taking advantage of the buffet. Valet parking overnight was rather steep--over $40, but the service was efficient and quick.<br/>We recommend this hotel highly. We enjoyed our time there, appreciated the attentiveness and kindness of the staff, the many things to see and do nearby. Yes, we will most likely return! 
160478282	 was recently here on business, and was very impressed with the friendliness of the staff, and the care and concern they showed to me and my foreign colleagues. Room was warm, spacious and comfortable, breakfast buffet more than adequate and the location right off Dupont Circle was convenient to everything, including metro, and many dining choices. Though there is no room to meet or congregate in the lobby, fortunately, the weather was co-operative. 
159911780	 We could not have been better situated for our DC needs. Dupont circle is 1.5 blocks away as is great dining and shopping (books!). We visited my son who is attending AU and this was a great jumping off point along the Red line. The hotel was friendly and welcoming. Lobby is small but that is DC. It is not a resort. Rooms are small, but well appointed and the bed was comfortable. linens lovely. They have small coffee maker and give no sugar or dried creamer which was disappointing - the first night. They have a small refrigerator so you can easily use that for milk, etc. We had some glitches with a noisy wedding and wifi charges for every device but the hotel comped us breakfast to make up for the inconveniences and even comped wifi. Service was exemplary! 
159905083	 I stay at this hotel annually for a professional association meeting &amp; always look forward to it. The property is historic &amp; grand, but has been tastefully updated with all the expected modern conveniences. The on-site restaurant, particularly the bar, is very convenient with good qualtiy fare. The service, especially at the Front Desk, is exceptional The hotel's location near DuPont Cirle is very convenient to restaurants, attractions, &amp; Metro. 
159774307	 Why oh why do hotels keep charging for wi fi in rooms? Especially when cheaper places tend to include as complimentary!<br/>Very helpful staff, good rooms but small details missing - ie had to call down for sugar sachets and could not work out how to start shower - was promised a call back on that one but someone turned up at door instead by which time was in the bath! 
217261284	 Booked this because the conference hotel (Hilton) was full. While a 15 minute walk to the conference, i looked forward to the outdoor time and easy walk. Nearby lots of conveniences and Metro made it easy to get anywhere in the city. No complaints except bed too comfortable and wanted to sleep more!. everyone made the stay great from the doorman to the bartender who had been there 25 years and had stories to tell!<br/>Prices varied a lot...booked part from travel service and 1 night i added on at twice the price of the other nights. I hate to find hotels that prices are discounted other places and I end up paying a premium. 
217175683	 Top stay in this great hotel. ....service was great..room was good clean and comfortable..could not have asked for more....will defiantly put this one on the favourite list and will recommend to family and friends 
217160318	 This is a nice classic hotel with excellent rooms, bedding, and decor. Most of the staff were extremely helpful. I am particularly grateful to a kind doorman who helped me with some complicated transportation. The buffet breakfast was excellent and the restaurant was quite nice and relaxing. I would definitely stay here again as I like the overall ambiance, location, and Starwood connection. I would mention that it is a downside of this hotel that they still charge $12.95 per day for wifi. I really don't expect to have to pay for that service anymore and definitely not that amount. Perhaps this should be a Starwood perk...it seems kind of like the checked bag airline fee to me---why not just establish a good overall price without knit-picking add-ons? 
216960446	 I am beyond angry and disappointed. This hotel broke the cardinal rule og hotels: it did not honor a reservation made in advance. Be warned: if you think you have a confirmed reservation, this hotel may not honor it. <br/><br/>After a horrible flight delay, I arrived at the Fairfax on Embassy Row earlier tonight to check in. I booked this stay at the Fairfax on June 25 and had a confirmation number. I specifically picked this Starwood property because I have a number of meetings all day tomorrow within walking distance of the hotel. Although I booked my stay more than a month ago, I was told that there were no rooms for me and was directed to another hotel in Southwest D.C. as my only option (I am at that hotel now and it is in the middle of nowhere). The receptionist at this SW hotel made clear that this is a regular occurence from the Fairfax. Although I am an SPG member (with Delta Platinum crossover rewards), I was told no rooms were available at the Fairfax despite my reservation made almost a month ago. However, a man checked in at the Fairfax after me and was given a room!!! <br/><br/>This is completely unacceptable and it has ruined my plans for this business trip. My schedule for tomorrow involves quick meetings in the area and returning to my hotel room to regroup and prepare for the next meeting. Now that is not possible as my hotel is miles away from where my meetings will take place. I have no idea what I am going to do now. I had hoped to go running early tomorrow in Rock Creek Park. Now that is not possible. <br/><br/>How is it possible that a hotel could overbook like this? I am a frequent business traveler and although I usually stay at Marriott properties, I was in the process of switching to Starwood after good experiences at Starwood properties recently in Phoenix and Kansas City. As a business traveler the most important expectation I have is that a room will be available after a long day of travel. How can I trust any Starwood property after this awful experience?!?! 
216711708	 The reasons that made us choose this hotel were the excellent price we found on Travelocity, together with its convenient location, near Dupont Circle. I guess that if you are a young person/couple, this hotel should not be your first choice. The decor and quietness of the place is clearly not for young tourists. That being said, the room was a nice size and very comfortable. The hotel ended up being a very good choice for us. 
216693293	 Great room, service and food. The hotel is beautiful, with a lot of attention to detail. The staff remembered us each and every time we were leaving for the day or arriving back to the hotel in the evening. The breakfast was outstanding, not your typical continental breakfast and lunch and/or dinner were tasty as well. Conveniently located near the metro station. 
115289648	 My family and I arrived at The Fairfax on July 8th to check-in. Upon checking in I was notified that the room I had booked thru one of the travel sites was not available even though my reservation was guaranteed. The management upgraded us to a suite at no additional charge and were extremely nice and accomodating. Eveyone from the valet attendant to the maids bent over backwards to make you feel at home and special. We had asked for a few additional towels in the room and within 10 minutes we had a huge stack of towels delivered to us...slightly more than a few!<br/><br/>It's the level of service you'd expect on Dupont Circle and they did not disappoint. I would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone.<br/><br/>Thank you for making our short stay in D.C. even more memorable and look forward to staying here again. 
115192870	 Stayed three nights in late April. Perfect location. <br/><br/>This hotel is a grand dame who is aging almost gracefully. Rooms had nice furniture but were smallish. Our room had a musty mildew order and the window did not open. The internet is not free and considering the price of the room that was annoying. Also they wanted two daily wifi charges for the two computers that we brought with us. When you are estimating your room charge make sure you add the 20 dollar a day internet to the 50 dollar overnight parking fee! Also the door to our room was hard to shut so that the lock clicked in. When we returned to our room the cleaning staff had not shut the door properly so the room was unlocked. Everything was fine but it was a little unsettling and the people at the desk did nothing to fix the problem with the door. They did say that they would speak with the housekeeper which didn't seem right tome as the problem was with thedoor not the housekeepers. <br/><br/>The Fairfax has some nice prints and art on the walls and sit is a very beautiful building. There are a couple of good places in the public spaces to sit and read or to have a drink. The Jockey Club was closed during our stay so I can't comment on the food. There are two sections of the hotel - an older original building and a extension that seems to have been added on at a later time. We stayed in a room in the addition. <br/><br/>Really nice doormen and bell staff! They are very knowledgeable about the area and eager to be helpful. Note: a little Amharic will be met with big smiles as most of the staff are Ethiopian. 
115103143	 We just spent four wonderful nights at the Fairfax. It was such an elegant and wonderful refuge after long hot days walking the iconic sites in DC. The staff was super friendly and always remembered and welcomed us during each of our many comings and goings. We loved the privacy and way the hotel had a small private entryway then opened into a beautiful old world bar/lounge on one side and restaurant on the other. Dark woods, rich wall coverings, classic door/wall moldings, oriental styled thick carpeting throughout and DC themed wall pictures and prints made it such a pleasant surrounding. I got a great deal over the 4th using your website as the lead but I had no idea how well this hotel was going to work for us. The rooms are well insulated and we never heard neighbors and the service always found the way not to disturb us yet keep our room neat and clean (we had three in a standard double room). The bathroom and shower- marble, tile, dark wood and glass were great. We paid $153/night and it was by far the best deal we had in DC. The location near Dupont Circle but a bit away from the commercial (one block) was perfect for us. 
115067209	 I have to very strongly advise against this hotel. I have been a Starwood customer for the past 10 years (Gold or Platinum) and travel reasonably frequently. This is by far the most disappointed I've been after a stay, *and* my rate was actually very good--I cannot imagine how upset I'd be if I'd paid anything approaching full price.<br/><br/>To be fair, the front desk staff was very friendly and professional, and the location is obviously terrific. But this is the most disappointing hotel stay I've had in quite some time. <br/><br/>First, the walls are quite thin. I realize that a hotel is to some extent stuck with the building they have, but at this level of hotel, I don't expect to hear the conversation in the next room. Second, the water pressure in our first room was *awful*. (And when I hear &quot;first room&quot;, I tend to think of folks who will never be happy anywhere. I can't recall ever asking for a room change before, and I stay in hotels at least a dozen times a year) Third, the A/C in both rooms was woefully inadequate. It's DC. It's July. This was bad. Fourth, a spider bit my girlfriend during the night our first evening there. Again, I certainly understand that a hotel in DC has certain realities that it has to deal with, but this is ostensibly a luxury hotel. Spider bites are not supposed to be part of the package. Finally, when we asked about the water &amp; A/C situation, we were told that someone would be up to fix it. When we returned to the hotel in the evening, nothing had been changed, and I had to call down again to investigate. At that point, they offered us a different (smaller) room, which we accepted (although it had the same poor A/C, it did have reasonable water pressure). <br/><br/>Taking all of the above together, again, I strongly recommend you find a different hotel. 
115027996	 Beautiful hotel, well located, nice neighborhood , Due to a booking mixup the room reserved was too small for the three of us and they upgraded us to a suite. Most amazing bed I've seen in a hotel. Staff are friendly enough. Lots of good restaurants around Dupont Circle. We never got to try the hotel restaurant, next time. Very important, day one ask where the subway is and use it. All sites look close on a map, however the blocks in Washington are huge and in the summer it's hot. 
115024311	 I've stayed here a few times, when it was a Westin and 3 times as the Fairfax. I think it was time for a major refurbishment, but the present day Westin decor didn't match the architecture and feeling of the property so they went for Luxury Collection. I think they get a C- all around.<br/>Staff at the door, when they are there are lackluster on a good day. The front desk is small with room for only two people at a time and I rarely get a real greeting, just the usual &quot;ID and credit card please&quot;. The property just loaded some nicer stuff in the bathrooms and cleaned the place up, but they ignore the aesthetic repairs in the rooms as in chipped doors and trim, etc. The rooms vary widely but are generally not that big and therefore do not lend themselves to a luxury feel. This just does not hit what you expect from luxury collection. The only thing going for it is the location. As long as you don't need to be in the middle of government center, you are a hop from Georgetown, Dupont circle, DCA and where ever else you want to go. Unless I get a great rate, it's not worth the price. 
150840661	 A few years ago I stayed at this hotel and it was a grand experience. The room was expansive, with a separate sitting area, and the bathroom was immense, with marble as far as the eye could see. I’m not sure why it took so long to return to it, and I probably should have taken that as a sign of some sort, as this time around the Fairfax was a bit of a disappointment. <br/><br/>The room was smaller than the sweet set-up I lucked out on last time, and slightly run down. There were stains in various areas, and a few scrapes and bruises on the furniture - but those are minor quips I can work with. There’s nothing wrong with a hotel room that’s been lived in – that’s their point. The problem was the plumbing.<br/><br/>Initially I was impressed to see a thermometer built into the shower handle, allowing users to see exactly what temperature their water was at (it’s something I’ve always wondered). I stepped in and was almost finished when the temperature started climbing. Uncomfortably so. Like, off the thermometer’s range. Now, I’ve worked with some testy showers before, so I stepped out and turned it way down, but nothing seemed to happen. The water was untouchably hot. I fiddled with it some more, eventually turning it off, and then on again, which finally brought the temperature down. Figuring it for a fluke, I didn’t think much about it, but on my way out for dinner I asked the front desk agent if they could check on it and give me a call if there was a problem. I left my cel phone number (I didn’t want to return late at night to find a shower I couldn’t use) then left and thought nothing more about it.<br/><br/>After a late dinner with friends, I got back to the room at about 1 AM and prepared for bed. This time when I tried the cold water in the sink, it came out hot. Then it turned scalding hot. I shut it off and turned the hot water on thinking somehow the pipes had been reversed. That was hot too. I tried the cold again, and it remained scalding. After a few minutes, the temperature was not cooling down. Having not received a phone call earlier, I had assumed everything was fine. It seemed nothing had been done, and worse, it was now the regular sink too. I’m pretty forgiving and adaptable – I can take it when the hot water runs out, hell, I’ve even taken a shower without an actual shower during a stay in the Philippines (I used a bucket), but one thing I can’t tolerate is when all the water in a bathroom comes out scalding hot and won’t cool down. That’s a safety issue. (At this point I was afraid to flush the toilet for fear that a fireball might shoot out of it.)<br/><br/>I went down to the front desk to explain the problem and find out if it had been worked on. The agent said that no one had left a note or anything. She was very nice and accommodating, and found me an available room right down the hall, and even though it was after one o’clock in the morning and I had to change rooms, I was grateful for her help and kindness. <br/><br/>The new room was slightly larger, though it too exhibited the wear and tear of a life well-lived, but as long as the shower didn’t leave me with first-degree burns I was happy. After hanging the ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign on the outside of the door, I climbed into bed to sleep in on a Saturday – after all the run-around it was now after 2 AM.<br/><br/>Helpful hint: a ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign on the door will not prevent the hotel from waking you with a phone call. If you’re trying to sleep in, take the phone off the hook. This was a welcome call though, and on the other end was a front desk agent apologizing for the events of the previous evening, and offering a complimentary breakfast or a few drinks at the hotel bar. Having had a drink at the bar the previous night, and putting up with an atrocious bartender who wouldn’t seek out Sweet vermouth for the drink I wanted, but managed to find some a minute later for the lady two seats down from me, I opted for the breakfast. (I was not the only patron who had a problem with the bartender – I left before the ladies on the other end of the bar finished yelling at him – he was that inept. In his defense, on the night that the hotel is hosting a wine festival, it might be wise to have more than one person behind the bar.)<br/><br/>While the plumbing problem was the larger issue, there were smaller ones that made this stay less than the wonderful experience I had on my first visit. Little things, like the stained upholstery and scratched chair handles, the turn-down service that was now, apparently, no longer in effect (I missed those little chocolates and the welcoming bathrobe laid out on the bed), and one of the two elevators being out of commission for the entire weekend, added up to a disappointing stay. Service-wise, with the exceptions of the agent who forgot to call me back or check on the water issue, and the bad bartender, the hotel employees were cordial and helpful, from the front desk agents to the smiling bellmen and the friendly housekeeping staff. They were all on their game, going out of their way to make-up for the problems, but it’s a difficult task when so much of the maintenance seems to have suffered. 
150601879	 I had a fantastic stay at The Fairfax at Embassy Row.<br/><br/>My check in was warm and inviting thanks to Ertug Ersoy and his staff.<br/><br/>I happened to get sick and they gracefully extended my stay at a discount rate I had secured, only after they sent up some ginger ale and asked if there was anything else I needed.<br/><br/>The hotel is a perfect location as well. While I didn't dine at the restaurant, it smelled great :). There are also lots of good eats around the hotel, and at least 3 charming bookstores a quick walk away. Being just a 5 minute walk from the Dupont Circle Metro is clutch from a convenience perspective.<br/><br/>The rooms are nice and classic, the bed is comfortable, the staff is warm and helpful. I can't recommend this place more highly! 
150273748	 Stayed here for inauguration. Close to DuPont Circle metro which was convenient. The staff in the restaurant were great. I noticed that the attentiveness was maintained in multiple shifts so someone is managing that well. My only compliant is that the bathroom floor in 212 was as cold as an icicle; I had to keep towels on tile to keep feet from going numb. 
150238625	 The hotel has the &quot;bones&quot; and the location to be top flight but the management falls far short. Very unfortunate. I stay at Starwood almost every week. I look forward to their Luxury Collection hotels which always offer a nice &quot;surprise&quot; as each is very unique. It is with that in mind we showed up here for a 5 night stay. 4 of the 5 nights we did not get turn down service even though as a Starwood Platinum guest I am entitled to such service (I would think everyone would get it but I leaned on our last night that is not so). Also, when the do they main cleaning they sometime &quot;forget&quot; to clean the coffee maker. Nor do they refresh the bathrooms items until you run out and have to call and request additional items. When the concierge made a reservation for us it never was confirmed by a return call or a writing. Numerous items in the room needed repair when we arrived and for 2 days we had to repeatedly call for maintenance - sometimes 2 times for the same item. Most of these items were brought to management's attention early on in our stay and despite their assurance they would take care of it, the level of service never improved. The main desk staff and lobby staff are very friendly and provide plenty of &quot;lip&quot; service but management must affirmatively step up their training and quality assurance protocols. This hotel is certainly not up to Starwood's standards and especially not up to the level of Luxury Collection. Hopefully someone will look into it and get it straightened out. 
149544264	 Disappointed again. Have not had a great stay here since it was Ritz-Carlton and Jockey Club. Improvement from a few years ago. Clean. Small rooms. Suite is very small and looks out on air shaft and dumpster. Bathroom a disaster. Too small to turn around. Mirror so low I get cut off without seeing my head. Makes shaving a guessing game. <br/>Front desk was a disaster. Could not find reservations with confirm Nos. Stubborn about helping. Took asking 4times to see a manager who then took over 20 minutes to get us in on a slow Saturday afternoon. Gave me upgrade that the reservation system had previously given me. WheniI asked manager for a business card the one I got had no name. <br/><br/>This was second less than great experience at this hotel. They wom't get chance #3. A few starpoints is not enough. 
149356532	 When we walked in the room, robes, slippers and chocolates were laid out. The room was extremely comfortable and clean. The staff friendly and helpful. The lobbies quaint and pretty. The concierge up to par. Al Gore and George grew up in this hotel before it was a hotel. Hillary Clinton announced her run for presidently here. Our room looked out into the Anderson House and was nestled among all of the embassies. Close to the Metro stop. A Starbucks around the corner. We could not have stayed at a more perfect hotel. I have stayed at The Williard and prefer the hospitality and cozyness of The Fairfax by far. 
128417948	 I was in Washington DC for business. This luxury property from the Starwood hotels groups was a great find. The location is fantastic with easy accessibility to public transportation and near Dupont Circle. As a solo female traveler I felt safe walking in this area in the evening. Many restaurants nearby also.<br/><br/>I was pleasantly surprised when I entered my room as I had not reserved a suite. It was huge with a sitting area in the bedroom and a separate living area. Classic and traditional furnishings. Perhaps I was upgraded due to my Starwoods Gold status and didn't realize it? Bathroom was well appointed with Remede products and thick bathrobes. Very comfortable bed and fluffy pillows. <br/><br/>I did not eat in the hotel with the exception of room service for breakfast. Promt and good. 
128402502	 The staff was warm and cordial. We were upgraded to a suite that was tasteful and well done. Great walking neighborhood with lots of character. Would definitely stay here again. 
128323292	 I was a little unsure about staying here after reading some Tripadvisor reviews but I have to say that there was nothing to be concerned about.<br/><br/>The service, from the doorman to the concierge, was very good. Always polite and helpful. One thing I would suggest is to get advice regarding eating out from the younger staff at the concierge. They had a much better idea of what we were looking for (low key &amp; inexpensive local eating establishments within walking distance) as opposed to a middle aged gentleman who suggested the J&amp;G steakhouse (preferably a metro ride away.. or a very long walk, at a cost of $$$$). We did, incidentally, eat there when we stayed at the W Hotel in town and it was very good but just not what we wanted that evening.<br/><br/>A good place for breakfast/lunch if you're not eating at the hotel (which we didn't) is Afterwords Cafe within Kramerbooks, Dupont Circle. Also try out Hank's Oyster Bar a couple of blocks away for dinner. Just taking a stroll down Q Street (from right outside the hotel) provides you with plenty of eateries with outdoor tables on a nice evening, packed with locals.<br/><br/>The location of the hotel is great for Dupont Circle and the metro which is a couple of minutes' walk away. We stayed in a superior King room which was very comfortable, large enough and not tired at all, as suggested in other reviews. It looks exactly as the photos on their website. We slept well and were not troubled by outside noise (we asked for a room away from the main road and as high up as possible). One thing I will warn you about though, is the paper thin walls! We heard absolutely everything (!) from next door.<br/><br/>Overall, a lovely stay in a convenient location. 
128199109	 We stayed here for four nights over Easter. took an upgraded to a suite. We put the kids in the living room , leaving the bedroom free! the room was very comfortable, and quiet (can't say the same about the kids) The Fairfax was really kid friendly, and the staff tremendous. We had the easter brunch and the food was just OK, however the friendly staff made up for the slightly disappointing entrees. Hotel is in a great location and the tube is really close. 
127719296	 The Fairfax at Embassy Row was perfect for our family of five. We were a bit nervous about the location, however this hotel turned out to be ideal. The staff was very accommodating and there were other families staying at the hotel. <br/><br/>The architecture of the buildings in and around the hotel, mostly embassy's, made the trip for is. This was our first trip to Washington DC and Dupont Circle is how we thought it would look.<br/><br/>It is a very safe area. The Metro station is just a short walk. Tip. Buy $20 worth of trips on the Metro card the first time you travel by train instead of buying tickets for every trip. <br/><br/>The local restaurants and nightlife are great and there is a 24 hour pharmacy just a short walk up the street. There are numerous places to get your clothing washed for less than the hotel might charge. Visit the &quot;Society for the Cincinnati&quot; museum just next door to the hotel if your a history buff. Donations accepted. It's one of the best kept secrets in Washington DC.<br/><br/>Try the hotel bar for a romantic interlude. The atmosphere is soothing and the service outstanding. My teenage children and wife spent many hours in the gym. 
127609040	 My family stayed here for one night coming home from another thanksgiving destination. The hotel is beautiful, classy, and well-maintained. The room was a decent size and had much old character, and had comfy beds. The bathroom had good amenities. However, since it is an old building, it doesn't have any soundproofing. We heard the people next door talking as clear as day (they weren't shouting) and heard every footstep they took. Relatively close to the metro (two blocks from DuPont Circle metro station?).Good view of Massachusetts Avenue. Very nice employees too. I would stay here again! 
61854195	 Older hotel in good condition but a bit pricey, even for the neighborhood, which is one of the best in DC. The room I had, a twin double, was tight for the two double beds but adequate. Others commented on the small bathrooms but mine was decent sized. They charge for internet but have two free computers in the business center. The 42 inch flat screen TV was great. The chief problem is that you pay for the service that you get from the doorman to the valet (constant tips) and when you leave, you are a little shocked at how expensive everything was. Terrific choice of restaurants nearby off DuPont Circle (one block) and the Metro. 
60593676	 This hotel costs more than $500 a night and they will not provide tickets to their guests to even the free sites in the area. I found this very upsetting. 
60584658	 The concierge had to check me in (don't know where the front desk staff were) and she got more than a bit snippy when I asked how many square feet a room was and what level in the hierarchy of rooms was a Deluxe Queen. &quot;Just tell me what you want and I will tell you,&quot; she said with great irritation. Well, I'd like you to know more about the roooms your hotel has to offier.<br/><br/>The room I finally got (#735) was indeed very gracious in size (don't ask me how many sf!) but the toilette flooded on first night. 
59771646	 Booked this hotel due to its proximity to metro and location at the embassy row. My experience with this hotel has been average at the best. The reception desk guy appeared blunt and unfriendly from the start and no concierge was there during our stay. I had to upgrade to a larger room as the one's booked via web turned out to be very small. Inspite of request we were given rooms facing building just few meters away. On some nights loud sounds ( probably some kind of construction from the adjacent building) would disturb the sleep. Not a good value for the price. 
59374397	 We stayed at this hotel after getting a great rate on travelzoo. Our room was beautiful and overlooked Embassy Row. It was nicely decorated with large windows and nice furnishings. The bathroom was a standard size, but I don't need a large bathroom. The front desk/lobby area was small, but it worked. It wasn't close to the capitol, but it was really close to the metro. The neighborhood was also quaint and had some gems nearby, including the Brickskeller Pub, which was right around the corner (within stumbling distance). Furthermore, the hotel has a happy hour for starwood members that blew us away - cheese and meat trays and free drinks. I will definitely stay here again, especially if I can get a good deal! 
59345994	 100% customer service, perfect location near metro restaurants etc, nice comfortable room. felt like a queen here. Really worth it 
147868244	 The Fairfax is one of DC's stately old hotel properties. From the moment I drove up, I felt welcome and cared about. The staff could not have been any more helpful and gracious. The room was large -- absolutely no complaints; quite the contrary, it was beautifully appointed, spotless and comfortable. Just a great stay. 
147512100	 We stayed at the Fairfax from Saturday December 08th for 3 nights, the hotel was superb, friendly and the rooms were excellent, I could not fault anything from the food to the staff who were all really helpful, we had got off a long flight and were allocated a quiet room away from the elevators, I would highly recommend this hotel and would stay here again. This was one block from a metro station as well so great for getting around an amazing city. 
147506214	 I have always enjoyed my stays here. The rooms are spacious and well appointed and the beds are exceedingly comfortable. Service is quick, I called the front desk with an issue I was having with my room and it was fixed within 15 minutes. It is one of the best kept secrets in DC and a superb value for the money, considering the location about a 7 minute walk from Dupont Circle metro. It has all the amenities of a Starwood LC property, and I was quite impressed. Interestingly, since it is located in the Embassy Row area of DC, the hotel television offers numerous international TV stations. 
147137502	 I suppose I've gotten used to hotels that are a bit edgier or more contemporary, because the The Fairfax felt a bit dated to me. I got a good rate on our room, and heard that other people had paid $500 a night, or double what we had, and was relieved that I had booked online, because I couldn't imagine spending $500 a night for a room like our first. Our first room looked out over an alleyway and directly into another person's room, and the rooms are heated and cooled with an HVAC unit that is in a closet in the room itself, which makes things a bit noisy. The bathroom was a comfortable size, and our second room was much better - we actually had two reservations, so for the last two nights, we got to look out over Massachusetts Street. The food we had at the bar was good, and the staff was friendly. I'd say that it was comfortable, clean, the beds were nice, but that I will probably try something a bit newer the next time I am back in DC, or at least insist on a room that faces Massachusetts Ave. My mother had a small suite on the 7th floor that was quite nice as well, but for an average person's budget, the standard rooms are nice, but again, stay where you can get some sunlight :) 
147043635	 Sept. 13-14 were work related, meetings on site booked by the host organization. Our workspace was well prepared, meals and light refreshment were delicious, and the service for both was smooth and gracious. My room was well appointed, and despite being in the heart of DC, the sound was sufficiently muffled to make the space feel quiet and restful. The front desk was helpful and efficient from arrival to departure, including arrangements for holding my bags when I arrived early Thursday for other meetings and left late Sunday to allow for our trek to the Church of the Presidents. The man who handled my luggage first day helped with &quot;odd jobs&quot; throughout my stay with a smile.<br/><br/>Then my husband arrived for our weekend adventure in DC. The billing transition for billing went smoothly.<br/><br/>The front desk staff and concierge Mr. Gill are gifted at finding ways to make the guests feel welcome and more. From suggestions for one of our favorite holiday occupations - long walks into the nooks and crannies of the locale - and meals, they were right on. When we would trudge back in from another jaunt, we were &quot;welcomed home&quot; charmingly, not obtrusively. A subtle difference, but one that is much appreciated.<br/><br/>Treat yourself if you can ... the staff of The Fairfax will add just the right sauce to your stay. 
146887299	 Thoroughly enjoyed my three night stay at the Fairfax on business. Not a single complaint, one the bets hotels in DC, on par with Sofitel. Location is close to Dupont Circle, my favourite DC area. Service was outstanding throughout. Painless check-in process, got upgraded to Suite as SPG Gold Member. Everyone was helpful, from front desk personnel to concierge and wait staff at breakfast. Rooms are tastefully decorated and have all the right amenities. I was glad that I could use Internet for free, as SPG Golod amenitiy, extremely critical of most of US hotels charging guests for Internet, not acceptable! Nice building too. Breakfast was quite expensive, ate there only once. Lounge is pretty good too for drinks. Finally, the value was also great, booked directly on SPG site, prepaid rate was quite good, 
194972831	 Great location in beautiful neighborhood and close to main attractions. Friendly service and wonderful accommodations! We tried the restaurant one night and were pleased to experience the light fare in a very nice atmosphere. 
194577963	 We just spent a long weekend at the Fairfax Embassy Row while my niece attended a conference. We arrived late in the evening due to several weather delays, and our luggage didn't make it. I have to comment on the many staff members who were so gracious and helpful in working through the lack of luggage. John, who checked us in was lovely. When our luggage had not arrived the by next day, Quatina continued to call the airline, and helped us with everything we needed to make our trip wonderful. She is truly a gem - a gracious and professional resource, but also a wonderful person. She offered suggestions, solutions, and kindness. You must visit the hotel bar, and Guillame !! He is the wonderful waiter who took care of us as though we were royalty. We ate several times at the bar because of Guillame and his welcoming personality. (And the food was delicious!) Every staff member at this hotel makes you feel like you are the most important guest. I cannot say enough about the impressive and consistent service level at the Fairfax. <br/>The hotel itself is old-world luxury, and is well appointed. Our room was excellent - great beds, great baths. The location is perfect - close to the Metro at Dupont Circle, and it was easy to get everywhere - either by Metro, taxi, or walking. We cannot wait to return in the fall to Washington, and look forward to returning to the Fairfax. 
194550064	 Dear Mr. Johnston &amp; Ms. Bryne or current GM team, Please excuse my tardiness but I keep thinking of doing this quick note and finally found time to put energies to ink and electrons! I wanted to personally send my thanks and a shout out to Mr. Peter Gill who was the concierge there when I've visited a few times in DC. He is a consummate professional who makes things happen with skill and grace. It doesn't seem like he is there he is so excellent but you always feel his presence anticipating and expecting your requests and making spot-on recommendations and ideas that always work. What's even more amazing that even the simple &amp; mundane things he seems to be at least two steps ahead of everyone else. I hope he hasn't been hired off by someone else because I truly appreciated his ability to make this place seem like home when indeed it was work related but it did almost feel like a home away from home. I recall rushing out to catch my cab to the airport and he brought my jacket. As the cab rushed away I relaxed and felt something hard on my jacket…I was curious why it felt out of place and reached inside the pocket to find a pleasant and appreciated little surprise…a chocolate bar with Peter's compliments for a safe journey. That class &amp; style is absolutely NOT found in many places and I have travelled worldwide in all sorts of places (many never as nice as the Fairfax but for sure some were at a least in ratings on the same caliber). It's in those small moments that you know the SMALL things really do matter and make a place such as yours a place to call a home away from home! Thank you, Peter, for your outstanding service and attitude to take Fairfax to another level! All the best for a great 2014:-) 
194452927	 We just spent 2 nights at the Fairfax Embassy Row as part of a weekend break in DC for President's Weekend. We would rate it 5 stars in all areas. We stayed as part of a Priceline purchase and we enjoyed it immensely. The location is perfect (2 blocks from DuPont Circle) and the room was excellent. Further, the food and drink were perfect. (We enjoyed 5 meals there in 2 days.)<br/><br/>But, the best part of the hotel is the staff - everyone there greeted us every time they saw us and they made us (my wife, young son and I) feel completely at home. We will be back and we will recommend the hotel to our friends/family. 
194404181	 I am a loyal SPG Platinum member that basically lives in hotels and it takes a lot to impress me these days! I had booked at a nearby property that was doing major renovations, and moved to the Fairfax unexpectedly. Everything was fantastic.... Quatina could not have been more wonderful upon check-in, friendly, helpful and sincere! I was upgraded to a stunning one bedroom suite, that I didn't want to leave! The room service was quick and delicious, everyone on staff was friendly and accommodating. Cookies in the lobby as an afternoon pick me up, and a cozy bar off the lobby for a night cap. I will not stay anywhere else in DC from now on! 
193474214	 I lived in and have travelled to DC for business over the past 25 years, staying in a number of places across the District. In my experience, there is no place with the location, safety, service and ambiance of The Fairfax. Although the hotel is big, it never feels crowded. Instead it is an intimate, luxurious place where the staff makes you feel special. They care for you in a quiet and professional manner. From the bellman at the front door, to the restaurant staff, to the front desk and room staff. It's five-star service without the price. The hotel has a long history, and since its renovation in 2006, it has all the amenities we need while maintaining Its classic decor. Altogether, there is no better hotel experience in DC. 
162268485	 The hotel is a period hotel, with relatively small rooms albeit well decorated. Its location is very good, for both sight seeing and business. I stayed in a Grand Deluxe Room - pretty but no desk to work at.<br/><br/>The breakfast was frankly poor - average quality and a buffet selection that would shame a mid-range hotel let alone a luxury hotel such as this. Staff were efficient, but aloof.<br/><br/>There are better hotels locally in this price range. 
162183792	 This is a lovely hotel is a great location near Dupont Circle, The Phillips Collection and the Metro Station. The rooms are lovely and the staff were attentive. We spent Memorial Day weekend 2013 at The Fairfax at Embassy Row and would definitely return. 
162141386	 I stayed here for a friend's bachelorette party. The staff was so friendly!! The location was amazing...right outside of Dupont Circle. On Sundays they have a wonderful outdoor market that was so fun to explore. It was accessible by the Metro which is the best way to get around DC. The rooms were luxurious and very clean. I would stay here again. 
162125653	 As part of a party of 9 staying at the hotel, I had an overall positive experience. I am a Starwood Platinum Preferred Guest and received a room on the top floor immediately upon check-in. My friends had a different experience. They were not able to check in to their rooms immediately (it was after 4 pm) and were given the run around. Two other guests had guaranteed late check-in, but when they arrived, exhausted at 1 am, they were told there were no rooms at the inn. <br/><br/>Given that 6 of us had previously checked in on the same reservation, I would have expected one of us to be told that our friends would not have rooms!<br/><br/>To the hotel's credit, they provided rooms at another hotel and transportation to it, but our friends were rightfully incensed at how poorly the situation was handled.<br/><br/>I found the hotel to be well located, clean and with good amenities (coffeemaker in the room, fantastic Remedie toiletries). The average room is fairly large by DC standards, and the beds very comfortable.<br/><br/>The food in the restaurant was very good.<br/><br/>Given the issue with the lack of rooms after confirmed (and reconfirmed at 2:00 pm that day) reservations with confirmed late check-in, however, I cannot recommend this hotel. Clearly The Fairfax needs to address their front desk problems, which seem to be a continuing issue based on other reviews on TripAdvisor. 
162017118	 To be a 5 star hotel I was expected much more.<br/>The checkin proccess was slow and we were able to check in only at 7pm. First the room was not available and they told us they were going to call us. No problem because it was not checkin time yet. At 330pm we went again and the lady at the front desk was rude enough to tell us that she is not doing the cleaning of the rooms so she doesnt know when the room was going to be available. We were never called back.<br/>The location is very good, close to dupont circle (a nice commercial area) and the metro station.<br/>In room service was very good, the menu and the quality of the food was very good.<br/>The room by itself doesnt have anything special. Clean and confortable.<br/>The hotel in general was nice but we had a bad experience at the beggining. 
161646043	 The staff and management of The Fairfax at Embassy Row were incredible. They worked hard to make our stay comfortable and relaxing. Wa Vas Khan could not have worked harder to help us and to ensure that a difficult situation was resolved in our favor and made sure we were well taken care. The rooms were lovely, clean, and comfortable. The food in the Fairfax Lounge was delicious. I would highly recommend this hotel. 
245238725	 Loved this hotel overall - amazing location right next to Red Line subway, food and shopping of Dupont Circle, Starbucks next door along with laundromats (highly recommend) and massage/nail parlours etc. Staff were all friendly and accommodating. Unlike other reviews, almost every time the the door staff opened the big doors with a smile and a &quot;welcome back&quot;. Warm cookies in the small foyer each late afternoon was a nice touch along with the antique mail chutes through the building. It is a truly charming location that gets you set for the charm and history of DC. I highly recommend - particularly if you get a good price like I did, just over $120 per night was excellent for this hotel. Only issues, shower pressure in our room was very low - we were on 8th floor so maybe that is the reason. You had to pay (a LOT) for wifi which is crazy in this day and age - then there is the &quot;Business Centre&quot;....$7 for 15 minutes computer use and then cost per page b/w printing...come on!! That is not &quot;Luxury Collection&quot; - otherwise - 5 stars from me! 
245102585	 Despite traveling to DC many, many times over the past 12 years, this was my first time staying at the Fairfax at Embassy Row. Location-wise, it is excellent. It is a short walk from the Dupont Circle Metro and close to a wide range of restaurants, bars and cafes. In fact, there are some excellent restaurants and two of the top bars for beer snobs within a 5-10 minute walk. The room was fine and the bathroom reasonably spacious. The desk staff were a bit hit and miss; sometimes they were extremely helpful, other times they seemed to forget that you asked anything. The hotel bar is pretty look at, but expensive and the one person tending the bar the evening I was there did not seem to know what they were doing. 
245061964	 I stayed here on business in DC (well, a weekend plus business) four nights. Given that it brands itself as a &quot;Luxury Collection&quot; hotel, I'd haver expected more.<br/><br/>Check-in was friendly and efficient - though I was given wrong information, which was annoying. I thought my whole stay was being billed to the company, and this was confirmed by the person who checked me in. Two days later, I got a folio in my email showing that day as my &quot;Departure Date&quot; and my credit card having been charged. It transpired that the company wasn't paying for my weekend after all - and that the hotel wasn't really expecting me to depart that day. This rather screwed up the tranquillity of my Sunday morning.<br/><br/>The hotel breakfast (cold buffet $18 plus tax plus tip) was quite unremarkable. Certainly no luxury on show; not the place you'd linger for a relaxed Sunday brunch. The service was unremarkable, too - perhaps little tip was expected.<br/><br/>My room was adequate but not large. Most things were in working order, but the fan/aircon unit was very noisy: too noisy to sleep with, but turning it off left the room rather cold. Indeed, it wasn't particularly cold weather (a little above freezing mostly) but my room was generally on the cold side. The bed was very comfortable. <br/><br/>WiFi was about £12 for 24 hours access - an excessive price in my opinion, but much cheaper than some upscale hotels. It worked ok, generally - though the speed was a little hit-and-miss.<br/><br/>The hotel had a small gym, with the standard cardio machines, a small multi-gym, and a small set of dumbells. I'd probably give it 7/10 for a hotel gym.<br/><br/>The bell staff were efficient and helpful - both with storing a bag on my check-out day, and with opening the door for me whenever I came and went - a nice touch!<br/><br/>The hotel is one block from Dupont Circle - with the metro, and a range of shops and coffee shops. There are a handful of bars and restaurants: you may have to go a little further for more choice, but there's probably plenty to choose from within a few blocks' radius.<br/><br/>Would I go back? I wouldn't mind - but I wouldn't rush there either. 
245003607	 I checked-in around 11pm on Thanksgiving (not my choice, surprisingly!) and was greeted by a very cheerful desk clerk who rapidly welcomed me and checked if I wanted a newspaper, what my Starwood reward points thing would be (breakfast, Wifi or late checkout, I think they offered) and quickly sent me up to my room.<br/><br/>The hotel is in a fantastic location adjacent to many embassies, round the corner from Starbucks, Le Pain Quotidien etc. and a few minutes walk from the Dupont Circle metro stop. There are also some very good restaurants in the area, which feels very much like a little neighbourhood community. There are also plenty of banks, which is certainly useful for frequent travellers experiencing the usual card blocks and so on. The building is old (for America!) and has a great deal of character -- ranging from the suction mail delivery tube network installed by the lobby, to the plaques confirming various diplomatic stays in the building. Nice light fittings and classic decor surround the rooms. However, I think the rear goods yard needs to be tidied up a little bit, as rear-facing rooms don't get the best view. <br/><br/>My room was clean, suitable and with a number of excellent features. The door had two different locks for security, there was A/C, a large bathroom with bath and plenty of amenities (they don't automatically replace these when used, but feel free to request and they will bring them up in a nice little basket), ranging from cotton buds to conditioner. There is also a hairdryer provided and a robe, slippers etc.<br/><br/>Wardrobe space was good, and the hotel kindly included an ironing board and iron in each room, which is a must for business travellers. There is also cabled and wireless internet (with fee, although some rooms can hook up to the hotel's free lobby wifi if you have a rear-facing room), telephone and charging station (USB plugs etc.). There's plenty of satellite television and an iPod dock/digital radio, which was very convenient for wakeup calls. <br/><br/>The bed was large, firm and comfortable, and daily changing of sheets is available on request to the housekeepers. There is also a sofa, armchair and coffee table in each room (at least, some rooms have additional furniture). <br/><br/>However, there were a few issues where the hotel lacks attention to detail. Firstly, the service by the front desk is very good -- I spent an hour or two chatting to the pair on duty one afternoon and was certainly appreciative of their time. But, the door staff seem never to open the door -- in which case, what is their actual job? If the hotel insists on having heavy, narrow doors, and people dressed in silly uniforms outside, could they please do their job and just open the doors? They managed this a single time in my four night stay. Also, the hotel is geared a little more towards the older, American traveller... the sort of guy who would buy an expensive car that looks like an Oldsmobile. The room's furniture is very big and clunky, perhaps too big for the room (the coffee table, which was numerously scratched, was constantly in the way when trying to get into bed), the armchair was also made from a harsh fabric and far too big (who needs a footrest these days anyway...). The chest of draws on which the TV sits on was also a bit trying. The flip-down panel where glasses and complimentary water is kept finally opened, but as it was broken (when you moved it, the screws came out) I had to call the porter to close it for me! Also, this is one of the few American hotels I've stayed in (at a 4/5 star) which doesn't have a permanently-stocked minibar.<br/><br/>Breakfast and room service (inc. $3.50 delivery charge and 18% gratuity) are also very expensive. The dining room is not open for dinner, only breakfast and certain lunches. Dinner is only served in the bar, which is usually empty and not the most inviting space (it's nice, clean etc. but no real focus point and not much to do -- although bear in mind I was there during Thanksgiving weekend). However, there is an ATM in the hotel and massages are available on request.<br/><br/>The front desk staff are very kind, considerate and helpful, however the hotel has recently 'merged' it's concierge position and so the print-outs from their Starwood directory (showing good restaurants in the area etc.) are a little out-of-date, as some of the venues have recently closed. The website is also very out of date (wrong email addressed and info etc.) and needs to be updated ASAP. That being said, the hotel more than made up for it by baking delicious raisin cookies every afternoon in the lobby! <br/><br/>Overall, I had a very nice trip. This is a great hotel -- very comfortable, clean and well-featured, and in a fantastic location. I've been back several times and have an upcoming trip booked again very soon. If you're looking for an authentic D.C. experience at a character-ful hotel, this is it. You won't be disappointed. 
244752859	 Veronica M<br/><br/>I was invited to a wedding held there last weekend. I would like to say I was thrilled upon receiving a warm welcome from the front desk once we arrived!! Everything was superb! The ambiance of the hotel and the hospitality of the front desk staff was more than overwhelming for me and my family to embrace. We were treated like royalty, which is rare at most hotels. This left an impeccable impression on us and we have already told a few friends that they have to check this hotel out. I will definitely be back here again. I can't say it enough to the front desk staff; My family thanks you, and I thank you for giving us an unforgettable weekend. 
244737694	 This hotel had all the elegance of a fine hotel in Europe including the excellently trained staff. The hotel is located in a prestigious neighborhood with beautiful views. The rooms are meticulously kept with high ceilings, crown molding, elegant furnishings such a mahogany tables, Queen Ann and Chippendale 18th Century furnishings, warm lighting, and beautiful bathrooms. My husband is from Europe and finds many American hotels lacking properly trained staff and service. He was delighted by the staff, the service in the dining room, the breakfast, and the exquisite tastefully designed and decorated hotel. The Christmas decorations, the tree, the center hall reminded him of Charles Ives. We had a wonderful experience and wished we had spent more time at this hotel. 
207279607	 We had a grand stay at this grand hotel. With the exception of some gauche, over the top Vegas palaces years ago, I have never stayed in a room so grandiose. Only 2 blocks to Dupont Circle, with its Metro, shopping, and great variety of restaurants, from inexpensive to high-end. Everything about this stay was perfect. Room was HUGE, immaculate, staff goes out of their way to be friendly and helpful, every amenity one could ask for. The neighborhood is idyllic- statue of Gandhi across the street, and 3 Starbucks within 4 blocks! My family of four stayed the Memorial Day weekend for a wedding, and everything was perfect The only thing I would do differently is get rid of the Lifefitness cardio equipment. I do not get why so many of the major chains use Lifefitness. Anyone involved in the exercise business knows there is much better equipment out there. We loved this hotel. 
207083425	 The service and attention to detail were outstanding. Well appointed, clean and handsomely decorated in a great DC location. Staff were friendly and very accommodating. I would recommend it for business or touring DC. A block away from the DuPont Circle Metro Station and fast cab service make it easy to get around without a car. 
206893329	 Stayed here on a business trip and the hotel was very nice. I had one of the smaller rooms but saw a few of the other rooms which were better on size. Hotel is located a short ride to the main attractions like the monuments and museums.<br/><br/>Ate several meals for breakfast lunch and dinner as well as snacks and the food was good. The staff was very nice and helpful during the entire stay. I stayed there for 4 days and three nights. 
206730886	 A lovely boutique hotel in the heart of the Embassy Area of Washington DC. Hotel Staff is friendly and accommodating and the bar and restaurant are great with dark wood and old Washington feel.<br/>Easy access to cabs and walking to many different attractions in the area. <br/>The rooms are clean big and with great amenities such as flat screens and great bath products. 
206390010	 We decided on The Fairfax after reading a tremendous amount of reviews here. We decided to travel during graduation weekend so most hotels near the mall were either booked or extremely expensive. We saw The Fairfax, read many reviews, and finally decided on it. Best plan ever. It truly made our stay that much better. The location cannot be beat- literally two blocks from the Metro and just a short cab ride from Logan Circle (another great area of restaurants and bars). The room was clean, spacious and quiet. The elevators were always available. We traveled to DC to celebrate my husbands birthday, and upon telling the front desk, we were immediately given two days of breakfast- which was amazing! I can not say enough about this hotel- everything from the breakfast service to the bar at the end of the night..everyone was so gracious and accommodating. Stay here, you will not be disappointed! 
206118844	 The Staff is very friendly and the hotel is well located on Embassy Row between the White House and Georgetown. Peter at the front desk made it a point to remember my name and make sure our stay was enjoyable. The room was a little small but clean and comfortable. 
123854282	 What a beautiful hotel!! We stayed here in Dec. 2011 while visiting family in DC. The hotel is elegant, the staff throughout the hotel helpful and friendly, and the breakfast buffet is excellent.<br/>The Phillips Art Collection is across the street and there are many wonderful restaurants and shops within a short walk of the hotel.<br/>We did have to wait for about 15 min. (at 1 AM) to check in, as there were a few people and only one hotel representative. Our initial room was a bit small, but as Starwood members we were given an upgrade to a much nicer room the next day. The beds were very comfortable, and the room quiet, until a noisy couple moved right next door to us. A sharp knock on the shared wall let them know that they were making a lot of noise for 3 AM.<br/>The Fairfax is pet friendly, and does not charge extra for a dog, so we brought our Chihuahua puppy with us. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would definitely recommend the Fairfax for anyone wishing elegant and comfortable accomodations in DC. 
123764707	 From the moment I arrived the staff and accommodations impressed me. Gorgeous room, great service, wonderful room service and attention to detail. I will definitely stay here again. 
123455687	 I stayed here in November while visiting my daughter. My room was small, but comfortable. I found the staff to be helpful and friendly, which is always comforting. The fitness center was well equipped and convenient to use. We enjoyed dinner in the restaurant one evening, and had a great bottle of wine that was recommended. The hotels location is ok, we were able to walk to restaurants. Parking is expensive, but we were able to find a spot to park in the street. I visit D.C. quite often, and this hotel is on my list of favorites. 
123262207	 This hotel is part of the luxury collection.... the lobby is lacking the element of luxury. The carpet in the lobby is nasty and dirty. If you are here for one night you might not want to stay again based on the lobby, but I was at this hotel for 9 nights and found the hotel to be very nice. I did have a few problems during my long stay and the manager did respond to my problems. <br/><br/>My room was large, SPG Plat. member and thus I was able to get an upgrade, and the room was comfortable. <br/><br/>As for the hotel restaurant, it is fantastic... they opened up for my group, on an evening they were closed, with short notice and provided excellent service. They are indeed examples of a luxury hotel. The food/service was excellent and I continue to receive positive feedback about the evening. <br/><br/>The front desk was not too friendly upon check in... they were a bit cold.... the gym is average, but ok. <br/><br/>I would consider staying here again as I do love the location and the large rooms. 
123162880	 I have stayed at the hotel a couple of times previously, but probably not within the last 2-3 years. We went to DC for the night to see a show at The Kennedy Center, and The Fairfax is centrally located in DC just off DuPont Circle. We rented a small suite. It had a sitting room with love seat, chair, desk, flat screen, and dresser. The love seat converted to a bed. The bedroom had a king bed and nice size bathroom with marble throughout. We enjoyed the room and the extra space. The room faced Massachusetts Ave, which was noisy until after 2 am. I would opt for a room facing a different direction next time as I would not consider the room very sound proof from the street. The hotel staff was very nice and helpful. The lobby check-in area is small and can quickly get crowded. The hotel is close to the Metro station a many restaurants. The Fairfax bar is nice with a clubby feel. My Starwood status was acknowledged at check-in. Note that the valet, which is all that is available, is $40 per night. This seems particularly high as I was just in LA at the SLS Hotel in Beverly Hills and it only charges $35. The hotel should knock the valet price down a bit. Overall this is a excellent choice for hotels in DC. 
123068905	 I booked this hotel on hotwire. It was billed as a 4.5 star hotel. It's not. Wi-fi should be free in a hotel of this calibre, and the desk was unusable. It was just inside the door, had no chair, and even if I had moved a chair to it....there were no electrical outlets there for me to plug in my pc. <br/>On at least two occasions I had to wait very long for my car from the valet. Staff was friendly, but I won't stay there again. 
142685467	 The Fairfax was an ideal location for a first-time visitor. Great restaurants are all off the Dupont Circle, the Philips museum is across the street and Georgetown is a lovely 1 mile walk away. The hotel staff were all very friendly and they accomodated my request for a quiet room at the end of the hallway. We were lucky enough to stay on a weekend and lucked out as the Dupont Circle farmer's market was on Sunday. Speaking from experience, this was one of the BEST farmer's market! I would definitely stay on another visit. 
142578810	 A lovely older hotel with a great history and fabulous location in DuPont Circle. Clubby bar, decent bathroom, and nice amenities. However, be sure to ask for a room on an upper floor. We were given a third floor room and had to endure yelling, clanging, and the like from about 8:00 pm till after 11pm, when we finally called the front desk to see what the construction noise was all about, and when it would end. The receptionist said that it was a neighboring museum installing a new show and that they &quot;always get complaints&quot; when that happens. She did offer a room on a higher floor, but before we could move, a hotel guard asked the moving crew to stop, which they did.<br/><br/>Two nights later, we felt as if we were part of the wedding reception going on in the ballroom. The noise level from the party was so high that we couldn't hear the tv and despite our original plan of having a quiet night in our room, we got dressed and went out, stopping at the front desk to find out what time the reception would end. We were told the booking went till midnight, but the night manager assured us that the party would end well before that. At 12:20 am, we called to find out when the music would end and the receptionist said she would call the night manager and ask him to look into it... While the music finally stopped about ten minutes later, our short-lived sleep was disrupted when the night manager called at 1 am to inquire about our call... Ugh.<br/><br/>To be fair, the hotel DID offer to move us on both occasions. But as both occurred after we had turned in for the night, it really wasn't a very convenient option either time. Why they located us on a lower floor when they knew of both the museum mounting and the wedding reception is a bit of a mystery, since the front desk assured us both times we called that there were Roos available on higher floors.<br/><br/>In the end, they comped our parking, which we appreciated, but the point was to have a quiet weekend away, not to go in search of a bargain hotel experience. 
142570249	 If you are looking for a luxurious (but not opulent) and centrally located Washington DC hotel that delivers some of the city's old charm the Fairfax is a great choice. Overall it hits many of the notes it should but falls short somewhat short of the five star experience its inclusion in the Luxury Collection advertises. More Below:<br/><br/>Location: Centrally located in DC's Dupont Circle neighborhood, the Fairfax is in one of the city's more vibrant neighborhoods and close to Georgetown and downtown. The property is 2 blocks from a red line Metro stop and about a 10 minute walk from a blue/orange line stop. Expect a 15 minute $20 taxi ride to DCA and maybe about the same to Union Station. <br/><br/>Dining and Amenities: We did not try the hotel's restaurant, 2100 Prime, but used room service a few times. The menu was lackluster and the actual food disappointing. Compared to downright magical experiences from other Starwood properties this aspect of the Fairfax misses the mark. We used the fitness and business center; both of which were modern and adequate.<br/><br/>Rooms: Our corner basic room was well appointed and sufficiently spacious. The bed was comfortable and the linens were a solid upgrade from typical four star fare. The room had a safe, luxury bath products and other features one would expect in this class. Furnishings were good quality and classic. <br/><br/>Service: A highlight. Every interaction during our five day stay was pleasant. Several staff members went above and beyond without being prompted. At times the front desk seemed swamped; maybe it was an off week or maybe they need more people?<br/><br/>Other: Wi-fi is strong but expensive at $12.95/day. It is free in the lobby but there really is not anywhere to sit to use it. On site valet parking is available. Don't book a room on the back side of the property thinking it will be quiet; my wife complained about noise from the alley even from our top floor room... Mass. Ave won't be much different. The concierge can direct you to restaurants with perks... if you like his choices.<br/><br/>Bottom Line: A former Ritz-Carlton, the Fairfax is a well-located, well-restored property that should appeal to a wide range of travelers. Those expecting (and willing to pay for) the latest in luxury appointments should probably look elsewhere. Still, this hotel compares favorably to properties like the Mayflower and the Jefferson in terms of overall value. 
142527885	 I travel to DC frequently and this is the second time stayed at the Fairfax. My room was clean, well-appointed and, importantly, quiet. The proximity to Dupont Circle, the Phillips Collection and walking distance to a number of attractions makes it a good base. Will stay again! 
142521254	 The hotel has old style charm in a excellent location. The staff is attentive and courteous. It is 2 short blocks to the DuPont Metro Station. There are many restaurants within walking distance. Our room was large, well furnished and very comfortable. The housekeeping was very good. The bartender in the lounge has been there over 20 years and gives perfect service. We particularly appreciated the services of the concierge. The restaurant used to be the Jockey Club but it is still serving excellent food and service. Overall we will definitely stay there on our next visit. 
142178469	 I travel to DC a lot and always stayed at the W Hotel. Given some mishap, I decided to change to another Starwood hotel. I had stayed at the Fairfax a few years ago, so tried it again. I was pleasantly surprised by the large room and comfortable bed. The location is excellent and service was friendly, but hopefully will become more attentive when I stay there more often. The bathroom was small but I think it really depends of each room as lay outs are different from one room to another. I will come back. 
195929754	 Older hotel but clean and a fantastic location! Five minutes to DuPont circle and the metro. Staff was very nice. Very close to good restaurants and bars. The windows were a bit drafty, but overall I would recommended and return 
195542796	 Stayed here on business. It is beginning to look a bit tired and could do with a bit of modernising. The Rooms were large though and clean. Liked the shower gel as it had those exfoliating beads in it. 
195495389	 The hotel is luxurious and definitely wins in history, ambience and location - 5 minutes to DuPont Circle shops and restaurants and is in the same block as the Starbucks. Staff were excellent - very friendly and are eager to help and offer advice and take good care of you. I would recommend this hotel, and I would definitely come back the next time I'm in DC. 
195440063	 Great location - old world charm but rooms need an overhaul. Windows are soo drafty it's crazy. Mold in bathrooms. Bed spreads are raggity. Staff is nice though. Carpets need changing. Gym needs updating. <br/> 
195387059	 We picked the Fairfax because it was right next door to the wedding location at Anderson House. It's a beautiful hotel. The wedding was at 6:00 pm check in was at 3:00pm and many of our guests rooms were not ready until 5:45---leaving little time to get ready. We had left welcome bags at the desk to be handed out and many did not get them. Several guests used AAA and were supposed to get a breakfast voucher which was not presented. The people at the front desk were unhelpful.<br/>I was very disappointed. 
195377729	 Beautiful and spacious room. Large bathroom. Excellent customer service. Fast and friendky room service. Conference rooms reminded me of Waldorf Austoria. Only complaint: internet service frequently dropped. 
86265509	 My mom and I stayed at the Fairfax for three nights. We got the room on Priceline for $150 and I think we had the same room as the other priceline reviewer below (king with pull out sofa). They got a better price than us though :) Anyway, we did not feel any less welcome due to our Priceline status!<br/><br/>The pullout sofa was comfortable, and the bed was so comfy. Service was excellent, the door people are so friendly. We asked a couple of times for extra coffee and it was delivered immediately and with a smile. The bathroom was very spacious, tons of counter space, free standing hairdrying (vs the hose attached to the wall!), excellent water pressure and hot water through two showers. <br/><br/>The location just could not be any better, Dupont Circle metro is right there, and it is right near tons of excellent restaurants, bars/clubs if you want nightlife, bookstores, shopping, (excellent consignment shop at Secondi!), Embassy Row. We didn't eat at the Jockey Cllub, but did have some drinks in the Farifax Lounge.<br/><br/>For the Priceline price this was an outstanding value and we really enjoyed it. 
86094230	 I stayed here while on a quick trip to apply for an India travel visa. The hotel is within walking distance of Embassy Row and I made multiple trips to the Travisa office without the need to drive. The hotel is beautifully decorated and the service was exceptional. <br/><br/>The hotel was nice, but a little pricey. With parking, I paid $295 for a one-night stay in a queen room that overlooked an alley and parking garage. 
85904653	 We stayed at the Fairfax which I booked through Priceline. We were in DC Oct. 30-31, 2010 for the Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear by Comedy Central. I felt lucky to get this hotel for $109 plus taxes and fees. The hotel is an older landmark hotel (I believe that it was formerly a Westin). The hotel is beautiful, very luxurious! We needed two beds, which they didn't have due to the busy weekend and Priceline doesn't guarantee the number of beds, but they gave us a wonderful room with a king bed and a large pull-out couch. The staff was very friendly and the location is perfect, just off Dupont Circle, close to local neighborhoods, shopping and restaurants. The mall and museums are still very close as well. I definitely recommend the Fairfax! 
85733623	 My boyfriend and I stayed at the Fairfax for a long weekend in October 2010. We were able to get a room for $125 on priceline which was a steal for this nice of a hotel. The staff – concierge especially – was extremely welcoming and friendly. They offered great advice on restaurants and directions. The location of Fairfax couldn't be any more perfect – close to the Dupont Metro and TONS of great restuarants and bars. If you're a beer lover, check out the Brickskeller around the corner! <br/>I would recommend this hotel to anyone! 
84720351	 Pricey, renovated landmark hotel, in great area. But as soon as I walked into the room, I was somewhat disappointed. Very nicely appointed room with comfortable bed, but not really up to four-star standard. Plus, we had trouble sleeping both nights of our stay, between noise from the other rooms, alley noise, and the fact that the 24 room service goes back and forth all night. Will recommend it, but you have to be a very heavy sleeper for it to be a positive experience. 
84269225	 The rooms are spacious and nicely furnished, the service is rapid and attentive, and the location i the best possible -- outside the main commercial areas, but still close to downtown. While it is expensive, the value delivered makes it worthwhile. 'The bar and the bar menu are quite good. Dinner in the Jockey Club is too pricey for the quality of the food. <br/><br/>Overall- a great choice for a place to stay, but dine elsewhere. 
46826160	 The hotel was nice 3 or 3 1/2 stars. But you could hear the tv and talking in the next room. Not loud talking just people using their normal voice. It's more of a business hotel than one for vacation. Rooms were nice but I can't get over the thin walls. 
46745959	 The staff went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable. The hotel is beautiful. The location is ideal for traveling around Washington DC. 
46572306	 We came here on Friday, October 9, 2009 for a three night stay. It has been nothing but a comedy of errors and poor customer service.<br/><br/>When &quot;security&quot; was roaming the halls with their Walkie-talkies on volume 10 at 7:15 AM and woke us up on our first day of vacation, I called to the front desk. They transferred me to the voicemail for the hotel's general manager. He never called back. <br/><br/>Then, 36 hours later, after leaving at 8:30 am and being out and about until 5:25 PM, we returned to a room that was not made up. I called over a porter in the hallway to bring his attention to this. All he said was that he was sorry but that they were &quot;going to get to it.&quot; We called the front desk and they transferred us to the voicemail for the same general manager who still hasn't called back. Then, there was a knock at the door. A woman identified herself as the maid. I asked her why our room was still unmade and she said, &quot;I've had a busy day. I had 15 rooms to clean.&quot; REALLY??!?!?!? Are you [--] kidding me???!? THIS IS YOUR JOB. The hotel (and our floor) isn't even full. How could you handle this if it were at capacity? <br/><br/>Bottom line: Excuses don't explain and explanations don't excuse. For a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel, go to any of the adjacent properties here-- the rooms are just a nice but the rates are 50% less and the service is better. The Hilton and Marriott are great. This place sucks.<br/><br/>BIG disappointment for us, as we were &quot;splurging&quot; for an extra nice &quot;luxury&quot; weekend. 
46571801	 How this is considered a luxury hotel is beyond me. The carpet in the room was stained. After being out of our room since 8:30am we returned at 5:30 and the room had not been made up. We called guest services who said they would send housekeeping now. However, as we wanted to rest and freshen up before heading out for the evening, that was not an option. The housekeeper's excuse was that she had 15 rooms to clean. Seriously?!? That is her job. The room was vacant for 9 hours. <br/><br/>This is by no means a luxury hotel. The staff is full of excuses, the rooms are filthy and for the price, I expect much better service. 
46483775	 We stayed here for four nights in October and were very happy. The location is great; close to restaurants, shops and Metro.The staff was very helpful and friendly.<br/><br/>The room, while small, had a large closet with plenty of hangers, a safe, large flat screen TV, one clock for each bedside table, and desk. It was very quiet and the drapes blocked out any outside light.The room and bathroom were immaculate. The bed was very comfortable with alot of pillows.The bathroom was well lit with alot of towels and nice toiletries. The turndown service was a nice plus: filled ice bucket, robe, bottled water and chocolate. The only odd thing was 1 robe and 1 bottle of water for 2 people. 
46314355	 We visited the Fairfax for 2 nights in September on a special promotion rate and found it to be an excellent hotel. Beautiful old world hotel up graded with french provencial furniture and large rooms. The staff was courteous and very pleasent. The area was great tclose walking to Georgetown as well as nice restaurants. We would stay there again. 
236780418	 It feels as though this historic Dupont Circle hotel is trading on its reputation and heritage, as it's drastically let down by highly variable room quality and poor front desk service - it doesn't live up to the usual quality of other Luxury Collection properties. <br/><br/>Upon arrival we had to wait 20 minutes to be checked in, with only one person manning the desk, and no apology for the delay and dispassionate &quot;thank you for your loyalty.&quot; Our room had a large, noisy electrical cabinet next to the bed, and our next option was a smaller room two doors down from the gym and next to the preferred smoking point of limo drivers arriving at the hotel. <br/><br/>To cap it all off, the hotel laundry service ruined a sweater - and I was greeted by a sceptical and very limited apology from the manager, and told that they had to &quot;investigate&quot; with their partner before doing anything further. In the end this was not resolved before our departure, and frankly fell far below our expectations for how such an incident should be handled.<br/><br/>To the hotel's credit, the bell staff were very good - with particular credit to Wandi for his cheerful assistance. 
236018651	 I've stayed at the Fairfax for many business trips to DC and always chose them over the Westin and other local hotels because of the great service, they seriously treat you like family. It's in a great location in DuPont circle with tons of restaurants in walking distance. I would recommend to anyone staying in DC! 
235889121	 The Fairfax is unbelievably located around the corner from Dupont Circle (great bagel breakfast place, drugstore, shopping) and The Phillips Collection (art museum), it is clean, beautiful, reasonably priced (except in the dining room which is pretty standard for hotels and why we had breakfast around the corner) and so great I can't wait to go back again! 
235781060	 This hotel is first rate with lovely, traditional Georgian room style. It has a history in the Washington D. C. area dating back to the 1920s. It is obviously updated to current standards with comfortable, lush bedding and large marble bathrooms. We enjoyed that there was great seating in our room including two chairs and a love seat. <br/>The staff is excellent from the door man to the desk people. There is always a &quot;welcome back.&quot; At the front door there is very adequate drive-up space for picking up and dropping off. This is a big help on a busy street. Valet parking is available. It's a good location, not too far from Georgetown or a metro stop. 
235778665	 We stayed at Fairfax hotel with my family for the wedding.Our wedding was next door at Anderson house.We have the rooms for my family and we called for few questions before we arrived to the hotel.Directions,restaurants around etc.. Front Desk Manager Julie was very helpful on the phone and also when i informed her that we are coming 4 people she upgrade us to a larger room.Check in was efficient,door staff,housekeeping staff and room service staff was very helpful.<br/>It is very close to dupont circle and white house is only few minutes by car.<br/><br/>We had a great wedding party and we loved this property.<br/><br/>Our next visit to DC will be at the Fairfax definitely.<br/>Thank you all 
235555518	 I stayed here years ago when it was the Ritz Carlton. It is still as charming and the service was impeccable. The location can not be beat! I will definitely make the Fairfax Embassy Row my first choice when in DC. 
187122389	 The staff at Fairfax Embassy Row were warm, inviting and exceptionally attentive and helpful throughout our 4 day visit. The Bell Men, Front Desk, Concierge, Food Service and Maid Staff performed their duties flawlessly, always with a smile and even knew our names as if we had been long time customers. A particular standout performer was Mr. Wondi who was always available day or night to hail us a cab, give directions or coordinate hotel services for us... and most importantly greet our 2 year old daughter every day with a warm cookie and a smile. Cab fares to Union Square ~$15; George Town ~$8; DCA ~$18; WH and National Mall ~15 minute walk. Thank you all for a wonderful experience. 
187077144	 First of all, I'd like to acknowledge the front office manager Ertug's amazing customer services and his empathetic manner in dealing with us (so rare these days). I am a SPG platinum member and was upgraded to a suite. However, the suite turned out to be less than ideal, the bathroom plug didn't work, several light bulbs were busted and so on. I complained to Ertug, expecting not getting anywhere... Instead, he was so apologetic and offered to switch us to a different suite (FANTASTIC one, too) right away. By the way, the other front office agent, Roy, was very helpful and sympathetic, too.<br/><br/>These days, it's so hard to find good customer services and merchants/service staff who is empathetic(or at least tried to)... I really appreciate that. Good customer services make all the difference in the world to me, even if some of the rooms were not perfect... I would recommend this hotel, because in general, the rooms are beautiful (we had 4 separate rooms in total), the breakfast buffet is decent, but most importantly, great customer services and hotel staff who cares!! 
186871094	 We had family getting together from several states. The hotel has a wonderful lobby level area where you can just sit if you want, with comfortable couches, tables with booths, fireplace and service if you want it. It has a bar but there is no pressure to order anything. To our delight we discovered that you could order dinner there in the evening. It was great food and we had a wonderful area for visiting while we ate. We liked it so much that we ate there two nights. Guillame was our outstanding waiter and I may have misspelled his name. He was fun to be around and very accommodating.<br/><br/>Great hotel in the Embassy Row/Dupont Circle area. 
186791094	 Overall - The perfect place for me to stay in DC. <br/><br/>Location: The Fairfax is situated in a great location. One block from the Dupont Circle and blocks from numerous great restaurants, nail salons, spas, YMCA, metro station, and a CVS. Everything I need in 5 minutes or less :-) Also a great run route up to the Naval Observatory.<br/><br/>Rooms: Every room is unique. Decor is classic with pictures of DC landmarks. My rooms have always been very clean and room service staff are friendly and willing to assist.<br/><br/>Service: The service is impeccable. Everyone is really nice and offer to assist you. If you have any issue ask for Katie, she will take care of you. If you need any local recommendations, ask for Peter. He will make the best recommendations. 
186436821	 Elegant decor, friendly professional staff, a block from the wonderful Phillips Collection (Renoir's Luncheon of the Boating Party), walking distance to many good restaurants. Great walking neighborhood. Very reasonable rates. 
186426821	 The Fairfax is a beautiful hotel located in the heart of the Embassy District. The service we received was by far the best we have ever experienced. We especially enjoyed our interaction with Ms. Rosser at the front desk, she made our short visit extra special. 
70440887	 I stayed at the Fairfax Embassy Row on a day when their computer system had crashed. When I arrived in the early afternoon, the staff at the front desk explained the situation and took all of my check-in information. Since they didn't have rooms available yet, they took my bag so I could go out for the afternoon. When I came back later in the day, there was a bit of a wait, but the same staff members were again very apologetic and had a room with a king-sized bed ready for me. <br/><br/>The decor felt a bit dated to me and wasn't my style, but overall the room was very comfortable, with an iPod dock, several lamps, a big closet, a flat-screen TV, and a large bathroom with very good toiletries. My biggest complaint is that the pillows were awful--it felt like sleeping on piles of cotton balls! I also wish some of the outlets were more conveniently located.<br/><br/>The hotel is very close to the Dupont Circle metro station, and the nearby neighborhood is filled with plenty of shops and restaurants. I walked about 20 minutes over to Logan Square for the evening, and while friends gave me a ride back, the neighborhood was very well-lit and I would have felt safe walking at night.<br/><br/>Overall, the staff was excellent and made my stay a good one, even though I wasn't at the hotel much. They managed to rise above a very stressful situation with their computer system crash and still offer the best service that they possibly could. Throughout my stay, I don't think I ever passed a staff member who didn't say hello to me or hold a door for me. I'd definitely stay here again. 
68779454	 We stayed here for one night, two days whilst passing through Washington. We decided to treat ourself, as normally we would be in a 3* hotel, and were left a little disappointed by the experience. <br/>The staff on reception were abrupt, and it felt that us checking in was an inconvenience to them. They had no time for any conversation, no map of the local area, no hints and tips to the neighbourhood, no personality or warmth.<br/>Despite there being 3 of us stood in reception, and the booking clearly saying &quot;2 double beds&quot; we were shown to a room with only one bed, and then had to return to reception to again be made to feel like an inconvenience, and then move ourselves from one room to another.<br/>Valet parking came in at $42.56 (£30), not the $30 advertised on hotels.com - I appreciate (now) that the official website states $38 - but I did not check this prior to departing assuming the correct information was displayed on the website I made the booking with. <br/>The door staff had no knowledge of the area, unable to assist us in finding our way to the tourist attractions and sights, other than getting our car back out of the garage.<br/>Unfortunately the hotel is no where near the main sightseeing locations - my fault for not researching this first.<br/>On the plus side the hotel is located a short walking distance from Dupont Circle, and is therefore surrounded by some good restaurants.<br/>The room we were finally given was clean, spacious, with a nice bathroom and good facilities.<br/>All in all I was left wondering what this hotel offered that a 3* didn't, and what it had done to get the extra 1.5 stars. <br/>I was left feeling I was simply was too middle class for the staff's liking - perhaps upper class folk receive preferential treatment - all in all I certainly wouldn't recommend this hotel - instead treat yourself to a 3 star. 
67833864	 For the price, it was a nice hotel. Amentities need to be improved and the staff needs to act more like the 5 star surrounding that they are in, less like a Sheraton staffed by high school kids. 
67245118	 A beautiful hotel in one of the loveliest/most interesting part of DC: embassies, restaurants, phillips collection nearby. Beds still heavenly from Westin past. Fitness center adequate. Business center fine. Lobby/reception rooms slightly faded but still grand. Major service lacunae (bell boys are exceptions) at the front desk: inefficient, very poorly trained, socially unequipped to deal gracefully with lines of complaining clients (e.g., my room was not cleaned, my room is not ready). 
66370704	 Checked into hotel w/ Starpic rate (i.e. low $) but I'm a Platinum SPG so I thought I would get an ok room. However the room I was given had no work area, no radio/IPod doc/. Room was on low floor and it was a connecting room so you could hear the guests next door. The AC did not work properly, the sink did not drain well...the overall quality of the room was poor. I was told that there were no other rooms available for upgrade but the hotel had plenty of inventory on-line.<br/><br/>I was upgraded to another room the following day and it faced the main street so it was noisy. Toiletries were half used and/or empty...Had I paid the rack rate, I would have been extremely disappointed.<br/><br/>As it was being a loyal Platinum SPG memeber did not count for much...<br/><br/>The W and St. Regis are much better hotel choices in DC and they provide top notch service to loyal SPG members. The Fairfax does not quality as a luxury collection hotel and even if you get a good deal, it is not worth it.<br/><br/>The only thing going for it is the location near DuPont Circle. 
66261917	 We stayed here for a nice Memorial Day weekend (4 days, 3 nights). Alyssa at the front desk was especially helpful and very nice. We paid for a standard room; however, got bumped up to a 7th floor suite with a window that had a view of the monument at a distance. While waiting for the room, they offered us complementary drinks in the lounge. This made the trip already special!<br/>I had ordered chocolate covered strawberries w/ champagne as a surprise and they had it ready for for us when we first walked into the room. The rooms were very clean and it had 2 flat screen TV's in the main room and in the bedroom (separate A/C controls) where it had the king sized bed. The bathroom was large and the water was nice and hot! Comfortable robes were also furnished for us and towels were abundant. I also utilized their complimentary shoe shine service - I was surprised how quick they were!<br/>The hotel is located very close to the metro and is blocks away from Dupont Circle where you can find many stores and restaurants.<br/>We would definitely stay there again in a heartbeat. 
116137113	 I love the location of this hotel. It's near Dupont Circle with easy access to the subway. The bed was really comfortable. It was a nice place to come back to after a full day of sightseeing. The staff was very helpful, especially the lady at the concierge desk. The front desk staff handled a disgruntled customer in front of me who ranted and raved for about 10 minutes. The lady at the front desk kept her cool the whole time. Loved our stay. Would definitely consider returning the next time I am in DC. 
116055065	 This hotel is in an excellent location just off Dupont Circle, where the metro is a very short walk away making central DC easily accessible for $2.50! The hotel is, like most of the SPG small luxury hotels, extremely well managed with polite efficient staff and a clean tidy interior. The room was stylish and nicely appointed, although there was a very unpleasant stain (blood? coffee?) on the bed skirt that should have been noticed and removed by housekeeping, but other than that it was fine. Nice marble bathroom. No view at the back of the house (733), but downstairs a good clubby bar (no children TY), and a smart restaurant. Situated on Massachussetts NW its the perfect hotel if you are visiting any of the Embassies as most of them reside on the same street. The surrounding area is clean and slightly quaint with many of those little clapboard houses on the streets adjoining Massachussetts with its impressive array of Art Nouveau architecture. There is a nice array of coffee shops, lunch venues, small supermarket, dozens of dry cleaners and nail bars, and a few jazz and beer bars. Again, really an ideal location on lots of different levels: i.e. along with DC being 10mins away, historic George Town is a short taxi ride and definitely worth a visit. The only negatives are there was no water in the room which I think every room should provide either free or at a charge out rate (preferably the former), and SPG are still charging a daily internet fee of $9.00+tax which is annoying as this should be included in the room rate. Also, for the unwary there is a daily car parking fee was $42+tax. 
115936677	 My husband and I stayed here because we were going to a concert and did not want to have to drive home. Valet, front desk, and bellmen were great. Experience trying to get a burger in the bar area could have been better. We got a great deal on hotwire. 
115932866	 The staff was very accomodating and the room was very spacious and clean. 
115820484	 On my last trip to Washington D.C. I stayed at the Fairfax at Embassy Row for 5 nights and although it is a very nice and historic hotel there are a few details that everybody should look before coming here. <br/>Check in- Check out. <br/>Both of them were fast and the service at the small Front Desk is very good. I asked for an upgrade and for 50 USD they gave me a room a bit larger than a standard and a better view. Because it was too small, we were 3, we asked for a larger suite and the offered us, I believe it was the Fairfax Suite and we took it which was 150 USD plus per night and because we got a great Hotwire rate we took it. <br/>I give a 4.8 out of 5 points<br/><br/>Room<br/>The suite was located on the 7th floor offering a very nice view of the Washington Memorial. The suite is a large standard room with a living room. In both, the room and the living room there was a sofa bed plus the King-size bed. There were also 2 tvs one in each room. <br/>Because this hotel is a Luxury Collection I expected some perks for the suites but nothing.<br/>The only 2 small details in the suite where:<br/>1. The bathroom was way too small. The standard room bathroom was the same or larger than this. <br/>2. The living room has two entries for the AC. One is controlled by the AC panel located in the main room but the other one was located in another room which was occupied and it was always turned on and we even called the engineer but he said that he couldn't do anything. The big problem is that my father got a flu and it got worst because of the AC.<br/>I give a 4.3 out of 5.<br/><br/>Location<br/>The hotel is located on the Embassy Row-Dupont Circle which is supposed to be a gay village but I did not see many of them. The whole neighborhood is very safe. There is a Starbucks just around the corner and a CVS pharmacy about 2-3 blocks away. The subway station is 2 blocks away and can take you practically anywhere. Although I would have prefer to stay in a hotel right at the National Mall the location of the Fairfax is very nice.<br/>I give a 4.6<br/><br/>Service<br/>The service is great, I did not had any problem with anyone. From the porter to the Front Desk people to the Housekeeping, they were all great. And I need to mention that the Concierge was absolutely helpful and mad my trip even better. The only person that I didn't quite liked was the waiter at the Restaurant who kept lying about where he was and I just didn't liked him at all.<br/>I give a 4.9<br/><br/>Restaurant<br/>The restaurant-Jockey Club is a very nice historic restaurant. The food is very good and the service, apart from the other guy, is terrific. But in my opinion the restaurant was a bit overpriced but everything was very good.<br/>I give a 4.8<br/><br/>Amenities. <br/>The hotel offers a small Fitness Center which is very convenient to anyone that wants to do the basics. The business center is also great because they offer computers with free internet so you can save the 10 USD per day. If you want to use your computer but not pay for the internet there you can go to the lobby in which there is free wi-fi.<br/>I give a 4.5<br/><br/>Overall<br/>So this hotel in total cost me about 320 USD per night for a nice suite although I expected more. All the hotel is very nice but in my opinion is a bit old and not enough Luxury as the hotel should be. I feel that paying more than 250 USD for a normal room here is not the best idea. I do recommend this hotel for solo travelers, businessman or even couples but not for families. 
115366492	 We stay in 4 star hotels all the time and this place is up to par. Don't understand bad review of july 5. Our water preassure and air are fine. And I hot flash on a regular basis. To be fair, it unusually cool outside too. 80 degrees. Yes, the service is great, feels close to four seasons. I have had much worse hotels at 4 star level, including one in honalulu that was an spg prop. 2 miles from national mall, so metro works. Great neighborhood, beautifully gardened, landscaped. <br/>We're happy with our last minute hotwire purchase. ;) 
247115289	 We had a bumpy start to our stay... We got put into a room which was nice enough but had a cupboard that sounded like it was housing a jet plane right next to the bed... We went out for a few hours to see if it was just temporary noise... It was not. In any case, the staff were really good and moved us to a different, albeit much smaller, room on another floor. <br/><br/>The location was good, heaps of restaurants, pharmacies and stores around. We could walk to the White House area in about 10-15 minutes. A subway station was a couple of minutes walk.<br/><br/>Internet was not provided. Having to purchase it for the room was a bit annoying, you kind of come to expect at least a basic internet connection these days. They did have a good system in their business centre which allows you complimentary printing of boarding passes and train tickets.<br/><br/> 
247085552	 Have stayed at this property before which is why we returned. I found the room nice but not quite up to usual standards. There was a stain on the carpet in the bedroom, the flip to the light switch in the bathroom looked dirty, the light was out in the entry way and the tv picture did not come on. We called about that, and the problem was rectified immediately. That said I would still definitely return. The beds are comfortable. The location is quiet. The customer service is exemplary. The staff is super friendly, and the location is great: not far at all from the Dupont Circle Metro. Most importantly, when I return from a day trip, it feels like I'm returning home! 
246750987	 Great service. Excellent location, just 5 min away from metro. Really enjoyed my stay until a family moved into next room. With their rowdy kids, we realized the room is not adequately soundproofed. Probably due to its age. Overall, still a great stay. 
246749447	 This is an older, beautiful but well maintained classic hotel. The rooms are spacious and the service is warm and gracious. The location is also ideal; you are 5 minutes walk to the Dupont Circle Metro stop, 10 minutes walk to the K Street business district, and P Street is around the corner with restaurants, bars, a liquor store and a Starbucks. We stay here every year for the Holidays and I was very touched when the manger sent up cookies and milk for my children one afternoon. 
246702167	 We would give this retro 1930's hotel a perfect rating if only the WiFi were free. The dining room cooks fabulous Eggs Benedict for breakfast and the bar an amazing pizza prepared on site.<br/><br/>Our room was lovely...actually two rooms with a bedroom and separate sitting room. Both were amazingly clean and had great lighting which a a bonus even in the most luxurious hotels. <br/><br/>The hotel is close to the metro but taxi service is great in DC. The doorman rounded up our taxi immediately.<br/><br/>Best of all the staff is most friendly and accomodating at all times! 
246600231	 We checked in last night with ease after flying into Washington National Airport. The staff could not have been nicer. They gave us hints for sightseeing, recommended places to eat, and every time we came or left they greeted us with smiles. A special &quot;shout out&quot; to our top three so far...<br/><br/>Andrijana Jovanov, Sonnelle and Tsegie...<br/><br/>They went above and beyond to make our visit truly wonderful. And, we still have 3 more days!!! 
188294215	 The long weekend stay at The Fairfax started out great with the friendly staff at the front door and front desk. Our king bed room was very nicely appointed with flat screen tv, coffee maker, comf bed and plush down pillows. We reserved a rate that included free valet parking, saving us $40 per day with in-out priveleges too. The location was fabulous only 1 block from Dupont Circle and the Metro stop. There was a huge selection of restaurants within a 10 minute walk, and a Starbucks only 1 minute walk. I would highly recommend this hotel to any of my friends. 
188289094	 The Dupont Metro is literally a 3 minute walk from the hotel. For those of you who don't know, the metro is where you can get the rail to pretty much anywhere in D.C. very quickly. 14 dollars will get you a 1 day pass--I recommend this if you'll be sightseeing all day. But the problem is that even if you get a good deal for a room, you will stay have to pay 40 dollars for overnight valet!!! So I recommend staying at a hotel just outside of D.C. where you can still catch the metro but not pay this outrageous parking fee. Everyone at this hotel is friendly but it's nothing special. The included breakfast was decent but I recommend just getting something at any of the local cafes within walking distance...to include good ol' Starbucks. I had to ask about my free internet as a Gold level member...I shouldn't have to ask. I also had to go back and ask for my free breakfast coupon that was part of my room...again, shouldn't have to ask. Elevators were pretty fast. 
188284856	 This hotel is on Embassy Row, just a few blocks walking from Dupont Circle. It is an excellent choice for its comfort, location and staff. My wife and I enjoyed a relaxing post-Thanksgiving weekend here (the crowd was all ages), and I highly recommend the hotel.<br/><br/>The Fairfax is an old classic hotel, with Starwood touches. The building is handsome and the door/lobby staff are warm and welcoming. The lobby is too small -- a common theme in DC hotels -- and the only place with free wifi. There is a second, charming lobby with staircase that unfortunately is not put to much use. We didn't eat at the restaurant, but the bar has food and is very cozy (nice fireplace).<br/><br/>The room was very small but very comfortable with ultra-comfortable Starwood bed. There was plenty of closet space, and the bathroom was spacious and comfortable enough.<br/><br/>The location is tops. The neighborhood is posh and cozy, but has character. Embassy Row (Massachusetts) is quiet, just blocks from restaurants, bars and cafes (P St. and Connecticut). There is an inviting Sunday farmers market down the street. The Metro is easily accessible. Parking was pricey, so we parked at a garage Friday/Saturday and found street parking Saturday night/Sunday.<br/><br/>The Fairfax is a great choice for Dupont Circle. 
188235263	 Just finished a 5 night stay, excellent staff (especially Mr Johnson!).<br/><br/>For anyone looking to stay in the Dupont Circle area, highly recommended, easy to access Metro and everything DC has to offer.<br/><br/>Hotel is very quiet, caters mostly to business visitors but for a family holiday it worked out perfect. 
187978531	 This is an excellent hotel with exceptional service. It is in a great location within walking distance of Dupont Circle, the Naval Observatory, National Cathedral, metro station, etc. Very quiet. Enjoyed the bar, the food, the room, and the exercise facilities. I cannot recommend highly enough. 
187224660	 Checked into the hotel on dec 6, 2013 . Being before check in time , room was not ready but the very kind lady at the front desk Quatina Rosser , made sure that we got the room at the appointed hour . All the praise i can give her will not be enough for her welcoming attitude , and a personal touch which is normally lacking in people of her position .<br/>In short , Fairfax hotel is a great place to stay in whenever visiting DC . 
191205894	 I have been there two times now once alone and once with family. I was amazed that the agent julie remember who I was. She didn't have the name off the top of her head but knew the face and remebered my last trip in. It made me feel special and not just her but all the other staff too were really nice. I went to the resturant both times and see they changed the menus but for the better I think. Reasonable prices as well. Try one of the signature drinks. Really good and only found at starwood luxury hotels i'm told. The hotel has history and as some people might find it smaller and old-fashioned it has high end tvs and ihomes for guests to use. Being built in the mid 20's they have it looking great! Also Great by the way cause my daughter left her charger at home for her i4 and we were able to charge it in the rooms. Wonderful location. You can get on the metro 2 blocks away. Resturants all over if you choose to go out! Will plan on staying agian whenever in dc! 
190604362	 I recently completed a two night stay at The Fairfax on a great AAA Hot Deal rate that included deluxe (buffet) breakfast. <br/><br/>As a Starwood Preferred Guest platinum member, I was also upgraded to a top floor deluxe suite located at the end of a hallway. The hotel was renovated in 2008 and the furnishing certainly reflect that: clean and well-maintained. Also, the hotel provides Remede products in the bathroom, my personal favorite. The very comfortable bedding, combined with the quiet room location provided two great nights of sleep. However, the room location did create some minor inconveniences: (1) the water temperature in the shower occasionally needed 3-4 minutes to warm up and (2) the wireless connection in the room was spotty/dropped out in some corners of the suite.<br/><br/>Breakfast served in the Capitol Room offered a standard, if not inspired, selection of food (hot dishes, cereals, fruits/yogurts, and pastries). The servers made it a point to remember guests' seating preferences and drink choices at breakfast, a nice touch!<br/><br/>Perhaps the best feature of the Fairfax is its easily accessible to most of what Washington DC has to offer. Being in Dupont Circle, the hotel is two blocks away from a Metro station and a brisk 20 minute/1 mile walk to the National Mall and Georgetown. Moreover, Dupont Circle is a vibrant neighborhood with a variety of dining, drinking, and shopping options.<br/><br/>Overall, the Fairfax is a solid option when visiting Washington D.C. and would be my first choice whenever I return. 
190282218	 This is a great hotel. We visited just after New Years with our kids 7 &amp; 3 and everyone at the hotel was so nice to them! From a warm welcome to bringing milk and cookies in the afternoon as a courtesy, the staff exceeded our expectations. This is a great hotel for families, especially with the suite options. It is also a great hotel for business travel as it is classy, refined, thoughtful and in a great location. 
190147174	 Oh the weather outside was frightful, but inside the hotel was so delightful. And since we had no place to go (after dinner), we said: Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!! Our room was spacious and comfy, and the amenities were to our liking. From valet to concierge our welcome was most inviting. The location was perfect for our needs and and ideal for a holiday setting. We will stay here again, when this lovely hotel offers promotions. 
190097971	 My wife and I stayed here for two nights during an autumn trip to the east coast. The hotel is located very conveniently in Dupont Circle, within walking distance to many sites and very close to a subway stop. It's an old-school hotel with a lot of class and charm. It's not as polished and ritzy as some of the fancier hotels in town but it is a good value for the price.<br/><br/>Our room was small but quite nice. The bed was very comfortable and we had everything we needed. Our one complaint concerned the water temperature in the shower: It took about five minutes of running until the water was warm enough. We called the front desk to ask to have it fixed and she called maintenance, but the problem persisted throughout our stay.<br/><br/>Other than that, our experience was great. We'd consider staying here again. 
190059626	 We had booked the Fairmont for 2 nights to be near points of interests for sightseing and near Georgetown for a University visit. The Fairmont is a very classic hotel in style, the room had a good size that we had no problema to fit with our family of 4 and our 9 pieces of luggage coming already from a long trip. We had a Deluxe room with 2 Queen beds, very comfortable. The bathroom was splitted in 2 rooms what was practical. We paid 394 $ the 4 of us for 2 nights, but no breakfast included, what was 26 $ per person, also the Valet parking over night was 40$, kind of expensive what added up considerably to the total of the 2 nights.<br/>The breakfast was of very good quality, we appreciated very much the fresh cut fruit selection of pinapple, melón and a mix of berries, in addition was a healthy choice of different nuts,cranberries, raisins and oats. I also loved the fresh croissants.<br/>At the check in we were already offered a late check out what was very nice since our flight home was not til the evening.<br/>Since we had 2 university visits planned, the hotel was in walking distance of George Washington University and a good 15 minutes walk to Georgtown what is a very cute neighborhood with nice shops and restaurants.<br/>We coud also walk to a metro station to take the metro the the National Mall for sight seing. 
230513840	 Not a &quot;luxury collection&quot; property based upon my travel experience. Very little dining and bar hours, and no sitting area on the entrance level for guests to linger. Most luxury hotels have all of the above. My check-in was not a good first impression, the desk clerk was either inexperienced or just not guest friendly. However, the next shift of front desk staff on the weekend were top rate, friendly and well informed. 
230482610	 Historic property just outside of Dupont circle so convenient to dining, shopping and transportation. The staff was delightful and the rooms and property were in great condition. My sleep at night was a bit fractured by noise outside (sirens), neighbors (slamming doors) and a leaky toilet that ran on the hour. When I went to checkout, the computer was down and the staff promised to email me my statement (still waiting). So overall, a really nice property but needs just a little attention to be truly top notch. 
230414125	 First time staying at the Fairfax as well as a Luxury Collection hotel. The lobby was very small but nicely decorated and the wood panels give the hotel a classy feel. Compared to other luxury hotels in DC, Fairfax has neither the posh deign nor too many (oftentimes useless) facilities. It has two restaurants, one for breakfast buffet and one for lunch and dinner and bar, no pools, some meeting rooms, and a helpful concierge - exactly what business and leisure travelers need. The nicely furbished, Georgian-style room really felt comfortable and just like being at home. There are in fact plenty of in-room amenities. Ordered room service - it was punctual, food was extremely good and came in a big portion. The Capitol Room is where breakfast buffet is served. There are quiet a few options for meat and dessert and drinks with superb quality. The hotel is on Embassy Row so most of the embassies are within short walking distance as well as the Phillips Collection, a famous private art gallery in DC. The metro is 5 minutes' away if you continue walking on Mass. and take a left turn. Very convenient location and quiet, too. Good for a morning jog or stroll around the area - it really has an old world feel. One last thing, the hotel is moderately priced for a four-star, old luxury hotel. If downtown's too expensive for your budget - look at the Fairfax for sure, it's always 20-30% cheaper than most business hotels downtown and what you pay is totally worth it at the Fairfax. 
229671388	 This was my first visit to the Fairfax on Embassy Row, although I've stayed in Dupont Circle a couple of times before. <br/>There was a bit of a queue to check in - there was a big group here for a conference and most didn't speak English well, so dealing with them took time. Once checked in, the room was comfortable, especially the bed! Room service was good, but a bit expensive, and the room facilities were good. I especially liked the multiple-docking charging port which allowed my phone, tablet and laptop to charge at the same time.<br/>Service was good, and the toiletries were generous (and smelt lovely!). 
229380975	 This place is kind of old school elegant -- but mostly that just means lots of wood paneling and extremely helpful, friendly staff. There is not posh lobby nor lavish tiled gym. <br/><br/>It is a great location for a wedding party --- tons of restaurants nearby. For healthy people, easy walk to Dupont Circle or Georgetown($7 cab ride). But honestly, it's just kind of boring, expensive and it's true --- lots of hidden charges. If you want to skip the $40 a day parking fee, just over toward Dupont, there is a cheaper lot but you can only go in after 5.p.m. 
228769459	 I loved the Embassy Row hotel at Dupont Circle in Washington, DC.<br/><br/>However, I was annoyed to discover I had a $9.95 daily service charge. <br/><br/>There was no mention of this when I made the reservation.<br/><br/>Hidden charges make customers unhappy, we feel duped. <br/><br/>Customers have the right to know the price of what we buy, when we buy it, not later. 
134319317	 Expert guidance by the very professional concierge Peter Gill added tremendous value to our recent stay at this wonderful hotel. He recommended several nearby attractions, minimizing travel time but maximizing the enjoyment of our visit on a steamy humid weekend visit to the capital city. He also quickly supplied a recommendation and made reservations on short notice for dinner and a wonderful neighborhood restaurant. This hotel was recently refurbished and we enjoyed the makeover. 
134118260	 The site of the hotel shows exactly what it's. Very convenient located one block from Dupont Circle. Comfortables and very clean room. Staff very kind. 
134049440	 I attended a conference here in June 2012 and also stayed as a guest. I must say, for the price of room, Internet should be a free amenity. I work for a telecommunications company and can say with relative certainty that it does NOT cost 12.95/day for a hotel to provide Internet. I didn't have to pay for it, as it was a business trip, but I find it cheap that this wasn't offered free of charge. Very disappointing.<br/><br/>There were some stains on the carpet, but nothing major. Linens were nice and the size of the bathroom was excellent. Food at the restaurant wasn't great. I lived in the area for two years and have had better the cheap restaurants in Dupont. The staff was excellent and courteous.<br/><br/>This isn't a place I'd pick on my own for leisure travel, but suffices for business travel. 
133885750	 We really enjoyed a recent one night stay at the Fairfax at Embassy Row and plan to make it our go to place in Washington DC. The room was really spacious with lots of space to hang clothes and unpack etc. I especially liked the bathroom (one of my hotel pet peeves) which was spacious and modern with marble tiles and lots and lots of towels. The room was very comfortable. Even though we were only there for one night (picking up our daughter at a DC university) the staff went out of their way to make sure that our needs were met and to inquire if they could help in any way. The doorman was especially friendly and helpful as was the concierge. The hotel is in a great neighborhood near Dupont Circle. And what made it even better is that the rate was so reasonable, and I got it on the hotel web site which matched all of the internet sites. I definitely recommend this property for other picky travellers who like luxury, great service, a clean room, comfy bed and a reasonable price tag!! 
133837724	 Stayed here for 6 days and 5 nights on vacation. Hotel was very convenient with restaurants on Connecticut and P Streets. The Dupont Circle metro station was about a block and a half walk. Even was able to walk to the White House, and National Mall for the fireworks on the 4th. Could not have asked for a more convenient location. The staff was fantastic. Anytime I asked the consierge, Elizabeth, for anything, she was prompt and courteous. The housekeeping staff were respectful of our desire to sleep in and never disturbed us. Every time they brought ice, they were very polite. They never made us feel like any request we made was an imposition for them. The only negative was that the room was small, but it was spotless and we didn't go to D.C. to spend time in the room, so it didn't matter to us that the room was small. 
133802574	 I was very impressed by the professional and friendly staff at the Fairfax. All had pride in their roles and were knowledgeable, especially the Concierge staff. The Hotel has a stately charm about it - so don't expect a modern flashy hotel but a classic charm in very good condition.<br/><br/>It is close by the Metro and DuPont circle food areas making it very convenient, only a few hundred metres - short walk. 
202842873	 I stayed here for 4 nights for work and I really enjoyed my stay. From the free cookie as I returned to my hotel in the evening to the spacious room. The bar downstairs is nice too, although when it's busy you may end up waiting a while to get served. Would love to stay here again next week but it's full! 
202816406	 We stayed 4 days over Easter. Hotel location is great and we good a very good deal by booking some time in advance. Check-in was quick and friendly and room are very nice - quite big and very elegant and clean. Only negative mark was the pull-out sofa (we were 5 people), which was not great. Nice bar and good, reasonably prized breakfast buffet - really nice and attentive waiters. Will definitely stay here next time we are in DC. 
202578963	 We really enjoyed our stay at the Fairfax embassy row! We booked this hotel for a really good deal over the weekend. We used to live in DC and DuPont circle is a great base for not only exploring the tourist areas but our favorite residential neighborhoods within walking distance.<br/>The hotel is very close to the metro and there is also a city bike location. Bike downhill to the whitehouse!<br/>The hotel itself is old but well taken care of. Little musty when we first walked in but aired out really quick. Bed was so comfortable with high quality linens. The bath towels were hands down the best hotel towels ever... Turkish! I was so so about the toiletries.<br/>The staff was great. I'd highly recommend the hotel especially if you get the same great deal we did on Hotwire.<br/>Free water bottles every time we came back after maid service. How often do you see that at a Starwood property!! 
202491948	 The hotel staff is amazing. The bell men are excellent and make you feel welcomed. The entrance is grand and old fashioned. Our room was large and had a beautiful view of the embassy row. It is an old hotel, so rooms vary in size. House keeping is excellent. Great location in DC for Georgetown and feeling more at home then a tourist. Room service was excellent and so was drycleaning. The breakfast was good and the restaurant was elegant and old fashioned. Felt right at home and can not wait to return! 
202471045	 This hotel is in an amazing location. A nice walk to the National mall and monuments. A beautiful stroll down Mass. Ave to see all the embassies and across the street from Dupont circle where there are delicious restaurants. Luckily it is tucked away from the noise of Dupont circle so we slept peacefully. The only negative is the spotty wifi which we were not charged for because we are SPG gold members but it would constantly go in and out of service which meant downloading movies and documents very difficult. 
202401660	 We had 4 rooms for multiple nights when the family converged for a college graduation and a bit of sightseeing. The hotel exudes style and comfort. The rooms were all very different but equally comfortable. We requested quiet rooms and one of the first rooms was a great room except it was next door (separated only be a thin wall) to a meeting room. They quickly accommodated our request to move. Sadly we ended up with a view of the AC's. The other rooms were all good though. Our bill took some effort to work out and since we owed them money you would think they would have reacted faster! It is in a wonderful area with restaurants and shopping nearby and many opportunities to exercise outdoors. WE had evening drinks in the very busy bar which was fine, not great but fine. Overall it was a good experience, nothing exceptional, nothing terrible. 
222944630	 The Fairfax is a hidden jewel with so much elegance. Rooms, staff, and location were all excellent. Beds and rooms were comfortable. Staff was pleasant and very accomodating. We also attended an event here, which we cannot say enough about. Food and service at the event was top shelf. The ballroom was so elegant and stately. The location of this hotel is close to the Dupont Metro (3 blocks), with a variety of restaurants and stores within easy walking distance. Overall, this is a hotel that I would return to and recommend hands down. 
222744351	 I don't typically write reviews, but our stay at the Fairfax warrants some praise. Having flown from Los Angeles and Washington DC, the first thing on your mind is getting to the hotel to shower and decompress. We arrived at the Fairfax to find they were completely full, however, without any hesitation or a word from us, they began making arrangements at a nearby hotel. While completely underwhelmed by the alternative hotel, I was still reeling from the great customer service. The next day we checked into the Fairfax for the weekend and the stay was amazing. Outside of the beautiful hotel, the area is so convenient and accessible. Being a creature of habit, from henceforward, I will always stay at the Fairfax for both business and pleasure. 
222637613	 We stayed at the fairfax for 5 nights and each of them were perfect. Attentive and helpful front desk staff. Super clean and our room was bright and large. We had our bikes with us, and the location worked out perfectly for cycling to all the monuments, the Zoo and to the museums. The bike path was about a 5 minute ride from the hotel. <br/>My only criticism of the hotel was that the front door staff (bellmen), were sometimes busy on their electronic devises,(cell phones) and it takes away from the ambiance and service expected at such a lovely hotel. 
222510758	 I stayed at the Fairfax while in Washington, D.C. to take my daughter to college; our family stayed there for two nights. When I walked into the lobby, I was delighted with the elegance and stateliness of this property. I could practically see images of ladies in ballgowns and gentlemen in topcoats and bowlers. Our room was lovely, as well, with everything from umbrellas and bathrobes to a device for cooling wine and a complimentary copy of the Washington Post. Also, the concierge provided us with recommendations -- and directions -- for dinner, which was a first for me. (Incidentally, we took him up on his suggestion, and it was an excellent one!) I highly recommend this beautiful and luxurious hotel, and look forward to staying here again. 
222490843	 My husband and I traveled to DC for a fraternity and sorority gathering. The service far exceeded our every expectation. We will be back in DC in 4 years and I am already planning to stay at this fabulous hotel! The room and view was amazing. I truly felt like I was home! 
222448003	 We were very surprised to find this gem. From the time we checked in at the front desk we were greeted by professional service orientated employees. John at the front desk eas very knowledgeable booked us on a tour of Washington that was great. Hotel was very clean and rooms had a lot of ammenities not found in newer Hotels. The doormen were there to greet is upon our return to the Hotel and were very eager to be of assistance. The location was great close to Metro and within walking distance to many great restaurants in Du Pont Circle. Would highly reccomend this fine hotel. 
157721280	 Outstanding customer service. The management is fantastic. They accommodated every request, even rushing out food from the packed restaurant bc we were late for a show. Beautiful suite overlooking embassy row. A little out of the way, and not near the metro, bu overall a great hotel. 
157625944	 You never quite know what you're going to get from the Starwood branded hotels. I stayed here, solo, while visitng Washington DC<br/><br/>I don't think this hotel as a lounge for gold/platinum guests (I'm Platnium). I wasn't offering anything at check-in and there was nothing listed in the hotel directory. I don't know if I recieved a room upgrade or not, as Peter didn't mention it, like other SPG properties. There was no complimentary water in the room, <br/><br/>The workout club was great. I didn't expect it to be as spacious as it was for a building of it's age.<br/><br/>The rooms are nice (I like the shower and bathroom amenities) and are sized approiately for a building of it's age. Everything was in working order, which I really appreciated. The iPod Stereo was extremely helpful as I forget my iPhone charger. I really liked the Pacific Coast down comforter.<br/><br/>Peter, the Conceirge, was helpful and efficient.<br/><br/>I walked away from this place with an average feeling and I'm not sure why. May be because there was nothing over the top. 
157451205	 During our stay at the Fairfax, everything was wonderful. At times I use a wheelchair and the ADA room we had was spacious and easy to navigate. The staff we interacted with were, to a person, helpful, friendly, and always pleasant. I can't think of a single negative thing to say. I've stayed in numerous hotels in and around DuPont Circle and this was far and away the best. I know I will return every time I need to be in that area. 
157262536	 Friendly staff and clean, quiet, rooms made our 4 day stay very pleasant. Everything is walking distance: CVS, restaurants, Starbucks, Metro, Georgetown. The WiFi in the room is expensive but in the lobby it is free. So it is at Starbucks 50 meters from the hotel.<br/>The Philips collection (worth visiting) is at 200 m from the hotel. 
157192300	 While our daughter and son-in-law were checking in, my husband and I went to speak with Peter re sight-seeing. He was very informative and also gave us a tour of hotel with lots of background info. Very comfortable smaller hotel -- great food in dining room. Also had drinks and lunch in bar area. Great location - three blocks to metro. Definitely coming back. 
157084609	 CONS:<br/>dated furniture (cabinet in bathroom had a lot of nicks)<br/>small rooms and bathrooms with zero counter space<br/>room by elevator can hum loudly <br/>hear this dripping noises from the AC unit (and blew loudly and right over the bed)<br/>lamp didn't work<br/>mirror light in bathroom didn't work<br/>Digital TV didn't always work<br/>EXPENSIVE (and not very good) drinks in the lounge (2 drinks will run you $25+)<br/><br/>PROS:<br/>They opened the door 95% percent of the time I entered or left<br/>Housekeeping organized my toiletries<br/>Dupont Circle is a great area to stay<br/>Comfy bed<br/><br/>A man at the lounge told us the place has really &quot;let itself go&quot; and that The Fairfax used to be a hotspot destination back in the day. While I thought the staff was nice, they didn't seem very luxury in their presentation/communication.<br/><br/>It's wasn't horrible and it didn't ruin my time in DC. It was fine, but for the price, I'd look for something else. 
148928108	 We arrived very tired after a long drive from New York.The welcome was lovely and the door staff couldn't have been more helpful,rooms fantastic and the bar staff were exceptional. I would highly recommend this hotel. 
148473798	 This is the second time my family has visited DC and the 2nd time we've stayed at the Fairfax. Great rate, great room, great staff. What more could a visitor want. This hotel is a gem. The staff is incredibly welcoming and friendly with smiles all around, from the front desk, to the bellmen, to housecleaning. We will never stay anywhere else. <br/>Dupont circle is a young, vibrant areas with restaurants aplenty and the National Zoo one metro stop away. You do have to take the metro to get to the Mall but once you figure it out it is not a big deal. <br/>This hotel is a great deal. 
148463177	 This is a classic, older, grand hotel in the heart of Embassy Row. Staff are very friendly and helpful and the rooms are generous and well-fitted. For runners, it is near a creak with a running/walking/biking trail and for foodies, there are two great restaurants around the corner that are next to each other - one Vietnamese and the other Middle Eastern. 
148394416	 My husband and I stayed at the Fairfax for three nights during a company seminar. all expenses paid and had a wonderful time. The staff and accommodations were great. I would stay here again when visiting the area. Many attractions are nearby. 
148181948	 I stayed for 4 weeks in July when the temperature in DC hit record high as 'the last three Julys are the hottest in 130 or so years' (The Washington Post). The hotel and its staff serve as a nice oasis for me. Strategically situated in one of the liveliest neighborhood in DC, it is easy to get around as it's only one block away from the Metro Station, and also find good places to dine and fresh produce every Sunday morning at the Dupont Farmers Market. The staff members, especially Tee who greeted me on my arrival and bid me farewell when I left, are particularly very nice and made me feel at home for that long hot four weeks. 
148102671	 I stayed here over the weekend before Christmas because a friend just moved into the neighborhood; at each and every point during my stay I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was friendly and accommodating; my room was immaculately furnished and spotlessly clean and the hotel's proximity to transportation, restaurants and shopping can't be beat. Hotels like this stand out to me since I travel frequently on business and this one is the perfect combination of luxury and comfort without being too fussy. 
176693743	 This is a bit of a hidden gem, which I found by accident. I'd say that the positive reviews here mirror my experience. Arrived tired and jet lagged on a Sunday and was immediately made to feel at home in the small lounge just off the lobby area. Being wood paneled with a low ceiling and comfortable chairs it has a &quot;club&quot; feel and is a great place to chill with a drink or a light meal.<br/><br/>Woke up in the middle of the night dehydrated from the flight, went and asked at 1am where I could get some water - two bottles magically appeared: no charge. <br/><br/>The rooms are, as others said, smallish, but elegant and comfortable. If I am staying in DC, this is where it will be. 
176424278	 Stayed in this hotel for a conference, and for once enjoyed a hotel with a real history and a &quot;soul&quot;. The rooms might not be the biggest in the city, but they are charming and the staff makes you feel more than welcome. <br/><br/>The location is excellent - not to far from the center, but close to beautiful parks and in an upscale part of D.C. Great runnings-trips in the area and within walking-distance from Georgetown and The White House area. <br/><br/>Great bar and a very comfortable bed made this business-trip one of the most enjoyable for quite a while. Keep up the good work! 
176372137	 The staff in this hotel are amongst the best I have encountered in the hotel industry around the world. They are truly superb. The staff, like the hotel, are unpretentious, friendly, extremely helpful, and worth much more than what the hotel charges for a room.<br/><br/>I will gladly send all the people I know to this hotel with the certainty that not one will be disappointed. I stayed there six nights and never had a reason to not fully enjoy my hotel experience. The restaurant food is good, room service is timely and delicious but, again, the staff are the ones who really make the difference. All of them, the doorman, the front desk, bell hops, waiters, maids are wonderful. Stay here, you will not regret. Oh, by the way, it's location is easily the best in all of Washington, DC. 
176157517	 This hotel is without a doubt welcoming and super hospitable. My room was elegant, well appointed, with comfortable bed, small dresser, desk end enough outlets to charge all my electronic gadgets. Staff super friendly, helpful and very well trained. Fresh flowers in the elegant lobby smell great and add to the ambiance. Excellent location. Street P steps away with a number of restaurants. Mass avenue - Embassy Row - lined with beautiful architecture. Rock Creek Park trails in the walking distance. The hotel has an excellent gym. Spacious, airy and well equipped. I counted 5 treadmills, 5 elliptical trainers and a couple of stationary bikes, free weights area. Hospitality extends here as well in the form of water bottles, apples and towels. With all my enthusiasm, I did find a few areas for improvement.<br/>1) Internet in the rooms is charged at $13 a day per gadget. So if you have a smart phone and laptop, you will be charged twice. That is outrageous. So last century. And this policy is not transparent. Not mentioned in the room, where I found long and unnecessary instructions on how to use the phone. When I called from the room to ask, I was not advised of this practice, so I was caught by surprise when I tried to connect the second gadget.<br/>2) For some reason the presence of the spectacular gym is well hidden. No mention of it on the hotel website, not even a word in the folder describing hotel services.<br/>3) Breakfast is super expensive and offers no alternatives within my company's budget of $10.<br/>4) AC unit in my room was very noisy, turning on and off with nocking so loud I thought someone was at the door. I had to turn it off to sleep.<br/><br/>If you are sensitive to noise at night, ask for a room facing the street. Mine faced the courtyard and there was a constant low grade noise from the compressor outside. 
176104880	 We stayed for five nights at this hotel over the Labor Day weekend. Everybody from the hotel receptionist to the door men, house keepers, and all of the staff were super polite. The hotel receptionist was very cooperative and she acted as an ambassador for the District of Columbia, welcoming us very pleasantly. We reserved our hotel through a third party, but still she was very nice about changing our king bed room to a double bed room for our two children.(they stayed three nights) All four of us enjoyed the great service of the hotel. The hotel was very clean and had easy access to attractions. We will definitely stay in the same hotel on our next trip to DC. 
176075729	 My two day stay at the Fairfax Hotel last month was exceptional. I travel a lot, and to find a hotel that deserves the highest rating is unusual.<br/><br/>The sleeping rooms are lovely and impeccable. More than comfortable, this hotel is welcoming in every way. <br/><br/>The staff is across the board friendly and eager to be of assistance in any way needed. I look forward to my stay at the Fairfax next week. There is not much more one could ask for in a hotel. Kudos for achieving an outstanding rating from a highly critical guest! 
74192629	 We loved our stay at the Fairfax. Very elegant hotel, friendly and helpful staff, good location. We definitely recommend it and would stay there any time we are in Washington d.c. 
72779044	 our recent trip to the fairfax was the most memorable because of the excellent customer service! upon check in we where informed that the hotel had no more double beds in any category.<br/> Jennifer informed me that since it was booked though priceline it was not guarantied that it was just a request I explained to her that we also have another booking for the following night. I was so dissapointed. However she said&quot; I do have a suit available, now we generally charge a $200 upgrade charge for it but i don't want you to leave with a disappointed feeling&quot; So she upgraded us for FREE!! This was truly an angel!! after that it was smooth sailing our family slept in a beyond beautiful suit and had an excellent time!! she was also checked me in and out with the same smile she checked us i . i was truly impressed! 
72747827	 Spent one night here with wife and 10 year old daughter. I had made the reservation through Hotwire, and got what I believe to be a very good rate of $109 for a Saturday night. We had driven to DC and left the car with the valet in front of the hotel. Check-in was smooth, the lobby lovely, and our room on the fifth floor spacious, clean and well-decorated. The bathroom was particularly nice (and large). After seeing some sights we watched a pay-per-view movie in our room (the new Robin Hood with Russel Crowe, which I also thought was terrific), and spent a quiet, comfortable night .<br/><br/>The only mild criticism I have is that parking the car for the night through the valet cost $42.<br/><br/>So I definitely recommend the hotel, but would perhaps look for more reasonable overnight parking accommodations nearby. Having said that, my impression is that DC is a car-unfriendly city, and $42 is probably not far from the going rate. 
72332003	 My significant other and i stayed at the fairfax last night because we going out with friends and didn't want to drive home late to Annapolis. I got a great rate on Priceline. Well we got back to our room around 1:30 am and crashed. About 3 am the people in the room next to ours apparently came back and started a party. Music, loud talking, etc. I called front desk and was told security would take of it. Well 3 more phone calls, 2 hours and the police coming , it finally stopped. I got about 3 hours sleep. Needless to say i was not happy. So at checkout when they asked us what room we were in the desk clerk looked at the screen and asked us to wait to see the manager. We did , and the manager was more than apologetic about the previous evening. She even called out her supervisor who also apologized about the poor handling of the situation. They took off the parking fee ( which is a hefty $42.50/nt) and although they couldnt refund charges on priceline, they did give us enough starwood points to stay at any Starwood owned hotel for one night. They also invited us back to that hotel for a free dinner.<br/>I was all set to be very angry but their professional demeanor and amazing customer service made me very satisified. 
72082360	 We spent one night at the Fairfax, after celebrating a friend's special event. The building and common areas are adequate, if not exceptional, and the bar was quite large and empty on a Friday night, so we had it to ourselves. The room itself was nice enough, but again, nothing exceptional. The hotel feels like a bit of a cross between a boutique hotel and larger chain. As with many boutique hotels, the front desk/check-in area is small, so when there are lots of people, it gets crowded and takes too long. Unlike many boutique hotels, I didn't find anything particularly charming about the place. The staff, however, were friendly and competent. <br/><br/>My greatest disappointment was the sound-proofing, or lack thereof, in the rooms. We had hoped to sleep late the next morning, after being up late the night before, but the walls were so thin that we awoke early the next morning to the sound of conversation from the room next door, as if we were all in the same room. We could hardly complain to the gabby neighbors - they weren't being loud - they were just talking in normal voices, but we could hear everything loud and clear. The fault was not with the talkers, but with the walls. If not for the fact that we got a good price on Hotwire, I would have been very disappointed with the whole experience. 
72062076	 Just returned from a weekend get a away at The Fairfax at Embassy Row. The hotel is great. It is located ideally within walking distance to Dupont Circle and the Metro. Dupont Circle is a lively beautiful area and if you do not want to go to far there a several dining options. The Hotel is located close to all DC attractions either by Metro or cab.<br/>We took a tour in the Hop on Hop off bus which is close by and we had a blast - I highly recommend it.<br/> <br/>The Hotel is fantastic, from bell man to Reception - everybody always welcomed us with a big smile! The rooms are great and the beds are very comfortable (loved the TV!!).<br/>In Room Dining was great during a rainy day and the food was fabulous. We also enjoyed having a drink at the Fairfax Lounge.<br/>The rooms were spottless clean and our Housekeeper knew our name ( I have never experienced that before).<br/> <br/>I will definetely return to the Fairfax again! 
233174071	 I came to Washington, DC to a conference and had a great experience. The staff in the hotel was great and I loved the bed and accommodations. I would stay there again! Close to the Reagan Airport too. Had a wonderful experience!! 
233080547	 Great facility, staff &amp; location. Very close to 2 metro stations at Dupont Circle. Helpful, courteous and friendly staff. Clean &amp; quiet cozy rooms with very comfortable beds. Plenty of restaurants &amp; watering holes close by for breakfast, lunch or dinner. 
232963247	 When I checked in on 9/22 my checked luggage was missing. Tsegie, front desk lady, was so nice and went out of her way to track down my luggage. It had been moved, she found it and I could not have been more thankful. She could have easily said.....&quot;it's not there we will have to wait until the bell man comes in tomorrow AM....&quot; but she didn't! Thank you Tsegie for caring and making sure I got my luggage on arrival :-) 
232785734	 Zero recognition of starwood benefits. Room was small but clean. Check in not efficient. Staff was aloof. Great location in nice neighborhood. Subway a block away. Very good old school bar that might be the highlight of the hotel. Breakfast was adequate but nothing special. 
232465043	 I spent one week at this hotel and really loved everything about it! Then I decided to come back the following week, and my experience was totally different.<br/><br/>The location of the hotel is really nice. It's not far from DuPont Circle, and it is surrounded by embassies and restaurants that are within walking distance. It's very quiet here at night, which I appreciated.<br/><br/>The guys at the front door were always on their toes. I never had to open the door once because they would always open the door for me. They also always gave me a warm greeting, which made me feel at home.<br/><br/>Check in was effortless. I did realize that every day at 5:00PM, there is a jar of cookies in the lobby. I always tried to make it back from work around this time so I could have a special treat when I got home.<br/><br/>The room my first time around was on the fifth floor. It had a great view looking out to the street. It was a bit annoying that there was a very bright street lamp right outside my window, so my room would never get totally dark. I was in room 502, and the layout was really nice. The shower had glass walls, and there was a lot of space to walk around in the bathroom.<br/><br/>The second room I had was about the same size. The view wasn't that nice this time around, as I had a great view of another hotel room. The restroom wasn't as nice either. The toilet was right next to the wall, which was a bit uncomfortable. And the shower wasn't as nice either because it was a tub instead.<br/><br/>When I was checking out the second time, I had to wait ten minutes for someone because absolutely no one was at the desk. I was checking out at a reasonable time, so I was shocked that no one was there. I also asked to talk to someone about loosing a valuable item, but it was too early to talk to someone regarding lost and found items. The front desk took down my number and would call me later on that day to talk about what I had lost. Two days went by and no one called. So I called back and they weren't very nice to me. I gave them a description of what I lost, and she said she would call me back. Surprisingly, they never called me back. <br/><br/>I do have to give kudos to the bartender because he was very engaging. Most people sitting around the bar were by themselves, and he did a great job tending to people and having an open conversation with everyone. It was a nice touch to get all these strangers to talk about something.<br/><br/>I went to the gym a few times, and it was pretty good. There are several cardio machines and free weights. There's also plenty of water and fruit for a post-workout snack.<br/><br/>I wished I only stayed the first week because the second week was such a poor experience. 
231868429	 We found the fairfax to be a beautiful hotel with nice spacious room. Great location with plenty of good restaurants and pubs nearby and close to the subway. And lots of fabulous buildings nearby (embassy row). The staff were very pleasant. Our only complaint is that twice we mentioned to staff that that the room next to ours (maybe a boiler room) was very noisy. Both times we were told there would be someone up to check it out but this never happened. 
182507586	 My boyfriend and I just returned for a stay at the Fairfax where we stayed while visiting D.C. for my birthday. Usually we stay at the George Hotel as we enjoy that brand but this time decided to stay here. While we still do love the George this hotel has qualities that the George doesn't. Allow me to elaborate.<br/><br/>Location: The Fairfax is located within two blocks of Dupont Circle on the red line, walking distance to Georgetown and Downtown. In addition, Dupont Circle is full of a variety of dining options of every kind. Shopping is also readily available within walking distance. Not to mention being in Embassy Row you get to see many different embassies. <br/><br/>The area felt safe even late into the night. On a Friday night, after my birthday celebrations, we walked back from downtown- while getting a bit lost- and never felt unsafe. Along the way, we even took &quot;a scenic route&quot; (who doesn't call it that when they are actually lost?) and shared the sidewalks with many students who were pleasant rather than staggering home at that late time of night.<br/><br/>The hotel itself was quite busy during our stay. We stayed in a king room on the 2nd floor, very near the fitness center. The room was oddly light as there was not an overhead light anywhere particularly useful in the room itself; however, the bathroom was well light. The bed was extremely comfortable, and although others have complained about the pillows in other reviews here, we did not find them to be ill equipped. The thermostat was a bit wonky as it would change from the set temperature in the middle of the night to where we would wake up sweating. We didn't realize until the second night and never bothered to complain. Our housekeeper was great! She left us extra water bottles and tons of body wash at our request. The hotel staff we engaged with were pleasant and eager to help. Particularly, one butler, Trainee, who brought our bags up on check in. Our room keys were non functional when we arrived but he let us in and even brought us new keys in exchange for the non working ones without our request. <br/>The fitness room has brand new equipment sure to help you break a sweat and cooled towel to wipe all the sweat away with. It is also fully stocked with fresh apples, water bottles, and a variety of magazines. <br/>We did not find the room particularly small but did note the one towel rack in the bathroom being inside the shower itself was quite useless. In our experience our cellphones and wireless aircard received very poor reception while in the room. Perhaps it was due to the low floor location, who knows. We never had problems with reception elsewhere in the hotel or while in D.C., and also didn't allow that to spoil our stay. All in all, the Fairfax hotel offers a beautifully appointed well equipped hotel in a location with easy access to public transportation (both bus and train- I forgot to mention there is a bus stop one block away), and all the tastes and sights D.C. has to offer. 
182225736	 The hotel is in a perfect location for walking. Beautiful neighborhoods,easily accessable to public transportation, and the DC attractions. Staff are the best. Rooms are small but clean. If you are a light sleeper beware, a very noisy air conditioner. Sounded like a plane taking off each time it came on. Not sure if all rooms are like that but ours was. I would stay here again but bring ear plugs. 
181982283	 Looking at DC schools this summer and this was a great location right by Dupont Circle. Quiet oasis after sightseeing days. Really helpful staff, clean and beautiful room. Would absolutely stay there again. 
181978426	 Classic, nice hotel. Restaurant/lounge offerings are a bit lacking. Breakfast buffet is not exciting. If a nearby embassy is having a party, you might feel like there is a party in your room. Polite and friendly staff 
181968392	 The location can not be beat. The service was outstanding. The room was comfortable and just as we expected. This hotel was a real treat. Breakfast in the restaurant was delicious and the bar area was inviting and comfortable. I would definitely stay in this hotel again. 
181875348	 First off my wife and I went to Washington D.C. To see our son at Georgetown university and booked a room at the Baron Hotel near Dumont Circle. The Baron Hotel was nothing more than a flop house with no parking ,are you kidding no parking and it got worse from there.But I am here to sing the praises of the Fairfax Hotel around the corner from the Baron , I called the Fairfax from the dump room at the Baron and a gentleman named Ertag the front desk manager, when I told him my plight he took such GREAT care of us and could not be more helpful .The Fairfax Hotel Is our new home when in D.C. And I'm talking a beautiful hotel I HIGHLY RECCOMEND THE FAIRFAX HOTEL call Ertag and tell him I recommended you !!.<br/> hotel 
252391544	 My partner and I spent two nights in the Fairfax on Embassy Row on a romantic getaway weekend in D.C. and couldn't have had a better time. I wish I could remember the name of the lovely front-desk woman who got me checked in, as she was an absolute pleasure (not to mention made some truly excellent restaurant recommendations on 14th Street) and made a wonderful first impression: something many hotels of this calibre could stand to learn the importance of. Our room -- a street-facing Superior King -- was spacious, very clean, well-appointed, and beautiful, the concierge speedy (no 30+ minute waits for coffee from room service in the mornings!), and each and every one of the hotel staff we encountered -- from doormen to maids -- was perfectly friendly, accommodating, and warm. It was quite cold in D.C. throughout our stay and location-wise, it would have been nice to be just a little closer to all of the big tourist draws (monuments, museums, etc), but in more reasonable weather it could certainly be called walking distance. I would and will stay here again if and when the opportunity to spend more time in D.C. allows! 
252101170	 My husband and I have stayed at many hotels in DC; none - and I truly mean none - can come close to The Fairfax. Everything was beyond expectation, the room, the restaurant and bar, and the location. The service and responsiveness of the employees were a delight. <br/>I simply cannot state what a wonderful experience it was staying at this establishment. Your experience will begin as soon as you step into the beautiful lobby and are greeted by the doorman....I am certain you will enjoy your stay as much as I did.<br/> 
251701244	 I have stayed at the Fairfax several times for business meetings. There are many nice hotels in and around Dupont Circle but this one has exceptional service and a wonderful staff. We'll definitely be going back and I would choose it again even if traveling for pleasure. 
251102640	 My girlfriend and I stayed there Saturday 24 January. The location was perfect, staff was super friendly, got terrific price, on hotwire. The homemade brownies on the way out, <br/>Saturday night was the perfect touch. I highly recommend this hotel!! 
250778066	 John at reception was friendly and so helpful. Even though we are locals, we stayed at the hotel due to a power failure. We arrived after dark with an infant in tow. Everyone tried to help us out, especially John. Overall it was a great stay and we actually went home feeling refreshed! 
250743686	 We stayed at the Fairfax in December 2014. We arrived late at night and as soon as the car pulled up in front of the hotel I knew we were in for a treat! We were greeted by the most friendly doorman and this continued at the front desk (although I was slightly distracted by the wonderful décor and Christmas decorations!).<br/><br/>We were lucky enough to have a suite. It was lovely: clean, spacious and comfortable. The bed was big with the most comfortable mattress and pillows. The bathroom was a bit pokey but always clean. We had a TV in each room and an iPod docking station in the bedroom. Lots of interesting reading material as well such as Vogue magazine and luxury hotel books. We had free Wi-Fi as Starwood members but I'm not sure of the standard Wi-Fi facilities. My only complaint about the room was the noise of a water heater....a constant hum all night which disturbed my sleep slightly but nothing a pair of earplugs couldn't drown out. There was also a grumpy cleaner who scowled every time I saw her.<br/><br/>Breakfast was delicious. As a Starwood member we were entitled to free Continental breakfast which included pastries, fresh fruit and porridge. We paid extra for a hot breakfast a couple of times which was delicious. The breakfast staff were always friendly and the views of the embassy across the street always kept me entranced. We also ate at the restaurant one evening and enjoyed the room service. As lovely as the food was we did have a slight blip in that the wrong food was delivered to our room but this problem was quickly rectified. If eating here please please please have the crabcakes....words cannot describe how gorgeous they are!! And of course, I'll never forget the freshly made cookies in the lobby every evening...delicious!!<br/><br/>It's a bit of walk from the hotel to Pennsylvania Ave which was our base for the trip but it's a pleasant walk and DuPont circle is just around the corner with plenty of shops, restaurants etc.<br/><br/>Overall we had a very pleasant stay at the Fairfax. We met some amazing people from the bellboys to the bar staff and were treated like royalty! One of the bellboys in particular would always come and chat to us and ask us about our day and give recommendations on places to visit. I highly recommend this hotel and hope to be able to return in the future. 
119992029	 I stayed at this hotel out of necessity because the hotel at which I normally stay was booked. I was surely impressed by the staff, their friendliness, and genuine warmth. Make sure you get the double rooms or the upgrade suites, however. The regular rooms are quite small and difficult to become comfortable:otherwise a great stay. <br/>Make sure to have a drink at the bar:lovely, intimate, colonial appointed space. 
119944253	 Stayed here for work with a large group. My room (623) was tiny, and my shower had a window the full size of the shower. I saw the blind in there when I got to my room, and thought surely there is not a window. Well there was!!! I was not impressed with my room due to this and the size. My fellow travelers had normal rooms and plenty of room to relax. Don't stay in the room I was in, and verify you are not in that type of room layout!!! Did not like that they charged $10 for wi-fi daily. But staff was nice and room was clean. 
119904550	 it has been a great experience to stay at this hotel. overall a very friendly and efficient staff, good food, excellent support in all aspects of the hotel room services. I asked to iron my clothes at night and in few hours they were ready. only few problems with the breakfast waiter: he charged me the price of the breakfast althought it was incuded in my room fare. 
119690350	 Loved this hotel for a family DC getaway. The room with 2 queens was huge w/very comfortable beds. The staff were very helpful and friendly. Beautiful traditionally styled hotel was 'extra fancy' for my kids. <br/><br/>Loved the location surrounded by embassies and a few blocks from Dupont Circle meant that the metro and an abundance of great restaurants were minutes away. Breakfast at the hotel was crazy expensive (and the buffet was underwhelming) - instead, I recommend the bakery/restaurant Le Pain Quotidien just two blocks away. <br/><br/>Walking is enjoyable around this hotel and it's a very easy metro ride down to the museums and Capital - that's half the fun for my kids. If you're in a hurry, it's a $15 cab ride w/tip. 
119589854	 I was just here for a conference and received a govt rate, along with a room upgrade for being a SPG gold member. Overall, I really enjoyed my stay, and would stay here again on my next visit.<br/><br/>- I had a nice size room with street views of Massachusetts Avenue. It was generally quiet at night and early morning, but I suggest wearing ear plugs for a restful night sleep. The bed was pretty comfortable although pales in comparison to the Heavenly Bed. The bathroom was a bit cramped, with no room for the scale. Despite a lack of electric sockets, i was fortunate to have a a power strip in my room. The minibar fridge was empty, which was great so I was able to stock the fridge with water and food. The decor was a bit on the traditional side, and while I prefer a more contemporary look, I still found it tasteful.<br/>- As for the hotel itself, it was in a great location, just one block away from Dupont Circle and the Metro stop. Unfortunately, the hotel lobby/check-in area was just as cramped as the bathroom. Overall, the service was excellent, although there were a couple of instances when i didn't receive my wake up call. The gym facility was more than adequate with piped in music, towels, water and apples.<br/><br/>Restaurant Recommendations - DC has really grown up; who knew it has emerged as a serious food city. I did some research, and came up with a list - Jaleo for Spanish tapas, Rasika for modern Indian and Zaytinya for modern Greek/Mediterranean. My local friends took me to Hank's Oyster Bar for comfort food and Dukem for Ethiopian. Needless to say, I was in dining heaven, and highly recommend each restaurant. My 2-course meals typically cost no more than $35 (without drinks). Walk everywhere to burn off your meals!<br/><br/>Places to visit - I was lucky enough to visit the MLK Memorial, which is powerful in its simplicity and beauty. I visited the American History Museum and Natural History Museum and loved their interactive displays; it's great for families and people like me who are tired of looking at the same old paintings and portraits. The Holocaust Museum is a must do, and my friends highly recommend the Newseum, which I will do on my next visit. 
119567582	 My family toured around the USA in early October 2011 and stayed in numerous hotels across the country and The Fairfax was by far the very best. We were very impressed with the room which had 2 large queen beds, a full size sofa, desk and large lounge chair. The best thing about this room was the bed. It was the most comfortable and luxurious bed I have ever slept in. The pillows were perfect too. <br/>The hotel was small and intimate and being greated every time we returned with a warm and friendly &quot;Welcome back&quot; was a nice touch. The location was great within walking distance to the metro at Dupont Circle with many great restaurants to choose from literally steps away. The doormen were friendly and seemed genuinely interested in us and were happy to help with directions and restaurant recommendations.<br/>If I am ever lucky enough to return to washington DC I will definately stay here again. 
175724675	 Good location on DuPont Circle and a decent sized room but... the shower is a bizarre contraption that took a **long** time to reach the required temperature. On the plus side there is a gauge that shows you how slowly it's heating up. So while you wait you can either stare at the gauge or read a good book. A long, long book. Also the hotel clearly wants to wash All your towels All the time - there's only one small towel rail and that's inside the shower (!) so all of ours inevitably ended up on the floor. Hmm! No wonder I couldn't see the usual 'Only-put-the-towels-you-want-us-to-change-on-the-floor' sign. 
175700160	 I have to say we stayed here because it was the only hotel to offer parking which would accommodate a luggage rack on our car. The parking was great, but so was the hotel, everything is first class including the service. The interior is a reflection of the refined antique dignity of the other architectural marvels that line Embassy Row. Still the location offers the option of a quicker getaway than hotels closer to the center of NW DC, that is if you can navigate through the many traffic circles-meant to confuse the invading British army but works for modern cars as well. Very fine hotel. 
175627056	 I was excited to stay at a &quot;Starwood Luxury Collection Hotel&quot;, since i've never been to one before, however while the hotel is quite nice I never really got the feeling that it deserved the &quot;luxury collection&quot; title. That being said, i definitely didn't pay anything close to luxury level prices so I can't complain too much. <br/><br/>The hotel is in a nice character building in a good area, but the room was quite cramped. I've stayed in more luxurious feeling Sheraton and Westin rooms, so I guess I was expecting a bit more. Here's a tip: I parked on Florida Ave and paid less than half of the Fairfax's rate and then took cabs to all the tourist attractions. 
175561972	 Nice hotel. Stayed in August (family of 2 adults and 2 kids). Near Dupont Metro which was a big bonus. Lots of shops/restaurants in the area. Rooms were very nice size and beds very comfortable. For the price, a good bargain. 
175559447	 We stayed 9 nights at this hotel, its conveniently close to the Dupont Circle Metro Station and the taxi to several turistic landmarks is very quick. getting to and from Ronald Reagon was very quick. <br/>the surroundings are simply beautiful, there are a lot of restaurants and dinning options within 5 - 10 minutes walking distance.<br/><br/>The hotel is nice, but I would not qualify it as a grand delux nor 5 stars<br/>the rooms are nicely decorated the bed is confortable, but I'd like a pillow somemore hard (that is just me)<br/>We booked it thru expedia, and the service was good, but felt different to other guests, I had to ask for a bellman to carry my luggage (they should do them by themselves)<br/><br/>The restaurant has a nice breakfast but not great.<br/><br/>something that I find anoying was that the internet access free only @ the lobby (and by the elevators with 2 chairs in it), and it is quite expesive if you want to buy it at your room.<br/><br/>A lof of restaturants like starbucks, panera, simons, etc.. already provide free WiFi ... why and hotel where you are staying makes this a non included feature ? ... dont know.. been staying in other hotels in NYC, Europe and México and WiFi , internet access is no longer and extra ... <br/><br/>I got 1 charge of 60 USD of valet parking ... I dont have a car in DC.<br/>someone asked to be charged to my room, and nobody check it ... I had to review it at the check out.<br/><br/>and if you ask to be part of the green effort ... remember your room wont be made, nor cleaned. 
175353307	 The hotel is nice, but not luxurious as others have stated. However, it is an incredible value. I got a really good rate and was much better than other options in the same price range. The location is good for the Dupont Cirlce metro station as well as walking distance to many restaurants and shops. <br/>If you get a good rate and don't expect too much (you shouldn't expect too much when getting a great rate) you won't be disappointed. However, if you're expecting a five star luxury experience you will be dissappointed. Do yourself a favor and try the St. Regis, Mandarin Oriental, or any of the Ritz Carltons and you won't be dissappointed (you'll also pay 3 or 4 times as much). 
250079252	 This past weekend I visited DC and as I always do when I visit, I stayed at the Fairfax. It's an old-school yet luxury hotel, quiet with superb service. It's not a loud, brash place like a lot of places on or near DuPoint Circle which is just a few blocks away. The Fairfax is close enough to restaurants, hot spots and the Metro (red line) yet far enough away so that it's peaceful and quiet.<br/><br/>My room was wonderful and the service from hotel staff, from valet to bellman to room service: perfect. <br/><br/>Thanks for another great stay. 
249942845	 From the moment you enter the hotel, the level of customer service goes beyond limits. Catherine &amp; Julie gave us the check-in and without asking, they gave us the info about surrounding areas, attractions and restaurants. The room was beautiful, great amenities. Everything was perfect. 
249908619	 I stayed at the Fairfax Embassy Row for several days right after New Years. I have been staying at this property, right off Dupont Circle, for 15 years, through several changes in ownership. I was delighted it still had the same magic and much of the same staff that brings the magic. The rooms remain comfortable and beautifully appointed and the lobby bar is a classic in D.C. Whether your taste is batch bourbon or champagne cocktail, prepare to spend several hours there with the world class bartenders and D.C. insider patrons. But the real magic remained in the staff, the bell guys, the valets, the housekeepers, and the front desk people who remembered me and attended to every little thing to make the stay perfect. Will be back next month. 
249902238	 I stayed at the Fairfax over MLK weekend and found the experience excellent. The staff could not have been more courteous from check in to leaving the hotel. The beds are very comfy as are the pillows. Excellent luxurious stay. Thanks Fairfax! 
249887837	 The Fairfax is one of those Washington, DC legends that lives up to its reputation. This property fits like a well-loved pair of gloves that I've enjoyed for years. Every trip to Washington requires an overnight stay. The beds are comfortable, the housekeeping staff works tirelessly to make sure every room is perfectly clean, and the concierge service is extraordinary. With Dupont Circle a block away, and every embassy on Massachusetts avenue right around the corner, you are in the center of the most inspiring, historic and relevant architecture the city has to offer. The next-door neighbor is the legendary Anderson House and across the street is none other than the Phillips. So, next time you're in Washington, do yourself a favor and book a room in history! You'll be glad you did. 
249866193	 I have never before felt compelled to take the time to write a “Thank You” note to the management and staff at a hotel (especially as part of a very busy business trip to DC) until my recent stay at The Fairfax on Embassy Row. Before my departure after my 4-night stay, I was compelled to do this for the first time. While many elements of the experience were beyond exceptional, the focus on customer service was unparalleled. From the folks who greet you and open the door, to the front desk, to cleaning staff and other employees you may meet during your stay, it was clear that this establishment has placed both priority and staff development effort on the notion of “customer service.” For those who are only happy if they stay in a brand new hotel, please know that this is an historic establishment. It has unique character and charm that you can elect to embrace and enjoy (unless things “not being brand new” causes you to have a negative perception.) The location near the Dupont Circle Metro and close to the great restaurants and night life that give “The Circle” its reputation of renown give The Fairfax added advantage. I travel to DC six times or more each year, and the Fairfax is my new favorite. 
174895353	 We stayed in a Grand King Suite which is fabulous as very roomy with a couch and coffee table,<br/>The room was extremely comfortable, bed and pillows great. the staff were very good always eager to answer any questions and very happy and polite.<br/>The Anderson House is right next door and is definitely worth making time for in your stay. the mansion is open from 1 to 4 thru the weekdays.<br/>This hotel is handy to DuPont Circle, nearby restaurants and walking distance to Georgetown if you are fit.<br/>Friendship Heights is on the red line and about 4/5 blocks away if you want to go to Bloomingdales...Lord and Taylor Saks. Etc.<br/>this Hotel is a old elegant lady with charm....in a great area with good architecture. 
174795367	 Happy friendly staff who do like to help. The lobby is small and has steps so not great for disabled or lugging luggage but otherwise the bar and restaurants are good and well staffed. The restaurant is not always open though but there is a decent bar menu and place to sit properly. Locally there are some decent shops - CVS, bookshops, nail bar, around P St and P circle. Cabs are not always free flowing but it is possible to walk into the city centre without too much fuss.<br/><br/>This hotel is like most US hotels, a bit pricey but comparatively it always comes in at a fairly decent price compared to other decent hotels in DC. 
174727551	 The decor is very elegant and the hotel is kept spotless by the staff. Every one was extremely pleasant and helpful. The only disappointing aspect was a charge for internet use. We found out by accident that use on the main floor is free, but still in this day and age charges for use seem petty for such a grand hotel. We highly recommend the hotel for the neighborhood and closeness to metro and distance to what is happening in the capitol area. It is a 3 block walk to the Metro at Dupont Circle. Parking charges were $40 a day. For large cities this is to be expected. 
174713801	 We've just come back from spending 4 nights at this hotel. Our experience was, to say the least, extremely enjoyable. From the moment we arrived until our departure the complete hotel staff were awesome. Front desk were as helpful as they could be wanting to tend to our every need and making certain that we were satisfied. The bell hops, the concierge were cut from the same cloth. The room was luxurious, we choose a Superior room for our stay. Everything you could want. Travel to the tourist core such as the Washington Mall, the Capitol, the Smithsonian museums was quick and easy. The Washington subway is about a 5 minute walk from the hotel.<br/>We did not use any of the facilities in the hotel, I'm not certain if there are any but that was not our concern. If we return to Washington D.C. for any reason we will stay here again. 
173935189	 This is really a great hotel done in good taste, right next to Dupont and in walking distance from most anything. The service is just great, helpful in every way, and go to great lengths to ensure you are satisfied. The rooms are comfortable and well decorated. The only issue I had with the rooms is that there is a lot of noise from the outside airconditioning. If possible, I would ask for a room facing outwards which may help minimize this noise. 
173574232	 I love my stay in this hotel. I came early, and they had a room availabel for me. Staff was friendly and room clean. Hotel was georgus. The Dupont Circle area is gret, a lot of restaurant and close to the subway. Love it. 
210856931	 Checked out of the Fairfax Luxury Collection Hotel in DC and found this to be one of the worst &quot;luxury&quot; properties anywhere. The place has zero service, feels soulless, and no one acknowledges you when coming/going. It's a depressing environment where service is last priority--/I was thoroughly unimpressed. This property has no business being classified as a luxury hotel.<br/><br/>Fairfax is not a nice hotel, staff unfriendly, rooms outdated, and no service to be found of any kind including water in the room (or at least mine). Wouldn't consider this property when back in DC and would discourage others from ever staying as well. Staff appear to be as miserable as the hotel itself. Sorry, but luxury does not apply here. 
210720631	 This hotel has all the amenities and amazing staff. It's located on Embassy row and a block from DuPont Circle which has lots of shopping and delicious eateries. The shower has a temperature gauge and a makeup mirror. You will love this hotel! 
210632337	 The Fairfax, built in 1927 and of course elegantly renovated, is a great place to stay in DC. The rooms are clean and the service is excellent. It's close to the Metro at Dupont Circle. Our family felt very safe here, a great place to stay on your next visit to DC!!!!! 
210342636	 We were there during the Embassy Weekend and it was a great experience to get into all the embassies. The hotel is located by famous Dupont Circle. Great location and lovely front desk staff. They smile all the time:) Also it was very clean. We loved it. 
210324786	 My room was nice but small. Tsegie Ihassahun was very helpful. She took care of dinner reservations at a nearby restaurant and was otherwise very attentive to our needs and requests. The entire staff was very friendly. 
210156735	 Nice clean rooms that had all my needs. helpful staff. great location at the classical quiet area of Embassy row. loved having breakfast everyday as the cuisine was delicious and healthy.<br/>100% recommend. 
185016098	 My partner and I came here for a relaxing weekend just before a work conference. We found a great deal on the Starwood website including the continental breakfast. The location cannot be beat. The metro is just around the corner, and the hotel is equidistant to downtown, Georgetown, and Adams Morgan. There is a cute little farmers' market nearby on Sunday mornings.<br/><br/>The service was also excellent. One night some friends came by for drinks in the lounge. The valet didn't even charge them, he just watched their car in the front driveway. More than once we were comped the full breakfast (eggs and bacon) rather than just the continental breakfast (cold stuff). <br/><br/>The room was comfortable, but the other reviews are true - the air compressor is loud, so make sure to bring earplugs. Otherwise I have no complaints and would stay here again! 
184714322	 Nice hotel, really small rooms. Upon check in I asked for a room with a view and the front desk employee gave me a room with view of another room so I had to keep my window shade down for the entire trip. The hotel is located in a great location but the room was a little too small for me, I have seen bigger hotel rooms in New York City. The room service menu was very limited and the valet parking was extremely slow not sure if I would return to this hotel again. DC has plenty of other hotels I can give a try 
184605518	 I recently began traveling to Washington DC for work and spend 3 nights a week at the Fairfax hotel. From the very first moment I walked in the door, the management and staffs dedication to exemplary service is blatantly obvious. The front desk personnel address me by name and are consistently going out of their way to make me feel welcome and well taken care of. I have stayed at other hotels in the DC area prior to staying at The Fairfax and feel comfortable saying this hotel provides unparalleled service due to the fact the employees take pride in their work and truly care about the guests. 
184512927	 Spent two nights this past weekend with my wife at the Fairfax. We had booked it via Hotwire so the choice of hotel was not known till booking. We were very pleased with the location. The staff greeted us warmly and was helpful and friendly throughout our stay. The room was large and clean. I would definitely return except for one thing.<br/>The internet in the room was not free but $12.95/day. In this day and age free wifi is as expected as water and electricity. To make matters worse the only free internet was in the lobby which had one chair. You could pick up the wifi in the bar when open if you felt like sitting in a bar. <br/>Loved the place but would not return until free wifi was available. 
184426357	 Finally... a Washington D.C. hotel worth its price. I don't use words like &quot;lovely&quot; or &quot;cozy&quot; very often to describe a hotel but my room was a pleasant surprise. From the staff who really seem to enjoy their jobs as much as the neighborhood, to the rooms and restaurants that are so inviting, I encourage you to consider the Fairfax for your next D.C. stay. As a Hilton Honors girl, I sometimes forget how a hotel can be a respite during a busy week. Thanks Neil for personal attention to detail. 
184412225	 The Fairfax is an outstanding hotel in a prime Embassy Row/Dupont Circle location, near the Dupont Circle Metro, the Phillips Collection and some of DC's best restaurants. Our room was excellent with all the amenities one would expect. I was disappointed the hotel's own restaurant - once The Jockey Club - was not open, but the hotel serves an excellent full breakfast and pub food is available in the comfortable bar at night.There is also room service, but we did not take advantage of that. Given the location, so close to P St. and Connecticut Ave. with restaurants aplenty, this is not a handicap. The biggest plus? The staff! I had the occasion of asking for help in juggling restaurant reservations when part of our group was delayed and received the best of all possible responses: &quot;Consider it done.&quot; In sum, a well-appointed, comfortable hotel with a helpful staff that will assist you however they can. As is usually the case with urban hotels, ask for a higher floor for quiet. 
107693106	 I will start by saying I stayed as part of a wedding block, so my rate was very reasonable. With that said the King Bed room we stayed in was very clean and nice and was a good size. I liked the style of decor - very homey and kind of antique. The products in the bathroom were Remede which is our favorite. We faced a brick wall which I believe was the other side of the hotel - so nonexistent view. The place is definitely upscale but there is nothing over the top about it. Dinged on service a little because it took them about 15 minutes to get our car from valet. For a second I thought they'd lost the car!<br/><br/>It is a convenient 4-5 minute walk to Dupont Circle and 4-5 minute drive to Georgetown. I liked the location. 
106746314	 I stayed here on Easter weekend 2011. We had two rooms - one with one adult and one 11 year old child and another room with two adults and two 9 year olds. The hotel worked out really well for us. At check in they were unable to give us a room with two double beds - but moved us to a larger room that comfortably fit a roll away bed. Also, they let us check in several hours early which was great. The beds were very comfortable, the bathrooms big and the whole room and hotel was very clean. The fitness center was modern, bright and well equipped. The location is fantastic if you like Dupont Circle area - lots of shops and restaurants - the metro a few blocks away. It's a short ride to the Mall and all the museums. Overall, I highly recommend this hotel. 
106534650	 This hotel was luxurious, fresh and clean with good in-room facilities such as tea and coffee and an i-pod dock. Nice products in the bathroom. The slightly noisy air-conditioning (inside and from the unit outside) was the only small issue. Great location near to the Dupont metro station, with some nice cafes and shops in the surrrounding area and even a farmers' market on Sunday. Walking distance to Georgetown. The hotel is set in a beautiful tree-lined avenue of period buildings housing various embassies and was truly lovely with the sunshine and cherry blossoms. I would definitely go there again - it felt very safe and relaxing for a single traveller. The breakfast waffles were also wonderful! 
106251550	 We recently stayed at the Fairfax Embassy Row and were very happy with our choice. We were traveling with my mother, a senior, my daughter , who is 6, and my husband who was trying to fit in some work. Needless to say we had varying needs but they were all promptly met. Try the Jockey Club lounge downstairs for their specials. During Happy hour they even offer free food and drink in this elegant setting for Starwood members. Beats your average lounge hands down. With Dupont circle and the Philips musuem steps away we were all very entertained and relaxed. And the beds, products, and bathrooms were first notch. We hope to be back! 
106216408	 The location of this hotel was in beautiful Dupont Circle, the service was just excellent, the room lovely, and the food at the bar and restaurant were top-notch. The rooms were very quiet and we could not hear any outside noise, not to mention the windows open, which is just great. This hotel is comfortable yet elegant, and I rarely see service as accommodating. Highly recommended -- would stay again. 
106205892	 Great hotel. A bit pricey at the full rate, but if you can find a discount this hotel is the best I've been in when visiting DC. Not much of a lobby, but the rooms were quiet and clean. Service was excellent. I will be back! 
205796857	 I've been staying at the Fairfax at Embassy Row for several months now while traveling to DC for business. While the property itself is fantastic, what makes the stay even better is the exceptional service. The hotel staff have been wonderful in accommodating a large group of my colleagues that all travel with me, especially Kevin Siu and Front Desk Manager, Julie. Everyone is friendly and polite and will go out of their way to ensure that you have everything you need for a comfortable stay. 
205791632	 With very little effort and cost it should be far above avrrage. People were polite but seemed to be confused on the management policy .<br/>The bathrooms are very poor condition really unacceptable for a hotel like this, pity . 
205790708	 With its excellent and gracious service,The Fairfax is an old-school hotel in the best sense of the word (Julia was especially gracious and helpful.). The location at Dupont Circle was perfect for walking around and also for its proximity to the metro. A bonus was the Sunday morning Farmers Market at Dupont Circle (try the empanadas).<br/>A restaurant we loved (and were able to stroll to) was Diplomate. Noisy by delicious. 
205562836	 My wife and I tremendously enjoyed our recent stay at the The Fairfax at Embassy Row. This trip was our first extended time in the DC area (while also celebrating our wedding anniversary) and the accommodations at The Fairfax at Embassy Row hotel were major contributors to our enjoyment of our visit.<br/><br/>When planning our trip some months earlier, all questions about our reservation were answered in advance and very well with my request of a room with a view easily accommodated - and the room was very comfortable, spacious, and clean and we enjoyed the corner location views.<br/>Also - upon our arrival and at several times during our stay, Quatina Rosser at the front desk was extremely helpful in answering questions and providing us with information for planning our day trips to various sites in Washington - Quatina's assistance with our arrangement for tickets for the Old Town Trolley tour on Saturday was much appreciated - and when we checked out on Sunday, Tsegie Kassahun was very helpful with wrapping things up and printing our boarding passes for our flight home - please pass along our thanks to both Quatina and Tsegie.<br/>All of the staff at the door were welcoming and very helpful when we requested taxis.<br/><br/>In summary - we had a great time in Washington and The Fairfax at Embassy Row was a superb 'home away from home' - we are already thinking about planning another trip to Washington and will have The Fairfax high on our list. 
205378515	 very classy, old school hotel with manners that match. Great location of Dupont circle with restuarants and metro easy walking distance, yet in a quiet neigborhood surrounded by embassy's. The staff was eceptoanlly firendly and polite from the doorman gretters to Ms. cassidy at the front desk who was delightful. When was the last time a maanger came out of their office to thank you for staying at the hotel?? actally happened.<br/>Rooms are clean, beautifully furnished, and spacious and reflect the quiet elegance of a much more expensive hotel. Highly recomend it for our next stay back in dc! 
205296811	 The location of the The Fairfax at Embassy Row can't be beat. The service seemed okay. They didn't give me a Platinum upgrade at check-in until I asked. The room was good, but perhaps a bit dated. All in all, it did the job. 
242231961	 It's always a pleasure to stay here, warm and inviting. The staff cannot be friendlier. The rooms are well-appointed, nice size, and impeccable. The restaurant and lounge are always very comfortable, the food is fantastic. The location near DuPont Circle is ideal. We have never been disappointed when we're at the Fairfax. 
241912970	 I stayed at The Fairfax at embassy Row Hotel for business purposes last week. I had the experience of warm welcome and a nice upgraded room. Hotel is located close to dupont circle and you can easily find stores,resturants in a walking distance. I was there for a conference and after business hours i had the chance to walk around to have the DC experience. I am also living in DC area but i never have time to see the city . This was a good opportunity for me to explore some new restaurants and cafes. My only issue was in the morning i waited 5-7 minutes to have a hot water to take a shower but it was not a big deal to ruin my day. I am definetely going to stay here again but next time with my friends . 
241646432	 I recently stayed five nights at the Fairfax at Embassy Row. The hotel is a historic gem located near Dupont Circle. It's history is captured in the number of famous residents of the building over the years including the Senators Gores and, my favorite, Admiral Chester Nimitz. <br/><br/>The property is best classified as a luxury mid-size hotel. Several qualities that recommend it. These include the rooms, which are lovely and appointed more or less as one would expect in higher end hotel. My standard room was fine and the bed was quite comfortable. The location can't be beat. It's about two blocks to the Dupont Circle metro, and there are many, many, good restaurants within an easy walk. The hotel is in a great neighborhood and surrounded by a number of embassies including those of India and Indonesia. For my taste, the hotel bar also deserves positive mention (as does the bartender) because it is a very old school wood and leather type of establishment. <br/><br/>There were a couple of downsides. First, interior rooms have no view. That didn't bother me as I didn't pay a premium for a view room. Second, there is no grand lobby. It's small and not a place to linger. Third, while I found the staff quite good and professional, they simply didn't have the snap or polish that one finds at hotels such as the Fairmont, Ritz-Carlton or Four Seasons...yet, the Fairfax approaches this level in price. Finally, and this is true for many pricey hotels, wifi in the room costs extra. (Note to management: Really? In 2014 and at your prices, you can't throw in wifi in the rooms? Even Holiday Inn manages that one. It seems rather petty.) My bottom line is that I'd probably stay here again. If you are choosing between the three above hotels and the Fairfax, the decision might come down to location and charm versus that extra level of luxury and service. For my taste, location and charm trump. 
241215256	 We were only here for one night, but would have liked to stay longer. For that reason we will be back.<br/><br/>The combination of accommodation, quality service and location make this a must for a visit to Washington.<br/><br/>All the staff were helpful and courteous, they made my first visit to Washington a thoroughly enjoyable experience. 
241176168	 Great location with spacious and quiet rooms. Beautifully decorated too. Staff were polite and professional but constrained at peak check in and check out times. A great location and facility to host business conferences. 
240163194	 We stayed for 3 nights and could not have been more satisfied. Rama and the other distinguished looking bellman were so friendly as we came and went. We had to eat in twice due to medical issues, and room service was delicious with lovely presentation. Our room was spacious and elegant. The hotel was quiet. <br/><br/>The location is terrific with good proximity to the metro, to shopping in Georgetown, and to many types of restaurants, including several ethnic restaurants. CVS is a block away, open 24 hours a day. Starbucks is also a block away. Save room for late afternoon cookies in the hotel lobby.<br/><br/>Compared to other DC hotels, a great value. Only thing that could be better would be free WiFi. We will return. 
155534939	 The Fairfax at Embassy Row is our favorite hotel in D.C. lovely old world charm, excellent service, charmiing fedral yellow &amp; millitary blue decor. The rooms are charmingly cozy and peaceful. The resturant elegant &amp; delicious! the very Brittish bar decorated with fishing &amp; huniting pasteral scenes, the perfect place for a scotch or Bailys &amp; coffee while a fire plase quietly smolders among comry couches draped in plaid. Well done, well done indeed. 
155530080	 My favorite places around DuPont Circle were booked so I chose this Starwood property . It was pleasant enough but room was small (even tho I was told it was one of their nicest). Not only was I annoyed that I had to pay $13/day+tax for Internet connection, I wasn't able to log on. When I asked for help I was connected to a very bored guy at call center who finally figured out the problem after 30 min of poking around on my computer.. Restaurant was ok but much better places within walking. Would stay there in a pinch butmuch prefer the Kimpton properties nearby for the money, customer service, room quality AND FREE access to Internet. 
155195551	 I have been to Washington DC annually for a conference and each time we have had a different hotel. This time the conference was held at the Fairfax at Embassy Row. I did not know about the hotel at all ahead of time and when we got there, we were pleasantly surprised. <br/><br/>The hotel is of the old style, with drapery, paintings, carpeted floors and lots of dark wood paneling. The rooms were pleasantly large with a nice sitting area next to the bed and a large desk. There is a refrigerator as well. They do charge for the internet access, but the access is very fast once established. The bed was very comfortable and there were plenty of towels and toiletries in the bathroom. They provide bath robes which were very nice. <br/><br/>Another nice feature was the fact that they had a paper of our choice delivered to our door every day. <br/><br/>We went to the bar to have a drink after we arrived and it is a pleasant old style bar. I ate several meals as part of the conference and the food service was absolutely fabulous. The food quality was outstanding. <br/><br/>The hotel is near the Dupont Circle so it is very easy to get to the Metro and then anywhere around the DC area. There are several restaurants nearby within walking distance and it's safe to walk late in to the evening. We went to the Kennedy Center and originally had planned to walk but ran out of time and had to take the cab, but it is close enough to walk there if you have adequate time. Georgetown is also within walking distance from the hotel. <br/><br/>We had a very nice stay and since the Fairfax is part of the Starwood Hotel Group, you can accrue points while staying there. I would highly recommend it for your next stay in the DC area. 
155192708	 Historic hotel in quiet, upscale area of Washington DC. The desk staff gave me a large, lovely room. Nice bathroom (albeit it with a COLD stone floor), bathrobe, nice toiletries. Turn-down service with a little chocolate and slippers laid out, soothing music on radio. Very nice on-site restaurant with breakfast buffet; if you want more food for less price go over to Le Pain Quotidien. Good fitness room. I am marking this down one grade from what I would have rated it because they charge for in-room Internet, which to me is like charging for electricity or tap water. 
155076527	 We stayed on the 5th floor in a Deluxe King room, facing Mass Ave. View was nice, room was cozy and well-appointed. Can't beat the location! Girlfriend loved the pillows; I loved the temperature gauge in the shower. Won't repeat what other reviewers have said about the staff, save that they're all spot-on -- very friendly staff!<br/><br/>The only tip I'd give is to avoid rooms with a connecting door. The people next door weren't particularly noisy, but we could hear everything. Didn't help that they were on a different schedule as us. Wasn't pleasant being awoken at 6am with the sounds of the neighbors getting ready. We didn't bring the matter to anyone's attention as we weren't looking to switch rooms, but keep this in mind when you're booking. Other than that, there wasn't much noise from the street or anywhere else. 
155008696	 Our family of six has stayed at the Fairfax Embassy Row every year for the past six years for Christmas week and other family occasions, largely because the hotel staff is so warm and welcoming. The rooms are very spacious and decorated in a tasteful manner. We have appreciated the many room options for our family. We've had two connecting deluxe rooms, a larger Superior suite connecting to a superior room, and once when the hotel was quite full, we all squished into a junior suite. The bathrooms are spacious and clean, and whenever there might be a housekeeping issue, the staff is quick to remedy it.<br/><br/>Once after Christmas Day 2012 I accidentally threw away a tiny but important piece of one of the children's Christmas gifts and the housekeeping staff, along with their manager, actually went through the day's garbage bags to find it! <br/><br/>Our only issue with this hotel is the so-so restaurant. The breakfast buffet is the standard fare - scrambled eggs, potatoes, fruit, etc. Again, here the staff made all the difference by running out for fresh croissants when they realized our kids were disappointed to see they'd run out. We've had lunch in the Jockey Club and it had that &quot;lunch with your Aunt&quot; kind of stodginess. Food was forgettable. The bar is dark and kind of unwelcoming. 
159702982	 We stayed for 5 nights (April, 2013) in a clean, well-appointed room. Though on the surface, the room only had the basic furnishings in standard sized room, the Fairfax won points for being immaculate, and the rooms were very quiet. There were several families attending a wedding held there, and yet, we really never heard them until we were in the hallway. The staff accommodated us with grace and complete attention. Location couldn't have been better for sightseeing and a little work. We couldn't have been happier. 
159171838	 Last week I spend 2 nights at the Fairfax at Embassy Row. It was an great stay. The check in was quick and pleasent. The bar was nice. The room was a beautiful corner room which I was upgraded to bases on my Starwood platinum status. But the highlight was a call from Ertug Ersoy the front office manager. I had met Ertug last year when he was at the St. Regis and he had helped me there. Ertug remembered me and asked that we meet in the lobby to say hello and catch up. He also gave me his card and asked me to contact him if I need any help at the Fairfax. It gives you a feeling of home when an employee of the hotel makes you feel like you are in your second home. I am looking forward to returning to the Fairfax in a few weeks. 
159074025	 We stayed here for a weekend. We were given one of the smaller rooms. It fit a king size bed, and a dresser and not much else. Thankfully we weren't in the room too much. But it wasn't conducive if you wanted to watch TV (you had to lay on your side to see it) or have more than 1 person in the bathroom at once. And no desk. So not ideal if you are here for business. But the beds were comfy, and the location excellent. Easy to walk through Dupont Circle area, grab the metro or even hit Georgetown a mile away. The smaller hotel appealed to us as it was quieter. 
158758614	 The location of the Fairfax is ideal. Dupont Circle and its environs is lovely and using the Red Line most of the tourist locations are quickly accessible. During my two night stay, I was most impressed by the staff. Every person greeted me kindly, professionally and with enthusiasm to make my stay as comfortable as possible. The room I had was very well appointed, it had everything I could need and felt large and spacious. The bed was really very comfortable. <br/><br/>Some of the details left me disappointed, most notably was that there is a wifi charge per day per device. In addition, the door to the room did not quite meet the floor so there was a bit of noise from the hall that drifted into my room. 
158389208	 A tired old building , a small footprint, with aging finish and fixtures. <br/><br/>A favourite of nearby by embassies to house folks in town from abroad for a short time, expect chaos at the front desk and diplomats and their young female admirers in the bar. <br/><br/>The building is expensive, clearly was once quite grand, but now has a funny smell faded carpets and stained, worn furniture. The amities in the bathrooms were very nice. Towels and linens very high quality. <br/><br/>This is by no means a dive, just vastly overpriced and resting on laurels decades past due. 
158365771	 The Fairfax might once have been a great hotel and with investment from Starwood it could be again, but for now it is second-rate and living off its name. <br/><br/>First the positives: <br/>- Great location, by Dupont Circle, walking distance to lots of useful and interesting places and right by the metro<br/>- Very comfortable beds and good blackout blinds<br/>- Decent-sized room (following advice from people on TripAdvisor that standard 'Superior' rooms were tiny, I paid extra for a larger 'Grand Deluxe' room) <br/>- Helpful door staff<br/>- Reasonably priced *were it really a 5-star* (but overpriced for the 3.5 star hotel it really is) <br/><br/>Now the many negatives:<br/>- Shamefully poor breakfast buffet, worthy of a 2-star hotel, with very limited choice, poor quality food and only one espresso coffee included in the (high) price of $24 + tax + service, ie, around $30 (the waiter filled in the tip himself before giving me the bill!) <br/>- Poor shower: weak water pressure, cheap shower curtain, no shower gel (only soap) in the amenities <br/>- Cramped bathroom that could do with modernising <br/>- Erratic and noisy air conditioning <br/>- $12.95 + tax (ie, $13.73) a day for wifi for one device<br/>- Cheap coffee machine in the room that made horrid coffee <br/>- Cursory housekeeping: the bed still looked slept it, my pajamas were left in a pile rather than folded etc<br/>- Small, poorly equipped and warm gym (77°F, it said one day, ie, 25°C): one free weights bench, one shoddy cable machine, no mats to do abs/stretch etc<br/>- Often long wait for the concierge, concierge button on the phone in my room didn't work <br/>- Asked on arrival which morning paper I wanted, I asked for the Wall St Journal; instead received USA Today the first few days, then no paper at all<br/>- After staying six nights and departing on a Sunday, rarely the busiest day for arrivals, the latest checkout they were willing to offer me was 1pm.. this despite the fact that during the week, housekeeping often didn't come till mid afternoon <br/><br/>The Fairfax makes much of the fact that it is a 'Luxury Collection' hotel that has welcomed many of the big names from US politics (eg, Bush, Gore etc) and the 'global elites' with pictures of the White House etc everywhere to reinforce the message. Unfortunately, it does not live up to the high standards to which it pretends. <br/><br/><br/><br/> 
212536536	 My partner and I enjoy a lovely weekend at the Fairfax at Embassy Row. Both of us live in the region but wanted to take a weekend and make it special. We arrived and were greeted by the welcoming hotel attendance. We made it to out hotel room and decided to take advantage of the full service concierge service. We ordered room service which was amazing and fast. The amenities were great too. highly recommend staying at this hotel. 
212369227	 Can't say enough about this hotel! Old world charm and elegance. Great location near dupont circle. The rooms are large, comfortable and nicely appointed. Beds very comfortable. Bathrooms are well stocked with towels and amenities. Free water in the room and empty fridge.<br/>Most wonderful about this hotel is the service. Flawless, attentive, professional, personable. The porter who brought our bags to the room offered to fill the ice bucket. Doors are always held. Valet parking is prompt and courteous. We were supplied with 2 cold water bottles for our trip (without asking!). Responses are personal, from the person picking up the phone responding with your name to the wake up call being placed by a real person.<br/>To add to the above, when informed that we were here for a birthday, the concierge (Aaron) immediately upgraded our room as well as sending a complimentary plate of cheese and crackers to the room!<br/>The dining room is lovely. There too, the service is attentive and above and beyond. The food is delicious (try the baked brie and cobb salad for lunch). The buffet breakfast is worth it - many choices and reasonably enough priced. Room service was fabulous too.<br/>Booked for an incredibly reasonable price. Less than most other hotels and so much better! 
212098297	 Last week I experienced the unfortunate event of staying at the Fairfax when a water main broke in front of the hotel. While the overall service related to this emergency was not great, the front door man Ahmed was amazing. He was sympathetic and offered to get me cold water (the air was impacted due to the water break). He had to listen to a venting frustrated lady (me), and keep a positive attitude and focused on trying to turn my experience around with the resources he had (cold water). Thanks Ahmed!! 
212032805	 The Fairfax at Embassy Row is located two blocks west of Dupont Circle. The rooms are very attractive and clean, the beds are very comfortable, the public areas are elegant, and the rates are very reasonable for a downtown DC hotel. There aren't lots of extra amenities, though there's a restaurant on-premises and many others nearby. Our only complaint was the slow and somewhat grumpy service in the restaurant, both over breakfast and during a late lunch. 
211928094	 We get good offer for our three nights stay in Washington so we choose the Fairfax. The first impression was &quot;this is not for us&quot; (because everything seemed so fancy) but after some time the first impression changed and we líked the place. The breakfast was not included and it was a little bit expensive (about 30$) but very good. The valet parking was luxurious (but also a little bit expensive, over 140$ for three days) but we thought that this is a once time in a lifetime experience so who cares =). The only minus is that the wi-fi should be free of charge (3 days package was over 30$, so we used only the free wi-fi of lobby). The location is quite perfect, about 2 kms to the White house and about 300 m to the Du Pont Circle metro station. There is also many good restaurants near the hotel. 
211570144	 This hotel is in a renovated old building, so the rooms are fairly small, but well-appointed and comfortable. But who come to DC to hang out in your hotel? There are great restaurants around the corner--Al Tiramisu was a strong recommendation from the concierge and it was terrific. And I could bike to the Washington and Lincoln monuments in about 15 minutes.<br/><br/>Best was the staff, two of whom deserve special mention: Peter Gill, the concierge, and John Johnson, also in guest services. Both went way out of their way to assist not just with the hotel, but getting around and getting my bike back to the rental shop.<br/><br/>I would definitely go back. 
239582142	 I just checked in here and was astonished to overhear how poorly they were treating another guest. The young, slavic woman at the front desk was very coldly responding to a guest whose entire plan had been upended by an error that the woman behind the desk blithely disregarded.<br/><br/>My bellman just left me with my (heavy, large) bags.<br/><br/>The room has a loud buzzing sound coming from behind the walls. This is a suite and it sounds like I'm under a motor.<br/><br/>The carpets, chairs, etc...are quite dated, threadbare, dirty, etc...<br/><br/>Very poor impression so far. 
239521616	 We had a wonderful time at this hotel. The staff is very friendly and great on recommendations for restaurants. The valet was so nice! Everything was worth it! Would definitely visit again! The style of the hotel is just beautiful. 
238978535	 The room was attractive, the staff were very supportive and went out of their way to help us several times, the location is perfect for seeing everything in DC, and the amenities were first rate. We will stay there again. 
238959136	 It was a good hotel, its very pretty and the room service food is awesome :) They always have cookies in the lobby which I loved. Its probably the 3rd best hotel i've been in washington d.c and im always there. Its really close to georgetown which I love and theres lots of great resturants. The only cons is that its really pricey for you to get internet $13.99 I think and parking is also expensive. 
238662833	 I stayed recently at this wonderful property on business and I am usually not the &quot;review writing&quot; type of person! However this experience just called for it! Every single staff member I encountered was welcoming and anticipated my requests! Especially the Front Office staff stood out with their willingness to go above and beyond on every encounter! Great hotel and great staff! Looking forward to my next stay! 
238307354	 I reserved a room through Hotwire 2 months prior to arriving for 3 children and 1 adult . I live in NC. I drove to NJ picked up my grandchildren for our first trip to DC. The customer before me was asking if he could be upgraded to a king sized bed. He was told there wasn't any available. We checked in, to my amazement the room had 1 queen size bed. Surely this was a mistake. I returned to desk to explain. The clerk explained because I booked thru a third party I would have to take what was available, my reservation is not finalized until I arrive. HUH!! My grandchildren are 2 boys 14 and 16 and 1 girl who is 11. The clerk offered a cot, there was no room for a cot. I asked for a refund so that I could seek better accommodations. He said he could not refund me, I would have to request a refund from Hotwire. I explained What are we to do, it's not like we live around the corner. He then offered another room with a king sized bed with a cot. I phoned Hotwire to explained the circumstance. The representative asked me why we couldn't sleep in the bed together. I explained my grandsons were 14 and 16. She replied what's wrong with that? So for 3 nights my granddaughter and I had to slept on a cot that was smaller than a twin bed. Sleeping was almost impossible. I would awake early, while the children slept I would get breakfast and take to my room. One morning an employee from the kitchen approached me with a very unsettling facial expression and asked me &quot;where are you going!&quot; I stated to my room, he walked away with no further response. 
249597707	 great location near Dupont Circle, the location can't be beat to see the &quot;real DC&quot; amazing book stores near by tons of restaurants and cafes etc.. lobby is a little small but they gave free Apple cake away in the lobby, nice touch, room was great, no bath tub 
249515974	 I was just a little disappointed by my recent stay at the Fairfax. Although it has recently been renovated, the hotel still seems a little worn somehow. My room was small and felt a little cramped.The heating system was a problem in my room. There was a persistent rattle in the vent and despite turning down the thermostat and the fan running - loudly and constantly - my room was unpleasantly warm. I will say the staff were friendly and helpful. 
249121988	 We spent the first 3 nights of the New Year at the Fairfax. Our stay was absolutely delightful. We were met by an efficient and courteous doorman the moment we stepped out of the taxi and the experience simply got better and better. The front desk experience was interesting and a bit of a contrast. The young woman who checked us in couldn't seem to believe that even though we were from Minnesota that we weren't farmers, asking us more than once. :-) However, the other woman at the front desk was extremely professional and knowledgeable. The Director of the front office, Ertug Ersoy was incredibly welcoming and helpful. He spoke with us on multiple occasions showing a personal interest in us and went out of his way to make our stay a comfortable and enjoyable one. I cannot speak highly enough about how welcome and 'at home' he made us feel. The room was charming - well appointed with an extremely comfortable bed and the housekeeping staff were very professional. We did most of our dining out of the hotel but did have breakfast one morning. The breakfast buffet was substantial and varied. The food was well prepared and the service was outstanding. As this hotel is only a 5 minute walk from Dupont Circle and the metro, its location can't be beat. I would recommend this hotel to any of my friends or colleagues without hesitation as a great place to call 'home' while in DC. 
248959341	 Enjoyed my stay. Room was very well--appointed, &amp; the staff if always very courteous and accommodating. The foodservice on-site is excellent. Usually dine in the pub area, &amp; this offers are very nice variety of small and larger entrees, salads, &amp; appetizers. Recommend the Caesar salad with steak--really outstanding! 
248863282	 We just stayed at The Fairfax again for one night for a show at The Kennedy Center. The Fairfax continues to be a strong choice in DC. We needed two beds and received a corner room that had 2 queen beds and a pull out sofa. The room was very large and comfortable. The staff was attentive at check-in and prompt. The beds were very comfortable. On our way back from the show we stopped in the hotel lounge for night cap. Unfortunately, the hotel bar was sorely lacking. The bar was missing needed liquor. This first drinks made by a gentleman were terrible. The female bartender/waiter made us new drinks that were better. She did not charge us for the first round. A luxury hotel should have a well-stocked bar with knowledgeable bartenders. This is one area the hotel needs to improve, especially one that caters to luxury travelers. Check out was equally efficient and the staff was helpful. I still like this hotel very much and its location is perfect. 
248518797	 We stayed at the Fairfax at Embassy Row for three days with family. Our group consisted of four adults and five kids all under ten years of age. <br/><br/>Service: As soon as we drove up to the front of the hotel, we were immediately greeted by the doorman and a lady from the reception even before we stepped out of our car. The service and friendliness of the staff continued to be remarkable for the rest of our stay. The staff was wonderful with the kids throughout, welcoming them and offering them cookies at check in and chatting with them whenever they would see us coming in and out of the hotel. We had breakfast in the Capitol Room every morning and the staff was always very accommodating. The hotel manager, Ertug Ersoy, approached us at least thrice during our stay to make sure everything was okay. I wish this kind of service and manager involvement could be found in more hotels! <br/><br/>Rooms: We were very pleased with our rooms - Superior Room and the Superior Suite with a separate Parlor connecting both the rooms. So we had three interconnected, spacious rooms between two families. It was fantastic! Beautiful large windows, classic décor… really adds to the feel of being in a historic city. (The hotel was built in 1927 and used to be Ritz Carlton and later Westin before being renovated and reopened under, I believe, it’s current name.) Bathrooms were large and spacious and also had a large window – such a nice change from the dark, closed in bathrooms with a measly exhaust in many recently built hotels. <br/><br/>Location: Five minute walk from Dupont Circle! So many restaurants and cafes within easy walking distance. We didn’t even need to drag the stroller every time we went out. <br/><br/>Thank you to the staff for a wonderful stay! We will definitely be back! 
247949090	 Exellent customer service, everyone of the employe was extremly helpfull from the front desk the doorman, chef personel was wonderful. The beds where so comfotable, room was beatifully decorated. Had Dinner at restaurant was delicious. Would love to stay here over and over again. Was a real treat. 
247497582	 Stayed here with husband in February 2014. Staff was wonderful and accommodating. We were concerned because we were coming in the middle of a blizzard but staff were so helpful in helping us alter plans and even offered cancellation free of charge due to weather despite the fact that we had paid for the room with non-refundable terms. <br/>We had a basic room, it was small but very well decorated. My husband and I loved the American colonial feel of the hotel, especially in the breakfast room. Breakfast was delicious, we ate there every day! <br/>The only drawback is the hotels location which is far from most of the Washington sights. We knew this from the outset but thought we'd get by with DC's efficient subway system. Turned out that the nearby subway stop was not operating during most of our stay so we had to take taxis or looong shuttle buses to get to city center. <br/>Overall, wonderful experience as long as you are expecting a small hotel that is far from most DC attractions. 
247483275	 Excellent location, lots of restaurants/bars in the area, close to subway. Clean rooms, friendly staff and very pleasant experience overall. Parking at the hotel is expensive, consider using other lots in the area. 
247410646	 From the minute we arrived to leaving 5 days later, we enjoyed every bit of our stay at the Fairfax. They were very helpful with sightseeing tips, dinner reservations and hockey tickets. From housekeeping to restaurant staff to concierge and everyone in between, we were made to feel welcome and well taken care of. The hotel is beautiful, quiet and in a great location. We highly recommend the Fairfax. We also found that everywhere we went in DC everyone was so friendly and helpful - we hope to return someday and will definitely stay at the Fairfax. 
247383449	 Clean, comfortable with top notch service. Travel to dc for long weekends and this hotel is remarkable. <br/><br/>Lovely sheets and amenities.<br/><br/>The classic hotel feels like you have transported to past decades without compromising modern amenities . <br/><br/>My go to hotel for wild nights in dc. <br/><br/> 
247287923	 The rooms were great including layout. The manager Mr. Ertug Ersoy and his entire staff was awesome and very professional. Loation was nice. The hotel rooms needs a little remodel specially the bathrooms particularly the light switches, showers and vanities. The only negative things would have to be that the rooms were not totally cleaned and the roomservice was not the best. 
228359680	 This is a lovely traditional hotel. No pounding techno-pop or hipster vibe. And for me that's a good thing. Everything a five-star should be, with all the extras including a coffeemaker in the room (many five-stars don't have them). The breakfast buffet was nice - love all that snowy white linen! Only issue with this hotel is the small rooms. Mine was beautifully appointed and decorated but quite petite. I asked at the front desk if all the rooms were small and I was told yes, some were even smaller than mine. But good price and value considering the location and amenities. 
228194823	 The staff, location and ambience were all excellent. The hotel exceeded my expectations, beginning with a prompt check-in to my room even though I had arrived early. I look forward to staying here during my next visit to Washington DC. 
228007627	 My wife and totally enjoyed our stay at the Fairfax Embassy Row. We were given a great price at a deluxe suite and then upgraded to a larger one at no cost. The promotional package included free internet, free buffet breakfast for two (very good), and two free Metro passes each day worth $29. Housekeeping was excellent and the hotel looks like it was recently remodeled. Dupont Circle is our favorite neighborhood to stay in DC. It is vibrant, fun. loaded with great eateries and shops, and the hotel was a block from the Metro. All in all a great experience! 
227966819	 We visited our friend in Washington DC and found this hotel on Booking.com for a good rate in a great location. The staff was warm and welcoming through out our stay. The location was wonderful. We were easily able to walk to many restaurants and the train station for any quick trips to the DC sites. I would recommend this property for anyone looking for great location and great service. 
227882711	 The hotel was lovely, the location was great, walking distance to the DuPont Circle subway and shops and restaurants. The hotel staff was courteous and helpful. The room was clean and the beds were comfortable. My young son enjoyed the cookies in the lobby every evening. The only complaint I have is that I wish the wifi was free in the guest rooms as well as in the common areas. The wifi in the lobby was spotty. Also, the valet parking is very expensive, I would recommend using an offsite parking garage if you are driving and you wish to save a bit of $$. 
227671939	 I was met at the door and checked in extremely quickly. The bed was comfortable with a good choice of pillows. There was a good range of toiletries in the bathroom. It was good to have a comfortable chair, and a desk, and a big tv with good reception. My room service meal was of a good standard. There were cookies in the lobby. I really couldn't fault this hotel overall. 
246517906	 to DuPont Circle amenitites and the foreign embassies. My problem with the hotel was that as a member of the Starwood (SPG) I thought that I would be given a good room. I stayed there AFTER Christmas and the re was considerable availability. That is empty rooms. When I cehcked in the woman at the Reception desk took an unusually long time to &quot;find&quot; a room for me. And you can guess where it was located. It was a back room with a window looking right into another room in the back with loud noises coming from something (air conditioning/heating unit?). I did not complain but I thought that while a participant in the SPG, I would get something better. Since I was so busy with my work, I did not say anything. I would advise those who are using hotel reservation programs to insist on getting the best room available and not settle for the &quot;Priceline&quot; room anymore. Also I thought that paying for internet access was passe. Apparently not here. Another downer! 
246450380	 We spent 4 nights at the hotel with another family - all together we were 4 adults and 5 kids. The management did an excellent job of understanding our situation when we booked (even before i spoke to them on the phone) - they sent us an emailing honoring our request for connecting rooms. Closer to our check in date they sent another email letting us know they had upgraded our rooms and kept them connecting! That was a wonderful surprise! And if that wasn't enough when i called to ask about the parking situation the person answering at the front desk recognized my reservation. I can't say enough about the personal touch the management offers! It continued when we checked in and throughout our stay. They are very committed to the experience of each guest! The Capital room had an awesome breakfast buffet and accommodated our group of 9 each morning around 9:30am and never rushed us to leave even as it was pushing 11am - infact they continuously offered us coffee refills. The rooms are luxurious and comfortable - everything we would expect from an SPG cat 5. Good air quality which can be important when spending multiple nights away from home! Rooms are private, bathrooms clean, great coffee and tea in room, linens clean and new and we got our newspapers each morning. Also the Valet was awesome - our car was downstairs each time without us having to wait for it! The valet parked it at the front to the side so we could take our time getting the kids in. The service was impeccable and location unbeatable. 
246422971	 Don't usually like to review a place a second time, but this hotel is such a peaceful sanctuary and is in such an ideal location for a short visit to the city, well, I just couldn't resist. Arrived on Christmas morning and was able to check in early. The front desk couldn't be more pleasant. All of the staff seems to take that extra step to make you feel welcome. The rooms aren't the largest, but the king bed was great, the bathroom first class and plenty of hot, hot water in the shower. You pay for the wifi but it was more than than fast enough to stream ESPN3. Yes, there will be a third visit, but I promise -- no more reviews. 
246412899	 This hotel is my home away from home. I honestly spend nearly two months a year here on business. So, I know almost all of the staff by name, and they all know me and my wife. Almost every person at this hotel is special in their own way, which is one of the reasons that I don't stay at the Ritz, the Park Hyatt, or any of the other great hotels in Washington. For me, the Fairfax is home because of the people and its location; close to Dupont Circle and the center of Washington, but far enough away from both to be quiet and relaxing.<br/><br/>Plus, there is the history and charm of this wonderful building, literally on Embassy Row. In an earlier incarnation, this was the Washington Ritz Carlton. Even earlier, it was an upscale apartment building, where Al Gore lived as a young man. You can't trade these things for soul-less luxury.<br/><br/>Almost every room is spacious and tastefully furnished. The beds, bedding, bathrooms and furnishings are all high quality. I'm always comfortable at the Fairfax and I always sleep well.<br/><br/>As an SPG Platinum member, I often choose to have the complimentary breakfast which is served in the wood-paneled Capital Room, with linen table cloths, napkins, nice china and silverware. The waiters are usually dressed better than the patrons, and I always feel like a King having breakfast. For those who want outside breakfast options, there is a Starbucks 100 feet away, and the excellent Bagels, Etc. on P Street.<br/><br/>The Fairfax Grille and Lounge is a wonderful place for lunch or an evening cocktail. It is a hidden gem. I confess to spending too much time in this beautiful space.<br/><br/>My only complaint about the Fairfax (as with so many hotels) is the poor internet. WIFI speed averages 1 or 2 Mbps, which is 90% slower than most WIFI speeds at home. It's too slow to watch videos and forget about any big downloads. Couldn't Starwood to better at a Luxury Collection property? (I'm currently writing this from the Budapest Le Meridien where the internet speed is 55 Mbps... more than 50x faster than the Fairfax... and this is Hungary, not the United States!)<br/><br/>Finally, the Fairfax is aging, just like me. I'd like to think that I'm classically elegant but aging, just as I titled this review! If so, that's great. There will be a day in the not too distant future when the Fairfax will be renovated. I am not in a rush to see this. I hope it will continue to celebrate its history and charm, and that I will still be able to afford the new and improved Fairfax whenever that may be.<br/><br/>Until then, to all of the wonderful people at this hotel, who have become my family away from home, thank you for all of your many kindnesses. I wish the best to each of you and your families and look forward to seeing you again soon! 
246219531	 Just enjoyed a great post-Xmas weekend w my wife. Negotiated an unbelievable price w a little help from Hotels.com w extra thanks to the ultra polite and highly competent phone rep on property. Bellman helped me find free nearby parking, tho you shouldn't expect to get as lucky as we did. $53/night charge if you have to valet -- OUCH. That said... Great room, excellent restaurant service, and interaction w many staff who clearly enjoy their work. A big win. 
245728086	 What a perfect hotel. Just the right size for the staff to recognize you each time you return from a day touring DC. Lovely decorated room with everything you need for a comfortable stay. Right by DuPont Circle. Great galleries. Good shopping and don't miss the small Phillips Museum right across the street. If you are going to spend most of your time on the DC mall area I suggest another hotel nearer to those sites 
181555326	 Lovely and serene with the intimacy of a small hotel once you step out of the busy street, five minutes walk from DuPont Circle - lots of restaurant choices within walking distance. Staff is friendly and eager to lend a hand. 
181531463	 The hotel is situated on a quiet corner in downtown DC. My stay was nice and the staff was friendly. The hotel restaurant was tasty as well. Though it's a big hotel, the setting is intimate. If you're looking for a more lively atmosphere, this isn't the hotel for you. With the Fairfax at Embassy Row, you'll get a lovely, clean, comfortable hotel room and courteous service in a quiet, homey environment. 
181473201	 We were very comfortable here for our four night stay. Exceptional features include: very comfortable bed; windows that open; in-room refrigerator free of pesky mini-bottles and snacks; very helpful, pleasant staff; choice of daily newspaper; cozy bar with nice tucked away spots for private cocktails and conversation. The location I don't think could be better just steps from the Metro and dozens or shops and restaurants, not to mention museums and galleries. DuPont Circle is a friendly, central, and pleasant area of town to stay. My only criticism is that WiFi is an extra charge. 
181205811	 Starwood and the Luxury Collection have really stepped up their game with this property. My stay was three nights right as the Cherry Blossoms were in full bloom. The new SPG iPhone app showed my room type (upgraded) three days before check-in...which was pretty great. <br/><br/>My praise:<br/>- Was upgraded to a Deluxe Suite which was incredibly spacious, comfortable and functional---big bathroom, big desk, TVs in both rooms. Room was clean and well kept. Towels in the bathroom are super soft and huge. <br/>- They use Remede toiletries which is the same as Starwood's most upscale brand (really awesome stuff). Get a couple of sets to take with you for use at other hotels. <br/>- Staff is incredibly accommodating, professional and on-point. One morning I asked concierge for collar stays. None. Later that day he stopped me as they had gone to Brooks Bros to stock up. <br/>- Old school charm (dark woods, florals) that I like every-so-often. <br/>- Strong WiFi (although at a cost for everyone other than Platinum members)<br/>- Great area of town - steps from Metro, tons of wonderful restaurants and a CVS.<br/>- AC is strong and gets cold (for those of use who like that).<br/>- I can see how light sleepers may have some trouble. Being in a major urban area, there's a lot of noise, but the windows could use re-sealing. <br/><br/>Areas of Improvement:<br/>- Pillows are mega soft feather. If you really need a supportive foam pillow, bring it yourself (bc they don't have it). <br/>- While I appreciate the &quot;complimentary continental breakfast&quot;...it's really underwhelming here. For $10 extra, you can get full breakfast which adds only watery eggs, potatoes and bacon sausage. Not worth it. <br/>- Wine reception on Tues for Gold/Platinum members. They could really take this up several notches to make the frequent stayers feel at home.<br/><br/>One last piece of advice. Lock your hotel door when you're in your room. Specifically, know that they have a great turndown service. Let's say, maybe, you're taking a shower in your room and you've neglected to lock the door (and/or put up privacy sign). If you're in the shower, and you're startled by a noise in your room, you may step out of shower to check out said noise...and there may (just may) be a maid in the room turning down your bed. Oh my stars! 
180838429	 We stayed here for three nights and found that the hotel is in an excellent location. Close to Dupont Circle with lots of restaurants to choose from. The hotel room was quite large and the bathroom had a nice shower area. The bed was very comfortable. The a/c worked fine and was quiet. The staff were very pleasant and helpful with maps and directions. Free WiFi is not included. I would stay here again. 
180493705	 We were there for a wedding. Very nice room (expensive). Valet parking is $40 / day.<br/><br/>The only restaurant is the bar - menu is fairly limited. Food (dinner) was just OK - not prepared as described on the menu. Their restaurant is only open for breakfast<br/><br/>WiFi is also expensive. 
189386350	 My family and I stay at the Fiarfax every year over the Christmas Holidays when we are in town to visit my family. The Fairfax is a beautifully restored and mainatined classic hotel very conveniently located right by the Dupont Circle Metro station and walking distance to the KStreet Corridor. The staff are very friendly and helpful. Just beware that overnight valet parking is a steep $40 a night. there are plenty of casual restaurants, a Starbucks, a deli, and a liquor store all around the corner on P Street. 
189384861	 This hotel is very nice from the outside and the inside as many guests have pointed out is dated but that's what gives the hotel a historical feel. The check-in process could have been a little bit better as they seemed understaffed. Being that it was a Saturday at prime check-in time I let this pass. The room itself was very spacious which I will get to later on. There is a walk in closet, chair with ottoman, and a bedside mini sofa. All of the furnishings were kept to give the hotel a historical feel as I've heard it was recently renovated. Our room had the worst view which looked out to a brick wall and a truck docking station which looked like a scene from Law and Order SVU. This didn't bother us much since it gets dark at 5pm and it was raining. The closet had two umbrellas which was great being that it rained the entire time. The one issue I did have was how far away the TV was from the bed. I guess this is why they have a mini sofa by the end of the bed and another chair but call me old fashioned but I like to watch TV in bed before I sleep and after I wake up. The bed to the tv is about 15-20 feet away I would say. This hotel definitely has charm and I would love to return. The only thing I would change is during the check-in process I would ask for a nicer view. 
189181636	 I've wanted to stay at The Fairfax at Embassy Row, and took a chance on a recent DC business trip. You cannot beat its convenient location in the heart of Dupont Circle. In addition to the Metro, there are ample services and eating establishments within a five-minute walk. The surrounding neighborhoods - and their grand embassies and brownstones - are also fun to check out.<br/><br/>The hotel itself was much what I expected. It's a classic, older, eight-story building with clean but dated corridors. Check in was quick and efficient. My room, a Deluxe Suite with separate living area, bedroom, and bath, was very comfortable (though the furnishings are a bit stale in design...they are not historical) and had good wireless access and a well-appointed bed. Although desks are in both the living room and bedroom, neither were suitable for work. <br/><br/>Overall, I enjoyed my two nights and appreciated the opportunity to experience The Fairfax and the surrounding Dupont Circle neighborhood. However, with many other options in DC and the beltway, I might look into other Starwood properties for business travel. 
189060337	 The location is great. The front desk seemed overwhelmed and understaffed. With the holiday, the hotel was full to capacity. The check-in area is very small and one person at the desk was not enough with people in line waiting for a long time! Also, the front desk was fielding<br/>all the phone calls coming in from the hotel so they kept getting interrupted. We never ever saw a person at the Concierge Desk. The rooms are very small. The rooms at the back are very dark and look right into windows of the other part of the hotel. Ask for a view of Mass. Ave. We did encounter a lot of noise with some young children running up and down the hallways slamming doors. Guess some parents let their kids run wild. We were moved to a quieter room which we did appreciate.<br/>The staff does try very hard especially the doormen and housekeeping. They were very <br/>pleasant. Children in the bar in their pajamas later in the evening was a bit off-putting as well.<br/>We were on a get-away weekend so it was not what we had hoped. 
189039461	 We have lived in and travelled to DC for many years and were surprised to find this hotel fit our needs so well after trying so many others over the years. The hotel rooms are clean and well appointed with quality linens and comfortable beds and chairs. The bathroom was laid out well even though it was small with only a shower for bathing. There is an attention to material details and to service from staff that is pitch perfect without being overbearing. The manager of this hotel has set just the right tone to make it the place to which we will return again and again. 
188841353	 We stayed here for 5 nights and will definitely come back next time we are in the area. The hotel is beautiful and located in a relatively quiet neighborhood with many restaurants, coffee shops, etc. nearby. It is convenient to both Georgetown as well as tourist attractions along the mall--a long walk or a short cab or metro ride will get you where you need to go. The restaurant in the hotel was good but over priced. However, every single person we encountered that was employed at this hotel gave us the most amazing service. Seriously, The Fairfax wrote the book on exceptional customer service! 
132350817	 Very good location and neighborhood. Not cheap, but this is an expensive city to stay in. The staff was polite and helpful. I had a corner room which was nice cos it was larger than typical, but the view was pretty bad as it looked into the aircon cooling towers. The king bed was very comfy, linen was superb. Aircon was a bit noisy - not the fan noise, but the constant cutting in and out. Room had a small walk-in wardrobe, but there wasnt much drawer storage space.<br/>The bathroom was ok - one basin but plenty of counter space. The shower was a bit narrow, but deep. Water temp and pressure was fine. I would definitely stay again without a doubt when i return to DC. The neighborhood is vibrant, plenty of restaurants nearby. Short walk to Dupont Circle subway metro stop. No free wifi - at this price level, throwing it in would be a nice gesture. 
132347924	 The terrific staff was always on the alert &amp; eager to please...my granddaughter felt like Eloise at the Plaza! Given a short stay, I value time, easy access to the metro for sightseeing, i.e. the White House, museums, restaurants and a big, comfortable room for an easy sleep. Highly recommend as a good deal! 
132130551	 Stayed 3 nights in DC for a bit of a history trip for our son. We loved this location in Dupont Circle. Easy walk to the Metro Station and lots of great restaurants and coffee shops. We loved the doorman who quizzed our son everyday when we returned to see what he had learned. He made him feel very special. The staff were very helpful when asked for directions or recommendations.<br/><br/>The only complaint I had was that they gave us a handicap room. Now I know there's a lot more space in the room but the shower was a bit of a challenge. We would have preferred a room with a tub. My husband is tall and trying to get the shower wand to stay put at the top of the bar was not easy. My son frequently flooded the whole bathroom if we weren't careful because of the open concept and short curtain. Maybe they could have mentioned that at check-in. We didn't notice it until we had unpacked some of our stuff and the thought of asking for another room wasn't important enough to pack up and move. So overall, not a big deal.<br/><br/>I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to our friends and family. 
132039017	 A beautiful place. Formerly the Ritz Carlton back in the day. Great service and terrific Dupont Circle location. One word of caution: the restaurant 2100 Prime is a huge disappointment. Service was unprofessional (waiter could barely speak English) and didn't even acknowledge our comments about how disappointing the food was, much less offer to make things better somehow. The food was the big problem. In early June when one orders mozzerella and prosciutto, it shouldn't come to the table baked into submission, it should be served cold and fresh. This thing was distinctly unappetizing. This is a steak place and though we were the first diners of the evening, we were told that they only had one piece of rib-eye left. That was worrying and when it arrived heavily sauced, we should have suspected it was to cover the fact that it had been sitting around for some time. Please do yourself a favor and walk around the block to the myriad choices of places in the Dupont Circle neighborhood.<br/>Please also note that if you book this place through hotels.com or Expedia, you will not be awarded your Starwood Preferred points. Nice way to alienate your best customers. 
131833256	 Loved this hotel! Great location/neighborhood, very good price (i booked through the Starwood Hotels site directly), staff was wonderful and rooms were so charming. I had booked the cheapest room since i was only in town for one night. the room still felt so spacious and the bathrooms were so luxurious feeling. I would definitely stay again without a doubt when i return to DC. The neighborhood is so vibrant, great places to eat, the DC subway metro stop was 2 blks away making travel into the downtown of DC so easy. I don't know, maybe i was caught up in the charm of it all, but i don't care. i left there wanting to return so badly. i hope other people have a great experience there. 
131552849	 A lovely place to stay in Washington, DC. Clean, charming and lots of character. Friendly staff. Great location. 
222162217	 Our family spent two nights as part of our vacation. From the moment we arrived to the moment we left it was a great stay. The rooms were extremely clean and a good size. The hotel is very nicely decorated and very centrally located. We walked only a few blocks to find a large selection of restaurants. What really separates this hotel from others is the staff. They are the best. Everyone was genuinely helpful and friendly. We will be going back to DC in the near future and the Fairfax is where we will be staying. 
221899039	 I spent 3 days at the Fairfax with my 2 kids. Despite the very convenient location, be aware that the hotel is old is has paper thin walls and you will hear EEVRYTHING in the rooms next to you. We also discovered that if there is a venue next door, a moving truck will move tables, chairs and garbage up to 3 am. You will have the joy to hear everything joke, burps and drinks that a crew of 10 will have under your window. To sum it up, out of 3 nights, we could not sleep at all for 2. Good luck enjoying the town with your kids when you could not sleep for 2 nights. <br/>Watch out for week end stays, as you will share the hotels with screaming guests in drunken stupor. Front desk didn't seem to care.We will never come back to the Fairfax. 
221885890	 The hotel is an older hotel. Location is two blocks from Dupont Circle and the metro. A few places to eat are 1 block away (not cheap). There is a CVS at the circle. The lobby is small for what is to be a &quot;high end&quot; hotel. The carpet is old but no torned. Plenty of elevators. The hotel has 8 floors. Rooms ending in 30's (X30 - X39) through the 6 floor will face the building next door about 20 feet away from the window. Rooms in the 40's will face Massachussets Ave. The standard romm is approximately 12X14 with the bathroom being 8X7. Both were extremely clean. The room has a mini fridge, coffee maker, iron, iron board, free safe and hair dryer. Plenty of towels and ammenities are provided including robes and slippers. Room Internet is 12.95 a day and there is no breakfast included. The TV is 32 inch with approximately 30 channels. The airport (DCA) is approximately 6 miles away and the cab fair is approximately $25. The white house and monuments are about a $15 cab ride. Over all the experience was good however, I was expecting better. 
221859300	 The Fairfax is a charming hotel with an interesting history (ask at the front desk and they will give you a printout describing the hotel's past). The location, near Dupont Circle, is convenient for travelling and dining. The rooms are small but comfortable. The cleaning staff was friendly and accommodating with regards to the best time to clean our room. Staff was friendly and were calling us by name towards the end of our stay. However, $12,99/day for internet access seemed excessive, There is, however, free WiFi in the lobby. Parking is likewise pricey, but there is no need for a car with the Metro station just a few blocks away. We had one snafu which marred an otherwise perfect stay. We had arranged for a package to be delivered on the day of arrival of another guest, as a gift for a special occasion. Even though they had noted it in their computer, they nevertheless forgot to give the package to the guest. Other than that, we enjoyed our stay and would recommend it without reservation. 
221793418	 We stayed at the Fairfax at Embassy Row for a conference I was scheduled to attend in DC. The hotel was conveniently located to Dupont Circle. The location couldn't be beat. It was within walking distance of great restaurants, the Metro, etc. If a great location wasn't enough, the staff at the Fairfax were truly exceptional. They certainly put customer service first and it can be seen from all of their staff. Their hospitality is sensational. I would highly recommend staying here if you are visting DC. 
221736518	 Good location near Dupont Circle but otherwise mediocre hotel.<br/><br/>My room was small and th bathroom minuscule and very cramped. Lighting in the bedroom was poor and despite intensive searching there seemed to be no way to turn on the bedside lights.The table was very small for working on and completely covered in magazines, hotel folders, and exorbitantly priced minibar menu etc. When will hotels learn that clear uncluttered working space is a high priority for business travelers?<br/><br/>Internet access is expensive - to charge at all when most hotels provide this for no extra charge gives an impression of meanness that is reinforced by a $2 charge for a cardboard cup of take away coffee from the dining room.<br/><br/>Breakfast was average - and expensive in relation to the quality of the food and the competence of the service.<br/><br/>The gym is OK but the equipment looks and feels tired. 
37060950	 The Fairfax is now my top choice for DC accommodations. I'm not fond of its old-style decor and prefer the modern Westin and W brands in the Starwood chain. However, I found the room comfortable: good bed, nice linens, large bathroom. Although small, the room was well-arranged, didn't feel cramped, and had a nice sofa. The location is convenient: two minutes from the Du Pont Circle Metro stop and lots of restaurants yet very quiet. My only complaint: no complimentary bottled water for SPG Gold members, but no biggie, a CVS was a block away.<br/><br/>Service: The check-in was a bit slow (only one person tending the desk and the phones), and it took awhile for the engineer to come open my in-room safe that was left locked by the previous guest. However, the concierge was very helpful with late-night dinner suggestions and arrangements, and the bell staff were always there to help hail a cab or carry your bags.<br/><br/>Amenities: I didn't have time to check out the gym, and I didn't eat at the restaurants, so I can't comment on them. I didn't use the hotel's wireless Internet, but I have to say that I didn't get a very strong signal using my Verizon mobile broadband device.<br/><br/>Other reviewers have commented that the Fairfax is not worth its Luxury Brand rating. I would agree and say that the Luxury Brand is somewhat of a misnomer and likely overrated, at least in the U.S. I've stayed at the Palace Hotel in San Francisco, another Luxury Brand hotel, and although it has a gorgeous lobby, the sleeping rooms leave a lot to be desired. In my experience, Luxury Brand properties are often less expensive than the Westin brand (which is why I book them for business trips). The only hotels worth their Luxury Brand billing that I've stayed at were the Laguna Resort in Bali and the Grand Hotel in Florence, Italy.<br/><br/>But back to the Fairfax: It's a good choice if you're looking for a comfortable, well-situated hotel that offers good value. 
36598120	 I am a frequent traveler to DC and I move @ on hotels typically taking one of the low cost leaders. I was able to secure The Fairfax and I know the area extremely well and it was a great stay. Usually stay at the Cosmos Clun across the street so I was able to hop off the metro late at night and walk 2 blocks to the hotel.<br/><br/>I used to know this as the Westin on Embassy Row so I really don't know the difference but the stay was great. Nice and easy check in, I had a couple of questions and they were right on top of it. Beautiful elevator brought me to the 8th floor and it was a good sized room for downtown DC. Bedding and everything in bathroom was top shelf. Wireless did cost $9.95. <br/><br/>Went out for dinner and when I came back there had been a turndown service complete w/ music, shades drawn, ice in the holder, chocolates on the bed and it was just great. The place was immaculate and check out was easy. Could downgrade slightly for the cost of wireless, but the place was just too nice. Five stars for this visit. 
36279150	 the staff is excellent and this hotel is close to everything 
35876077	 I live just outside of DC and surprised my husband with a night away at this hotel and it exceeded my expectations. The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly, the lobby is impressive and inviting and we were able to find street parking nearby (rather than pay the $30 per night the hotel charges). The hallway to our room was even well-appointed and bright and beautifully decorated. The room was luxurious and a perfect size. One of the nicest hotels I've stayed in for the price. I'd defintely go back. My only complaint is that when we asked them to apply points to my husbands' starwood membership when we checked out they said they couldn't because I had booked the reservation. We have the same last name so this was annoying. Hotel itself was wonderful though and surrounding restaurants were also great and easily within walking distance. 
35525152	 The Fairfax hotel delivers a reasonably luxurious experience in a great location in DC. <br/>Here's what we experienced....<br/>Pros:<br/>- Great location near Dupont Circle and, if you are able-bodied, a good 20-25 minute walk to the middle of the mall or to Georgetown.<br/>- Cordial, friendly, responsive staff (front desk, bell staff , phone operator/guest services)<br/>- Excellent service in the Jockey Club restaurant; yeah it could be considered pricey.<br/>- Very nice breakfast and breakfast service (full breakfast will run you around 50 bucks for 2)<br/>- Older building with traditional interior if you are looking for a change of pace from modern design (we like modern but the traditional worked well considering the location)<br/>- Nice bed linens and pilows<br/>- Great water pressure and lots of hot water<br/>- Nice soap/bathroom ameneties and huge superabsorbent bath towels<br/>- GREAT acknowledgement of Platinum status SPG: we were fortunate to be upgraded to a nice 2 room suite on the 7th floor even though we used points for the entire stay. We received a very ample fruit basket and high end bottled water- delivered to the room<br/>- Flat screen screens<br/>- Relatively quiet part of town (our room was very quiet but we are not sure if those on lower floors get the street noise<br/>- Walking distance to good restaurants and Starbucks (a block away)<br/>- Functional Gym with new cardio equipment and a set of dumbells up to 50 pounds (it appears they had a complete set up to 65 based on the weight rack but the weights over 50 were missing)<br/><br/>Cons<br/>- The bed was OK but it was definitely not a real pillow top. It was somewhat firm. The nice linens and pillows helped make it more comfortable. I slept pretty well even though I prefer pillowtops<br/>- Housekeeping did a good job cleaning the room but we only got turn down service on 2 of the 4 nights we were there. When they did it, it was good (chocolates on pillow, slippers on a white mat next to the bed<br/>- We received morning newspapers 2 out of the 4 nights<br/>- 30 bucks a night for parking although that is actually pretty good for DC and the parking on street was hard to come by (but you can find more expensive valet charges in DC)<br/><br/>Someone paying $500 or more a night for a suite would probably have a problem with this uneveness in the turndown service and newspaper delivery but hopefully they are just breaking in some new housekeeping people.<br/><br/>The bottom line is that we enjoyed our stay and the smaller feel of this hotel and we would probably consider staying there again 
34245753	 I usually stay at the Four Seasons when I travel to Washington, so I felt some trepidation when my husband booked our family at the Fairfax Hotel. The Fairfax was having a special price on its nicely renovated rooms: pay full price the first night and pay your birthday the second night. We ended up with a comfortable, quiet suite for which we only paid $46 the second night; a great bargain! The service overall was attentive, friendly and solicitous without being overbearing, and the food at the much-revered Jockey Club was excellent. All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel for a weekend stay for its nicely appointed rooms, superb service and excellent value for the money. 
202236364	 This place is all you'd want in a good hotel--clean, well-appointed, quiet and right next to some great things to do in DC. Works for vacation and works for meetings, It's only a block from the metro and only a block from the Phillips Collection. But the best thing is the staff, who were really friendly, helpful and fun to be around. This is a great place to stay in DC. 
201384694	 I had a long weekend at the hotel with my family and I can state that this stay was really remarkable in terms of the facilities and also the service we received. I have to underline the super friendly and outstanding service we received from the Front Desk team. My adress is clear for my next stays around that area. Thank you... 
200965837	 Room well-furnished, bed very comfortable. Bathroom modern and clean; shower's water pressure is superb. Hotel has classic &quot;old school&quot; decor: dark paneling, framed prints and photos of DC buildings. Hotel quiet and classy. Action is 2 blocks away at Dupont Circle. 
200823104	 I've stayed at this property many times over the years (dating back to its incarnation as a Ritz) and have generally been pleased. This last trip was an exception. My 12 year old and I arrived in the early evening on a Saturday, tired after an overseas flight and looking forward to hot showers and bed. After an excruciatingly long check-in process (20 minutes), the front desk clerk finally found us a room and sent us off -- unescorted. Unfortunately, however, the room he sent us to was already occupied. Yikes! We returned to the front desk and after another 15 minutes or so, we are sent off to another room. This room was small, with an ally view, and lots of wear. There were stains in the carpet and the porcelain on the tub was chipped badly and lousy, tacky patch had been applied. To make matters worse, there seemed to be a number of late night partiers in the hotel. On three separate ocassions in the night, a drunkard banged on our door. It was hellish. 
200770466	 The hotel staff were all very helpful, but I was very impressed that when I left a couple of small but important items in my room the lost and found officer helpfully packaged them up and sent them on to me. I enjoyed my stay as the hotel is in a very good location and the rooms comfortable. 
200435208	 Me, my wife and two kids stayed at this handsome hotel for three nights . The staff was very friendly and welcoming. You need to try the roomservice to see what a good service means. The bell staff opens the doors like automatic doors:)) we never find a chance to touch the doors:)) very kind people working at this hotel. The location Dupont Circle is a super place , in the heart of the city. Will visit this hotel again for sure.... We strongly recommend this luxurious and friendly hotel. 
170706706	 We checked in for a romantic stay. We faced couple small issues at check in and we had some noise neighbors. But the management was very gracious and took action upon our complaint. They moved us to an upgraded room away from the noise. They also made arrangements for us to experience a true memorable stay on the next night. I am a world traveler and I understand that issues will arise, but how management responds is what makes the difference. I am so glad that they made the right call. The Front office manager was very gracious and we had a very enjoyable second night.<br/>I totally recomend the Fairfax hotel if you are looking for a special hotel near the DuPont circle.<br/> 
169521748	 Wow! <br/><br/>This was really a superb experience! I have traveled quite a lot around the world (business and pleasure) and seldom have I seen this good a combination of friendly and efficient service, wonderfully clean and comfortable rooms and a perfect price/quality combination.<br/><br/>The location is great. Two blocks to metro station. The area is very safe, clean and wealthy looking. You can choose wheather to walk downtown or take a metro train. <br/><br/>To be honest, I was expecting for a standard hotel experience but we got much more. My family (2 adults, 3 almost adult teenagers) was greeted superfriendly upon arrival by the bellboy, frontdesk and concierge. The rooms were very good, clean, classy, air condition good, bathroom good. Roomservice very friendly. Breakfast was pricy but tasty.<br/><br/>Somehow every little bit seemed to be a little bit better here than in this hotel than elsewhere. If I would compare this experience to a car - smooth and enjoyable driving : )<br/><br/>P.S. The gym was small but many times better than the ones you often see - cold towels and cold water! 
169081175	 To be fair, I landed here because of an online travel deal. I have no choice. My company squeezes me hard on every expense.<br/><br/>So, right there, I've learned I am not in the target demographic of this hotel. This hotel wants luxury travelers, or executives with free flowing expenses, and I am just the dude who earns the money they spend on a place like this.<br/><br/>The good: clean, good location, expensive but reasonably good wi-fi.<br/><br/>The not-good: as a &quot;travel deal&quot; customer, my first room literally had the garbage dumpsters just outside the window, on the 2nd Floor (along with the conference rooms, the offices, etc.). After swatting the flea on my hand, I went to the desk, and was moved to another floor (albeit in what the fire map assured me was still the smallest room on the floor). <br/><br/>The maid service was as indifferent as I've encountered in 15 years of business travel.<br/><br/>So be it, you get what you pay for. I got a &quot;deal&quot; when I booked my travel, and they made sure I knew it.<br/><br/>My advice: don't think this place doesn't know they gave you a deal, if that's why you're here. I got the tiny room (despite being here mid-week ... &quot;as if&quot; they're full), indifferent service, and $13 extra per day for pokey but serviceable internet access.<br/><br/>Meh. It's a bed. 
169048792	 This hotel is in a great location to see all the DC attractions, I think they must give their staff happy pills because these people are unconditionally pleasant ALL the time. From the assistant front desk manager Julie to the unbelievable Concierge Elizabeth you cannot beat this staff. The hotel is decorated fantastically, the rooms are huge, everything works. The location is great for local restaurants and a nice 30 minute walk to everything. The only thing I would make the manager aware of is the weekend staff in the bar are a noticeable step down in patience and interest, I went in at 11:40 for a nightcap and while speaking to a handicapped gentlemen we were told quite rudely to leave the bar is closing. I experienced another late night drink during the week with Eduardo and he was funny, patient and kind while achieving the same result. All over FANTASTIC team 
168919534	 We were pleased with this hotel. The location can mot be beat, easy walking distance to shops and restaurants. The staff was very helpful. Richard Simon was always our valet and always got our car quickly and with a smile. The restaurant that they have on the property 2100 Prime was OK. The appetizer was great, the main courses were a little bland, but the dessert was good. Would definitely stay again. 
168859725	 This is a super little spot in a lovely part of town. It is an older property yet well maintained. No mini bar but a ver reasonably priced, Quickly delivered, deliciously prepared in room dining option Staff super friendly. Bed very comfy and whole atmosphere quiet. A super value all the way around 
119505560	 Nice hotel, but to be expected for the price. Not very satisfied with the room, good bed, but no closet, no place to put my suitcase and no minibar. And expencive breakfeast. Will not stay here again. 
119496625	 The Fairfax is a small European style hotel that competes with the Jefferson and the Hay Adams. It is enjoyable to stay at despite some draw backs. As the name implies, it is just off DuPont circle and surrounded by embassies. This makes it a fun neighborhood to walk around in. <br/><br/>The hotel's lobby is quite small but there is a nice bar a few steps off the lobby that serves as a meeting place. The front desk staff is insanely good. They went above and beyond on every issue. Not the phony Ritz Carlton concern. I really felt they took ownership of my problems (both of which were of my own making). The same is true of the bellman, and this is the kind of hotel where you feel awkward if you don't use a bellman, plus there are a couple of staIrs to get to the elevator.<br/><br/>I would recommend you try to avoid a queen sized bed, even if you are a single. The queen rooms are tiny and the bathroom is silly small. It is so small that there is no place to put a waste basket and, I suspect, anyone over six feet tall would be unable to comfortably sit on the toilet. <br/><br/>There are three things that drive me nuts about hotels as a frequent business traveler, and all three are present at the Fairfax. First is the lack of electric sockets. The only socket is in the lamp on the tiny little desk. So if you use that for your laptop, you have no place else to plug in your phone (and in my case, a CPAP). To access another socket requires moving the bed and unplugging a lamp. Would it kill hotels to supply a power strip?<br/><br/>The second is the tiny little print on identical looking bottles of shampoo, conditioner, lotion and body wash. Most people dont wear glasses into the shower.<br/><br/>The third is paying for wifi (although the Fairfax's charge is cheap at $9.95 and the wifi is pretty fast).<br/><br/>I had occasion to eat breakfast in the 2100 Prime restaurant (used to be The Jockey Club), lunch in the bar and dinner at 2100. All were excellent and not too expensive by Washington standards.<br/><br/>But, all in, the quality of the people who work at the Fairfax exceeds any of the other problem, and I look forward to staying again 
119333808	 we just completed a weekend stay at the Fairfax. clean rooms, good location near dupont and great service from the manager kent. thanks! 
119290460	 I travelled to Washington DC at the beginning of to view the Solar Decathlon competition and to visit friends. I have been to DC over 10 times and have stayed at some other Starwood properties (W, Westin City Center and Four Points). This was my first time staying at the Fairfax and was mainly drawn to the property by its price ($127, a bargain and not a corporate rate), its proximity to Metrorail and the neighborhood (Dupont Circle / Embassy Row). Travel from DCA airport to the hotel via Metro took about 20-30 minutes and the hotel is two blocks away from the Dupont Metrorail station on the Red line (make sure to exit at the Dupont Circle NORTH / Q Street exit). <br/><br/>When I arrived at the hotel, I was surprised at how small the lobby and check-in area was. There was a minor issue during the check-in process, as another guest with the same name was also staying at the hotel. This issue got resolved after a minute and I proceeded to my room. Be aware that there are a couple of steps to climb before you get to the elevator to get to the rooms. The hotel has employees to assist guests with getting luggage up the steps. Also at check-in, I received a pleasant hand-written note from the Business Travel manager at the hotel. <br/><br/>When I arrived to my room, music was already playing, which was a nice touch. The room itself was a fair size and had great trim details on the ceiling, but the bathroom was quite small and will be mentioned later. The room faced Massachusetts Avenue, a semi-busy street with a bus stop near the hotel. I did not notice the traffic noise, but did hear the bus when it went by. While unpacking, I noticed baby carrots through the mini-bar, which piqued my interest. When I opened the mini-bar, I was surprised to also find blueberries and half of a rotisserie chicken, which were leftover from the previous guests. On my way out to meet up with friends, I informed the front desk of my mini-bar surprise. When I arrived back at the room, a few hours later, the mini-bar had been cleaned.<br/><br/>The bathroom was quite small, with the toilet less than three inches from the side of the bathtub. I did not enjoy of the scent of the shampoo and conditioner provided by the hotel (which smelled like plastic to me). The bathroom did contain very plush and big towels.<br/><br/>I attempted to use the Wi-Fi in the guest room, but had significant problems while trying to access it (it may have been related to another guest with the same name staying at the hotel?). The front desk was eventually able to get Wi-Fi working. The front desk was also able to accommodate a late check-out of 4PM (Note I have Gold SPG status and not sure if they normally accommodate a late check-out at 4PM)<br/><br/>I did not use any of the dining or athletic facilities at the hotel. Dupont Circle, and neighboring Georgetown and Logan have many restaurants to chose from. There is also a Farmer's Market in Dupont on Sundays. <br/><br/>I would say my stay at the Fairfax was average, but not sure if I would return again unless I was able to get a similar price of $127. 
119206236	 Our family of 4 stayed here for 4 nights. The rooms were very nice and the bathroom was very large. The hotel is in a wonderful neighborhood surrounded by beautiful brownstones and next door to the Embassy of Indonesia . The staff was especially friendly towards our two children. A special thank you to the doorman Ahmed who quizzed our son on the historical sites in Washington. All of the staff made us feel welcome. It is so convenient to the metro and lots of great places to eat nearby. I highly recommend the Fairfax to anyone planning to visit the DC area. We will definitely stay here again on our next visit!!! 
119189948	 I have stayed at this property twice recently. It is in a great location right near Dupont Circle. The area is beautiful and it is a quick walk to many spots in town. The staff is always attentive without being pushy. The rooms are spacious and well appointed. It is a quiet, sophisticated hotel. If younger looking for a scene, this is not the place for you. If you are looking for quiet elegance, this this is a good place to start. 
46102340	 My husband and I stayed here with our 5 year old. We got a great deal on the room through another website so our price was significantly less than normal. The hotel is in a great location; a short walk to the Dupont Circle Metro stop. We also walked to Georgetown one evening (a lengthly walk but do-able). Being in DC, your best option in to do the hotel parking because finding street parking nearby is virtually impossible (although a spot did become available about an hour after we checked in!). Parking had been advertised on the website at $30/day and rates must have been raised recently because we were charged $38/day - although we were NOT charged for out check out day. Some hotels will charge that day so although I wasn't happy about the extra $16 I wasn't expecting, I was happy to be given our check out day free. <br/><br/>The staff was super friendly. Some reviews here said they compared to a budget hotel but that was not the case when we were there. The valets/bellhops/check-in greeted us each time we came and went, asking how our day was and even catering to our son. I was very impressed with the staff. <br/><br/>Our room was nice; this is billed as a luxury hotel and I would not classify it as luxury although it is extremely nice. There was an in-room safe, which we were happy about. The room isn't super large but the building is historic (old), but was fine for a long weekend, and with a 5 year old. We brought a sleeping bag for him and we had room enough for that. We stayed in 808 and it looked out onto the back of the building. The flip side of that is we heard little traffic (the front of the hotel faces Massachussets Ave.), which was important since we had a child with us that went to bed early than we did. If you request a room with a view, request one not facing Mass. Ave. to (hopefully) avoid sounds of traffic.<br/><br/>The bathroom has the potential to be luxurious but falls short because it's small. I think if they placed the electrical outlets on the opposite wall (it was on the wall where the door opened into the bathroom), this would help immensely, as I (as a female) had to close the door slightly to have enough room to dry and style my hair (having my arms up holding styling tools). <br/><br/>We did not eat at the restaurant but did have some drinks that we bought at the bar and carried up to the room. A bit pricy ($17 for a mojito that was so-so) but then again, it is DC. Beers were much more reasonably priced than the mixed drinks. <br/><br/>The turn-down service was very nice; Evian water and some chocolates. There was an in-room coffee (single/double cup) that I used each evening and the coffee was good for an instant brew. My only comment on room service is that they replaced our soap with new, unpackaged soap but not our other toiletries. This didn't bother me too much but in 'luxury' hotels, they typically replace toiletries every day, regardless. <br/><br/>This hotel hosted a wedding party/guests and I did hear comments from them in passing that they were happy with the hotel too. <br/><br/>Overall, I would recommend this hotel for a long weekend but not with multiple children. 
45348521	 As a SPG Platinum Member using Free Weekend Night Certificates we were upgraded to Superior Suite 665 Sq feet! Room was great , turn down serice was the best I have ever experienced, the staff was fantastic we were constantly asked if we needed anything and how our stay was going. The Hotel is gorgeous. You can not beat the location very close to Dupont Circle great area to walk and view the Embassy's. Huge restaurant selection with in walking distance. We went by the St Regis and I totally prefer this location. Yes there is a charge for parking but there is everywhere and clearly marked no hidden surprises. We did not eat at the Hotel, did have drinks at the bar and loved it! Highly recommended and will be back! Great Staff!! 
42763604	 This is definitely a hotel where service comes first with staff that is friendly and attentive. The hotel is in a great spot near DuPont Circle and easy access to public transportation. The rooms were nice with period furniture and some luxury appointments that included a very comfortable bed. The Jockey Club restaurant was also good and would recommend for a nice occasion. <br/><br/>As an SPG platinum member, they provided an additional free in-room amenity of Grand Mariner and little desserts. <br/><br/>One extra bonus was the business center where computers with internet access and printing were free. 
42399520	 I have never seen a hotel with so many positive attributes matched by so many negative ones.<br/><br/>Positive: Phenomenally comfortable bed, nice bathrooms, very aesthetically pleasing, steps from Dupont.<br/><br/>Negative: Mediocre gym with very limited equipment (1 elliptical), doofy alarm clock circa 1950s that doesn't allow one to snooze, hotel has the nerve to charge an exorbitant amount PER MINUTE for TOLL-FREE calls, the service - particularly the from the valets - is what one would expect from a Super 8. (It should not take 20 minutes to hail a cab, and the valet should not turn the cab into a jitney without asking the first passenger in if he/she minds.)<br/><br/>On net, I wouldn't stay here. What is annoying is also highly impractical. I found the Hilton Embassy Row across the street much more user-friendly (though their gym would not win any awards either). 
38151377	 Two weeks after I returned home from this hotel, I notced a charge for $60.00 on my card. It was for parking. This was not disclosed at any point. That was for two nights parking. Also, internet service is 10.00 per day, and the outlet near the DSL connection doesn't work-I got internet but could not turn on my computer. They restocked my honor bar one time while I was there. Breakfast for one was 40.00. So, don't fall for a gimicky sale price, because they make it up in other ways. No great shakes for the price. I will say it was clean. That is about it. My beef is that the parking was charged and not disclosed until way later. 
37391258	 The location was perfect less than 2 blocks from the Dupont Circle Metro stop. Restaurants were conveniently located for a quick bite for breakfast or dinner. <br/><br/>The front desk and valet staff were exceptionally helpful. They literally showed us the direction to the metro station made a lot of suggestions for restaurants and etc. <br/><br/>Rooms were clean and beds were comfortable. Decor and building is a little old and bathrooms were a little on the small side. For the price it was decent for DC. <br/><br/>We had two rooms one of the rooms on the 3rd floor that had a view of the building beside us and the other room was on the 8th floor had a view of the city. If you're a light sleeper, you can hear cars and sirens from the street. 
139984444	 On checkout morning the bill that was slipped under the door had two charges for $40 each identifying it as &quot;Guest Hold&quot; charge. After pointing it out they removed the charge and printed a correct bill.<br/><br/>Upon arrive home I logged into my Visa account and found a $91.60 charge with no explanation other than lodging, but the full charge for lodging was there as well. I called on a Friday and left a message at the accounting office, but they did not return my call. I called again on the following Monday, spoke with someone who said he would pass on the complaint, and still they didn't return my call. I finally connect with someone who said he would fix the problem right away. I'm still waiting. 
139762176	 The Fairfax at Embassy Row is now better than before. The Fairfax is currently the best managed Starwood property. I arrived at the end of August 2012 for a Saturday &amp; Sunday stay, and the Front Office Manager Mr. E. Ersoy greeted me himself. The staff has been professionally trained by Mr. Ersoy to protect the security of its guests and, at the same time, make everyone feel they are treated like family. In addition, the neighborhood is a pleasant area to walk, see beautiful homes and enjoy gardens. The Dupont Circle metro station is 5 minutes away, the Phillips Collection (my favorite DC Museum) is across the street from the hotel, and historic Georgetown is very near. Whether you are a couple, a single traveler or a family, this D.C. neighborhood will be your best choice, and I assure you Mr. Ersoy will make your stay comfortable and memorable. I had the perfect weekend getaway thanks to the entire staff. 
139738016	 We just finished a weeklong vacation stay at the Fairfax at Embassy Row. The service and staff were outstanding and friendly from the first moment we arrived. The concierge desk (shoutout to Peter) was extremely helpful in providing tips on the Metro, restaurants and all other questions we had. When we came back from our daily excursions the staff always made us feel like we were coming back home. <br/><br/>The first night we had an A/C compressor issue with the room, and the noise made it almost impossible to sleep. When the atttempted fix did not work, they gladly changed our room to accomodate us for the balance of our stay.<br/><br/>The waitstaff at 2100 Prime was first rate, very engaging and provided outstanding service.<br/><br/>The Fairfax is a great property. It is a block away from the DuPont Circle Metro station, so getting around DC for the week was very easy. I highly recommend the property for a stay in the DC area. 
139612819	 I stayed at the Fairfax the September 1st through the 6th; it was pretty busy due to Labor Day Weekend; however, overall it was a good experience and I would stay here again.<br/><br/>A couple observations:<br/><br/>The front desk staff and concierge are excellent. Upon arriving I asked for a &quot;quiet room&quot; away from elevators, etc. and they thoughtfully honored my request and gave me what turned out to be a great room. Moreover, Peter, and another lady whose name I can't recall, provided great recommendations for where to eat and what to do in the immediate area. Good work!<br/><br/>The room was clean and quiet for the most part, although the doors are not easy to shut without a &quot;slam&quot; and the air conditioning was a bit noisy; however, it drowned out the usual hotel noise during a busy weekend/week.<br/><br/>I particularly liked the historic nature of the hotel, which was built in 1927, and has quite a storied past. <br/><br/>The hotel is located on the &quot;red line&quot; and is generally convenient to most attractions. The Dupont Circle neighborhood is great: embassy's; museums; eccentric / eclectic restaurants; and, gives you that &quot;local&quot; feel. 
139601203	 I spent three nights with my family (my wife and two kids) and although our expectations, having regard to previous reviews, were high, they have far from being disappointed. Even though I was used to stay at another SPG property, i.e. The Westin Goergetown, I decided this time to stay in one of the liveliest quartier in the Capital city, and I made by all means a right decision. Notwithstanding a stiff welcome at the check-in, everything improved very quickly. We could manage to modify our initial booking switching from a suite to two connecting rooms. The staff, reception (first and foremost the front-desk manager) as well as the doormen were highly - and smiling - helpful. Room service and housekeeping were just perfect; rooms were large enough and very well equipped so to satisfy even our whimsical desires. True, they could be updated, but maybe they would loose their charme d'antan. Last but not the least (by far), I cannot but outline a person who happened to be solicited very often by us during our stay, i.e. the concierge (Mr Peter Gill). Truly our culinary Cicero, he introduced us to the hidden gastronomical gems in town; his competent and smiling assistance surely contributed to make this hotel a gem. Thank you again. Of course, we will come back again and we will disseminate the among friends this address. 
139359479	 My husband, son and I stayed at this hotel for one night. We were met with smiles from the time we arrived at the front door to until we left the next morning. We found the hotel to be very clean and beautifully renovated. Our room, a suite, was on the fourth floor. We had a nice view of some of the embassies. There were beautiful draperies, crown molding and wallpaper, all tastefully done. We needed sheets for the pull-out sofa and instead of an employee handing them to us at the door the housekeeping staff member came in and made the bed up perfectly. Things like this set a hotel apart from others. I had left a clothing bag in the closet by mistake. I realized this about 3 hours later. I called and was put in touch with security. They had my bag and arranged to ahve it sent to my next location (at my cost). The security official was extremely great about the whole thing and when I called back to check up on the status of my bag I was treated well then too. This hotel has two things going for it - 1. great staff, and 2. its beautiful. 
225552893	 Very well decorated hotel, with very nice furniture and with nice little extras. The service was also good. The bathroom had one of the best showers we found during our holidays.<br/>There was free internet in the lobby, but the internet in the room was very expensive. It was a bit weird because the lobby (that had only 3 or 4 seats) was many times full of people accessing internet.<br/>The room wasn’t soundproof. We could ear all the noise in the hotel corridor. 
224744100	 We arrived at the hotel at 10 am after an overnight flight from San Diego, California. Although check-in time was not until 3pm, and the hotel was almost fully booked, the front office staff and the director himself, Ertug, went the extra mile to find us a grand deluxe room with a large bathroom and the best view! Housekeeping was contacted to work on our room right away, and while we waited, we were treated to a full american breakfast. I can't say enough about the hospitality they afforded us. Even &quot;Rama&quot;, who took care of our luggages, was brilliant! The Fairfax is a luxury hotel in a fantastic location in Dupont Circle, and this stay was such a pleasure! We've already booked our next stay here. 
224300570	 Stayed here for a quick weekend getaway, and the location was perfect. It was easily accessible from the Metro, and surrounded by shops and restaurants. Everything was easy to get to on foot. The hotel itself is older, but not &quot;old&quot; feeling. It has been updated (or kept up) very nicely. The room was spacious, and the bathroom was very elegant in appearance. I did have issues with housekeeping, however. When I arrived, there was a very noticeable spider web in the room, and one of the vanity lights was out in the bathroom. Over the course of my weekend stay, neither issue was addressed. Also, my room faced an alley, and every garbage truck (or any other truck that beeps when backing up) could be heard clearly in my 6th floor room. None of these things negatively impacted my stay, but I did want to mention them in case they would bother someone else. I didn't use the restaurant or bar, but room service breakfast was great. The food was delicious and the portions were HUGE. Also, the staff was extremely pleasant, polite, and knowledgeable (especially the front desk staff and the bellmen). I wouldn't hesitate to pick this hotel for future trips to the DC area. Other than the housekeeping issues and the lack of free internet, this was an absolutely perfect stay. 
223856155	 We arrived at the hotel at 4:00 AM after our flight just to find out our room was overbooked and we're sent to a nearby hotel. Besides that, hotel service and experience was great. Our room was really nice with comfortable bed. Very great deal! 
223161294	 We stayed here for two nights in June 2014, ahead of my business trip to Tyson's Corner. We chose The Fairfax at Embassy Row for the location near Dupont Circle, which afforded easy access to the various areas of the city we explored and provided a dynamic but safe neighborhood at night.<br/><br/>As some have previously mentioned, the hotel is an older property, but rather than feel old, it had a palpable historic grandeur. We stayed in a Deluxe Suite with a King bed, which seemed enormous: a very well sized sitting area, a slightly smaller bedroom, and a huge bathroom with double sinks and tub. <br/><br/>The staff was on the whole very kind and professional, and we got great tips from the bellmen and valet staff. We had a rental car, but also utilized the near by metro to get to the Smithsonian and Capitol areas. The Dupont Circle area is great for restaurants, which was a large factor in our decision making process to stay at the Fairfax, and we were not disappointed. <br/><br/>Finally, a few other reviewers commented about the price and value for money proposition at this hotel. If historic-type properties are not of interest and you'd prefer a more modern aesthetic, then the Fairfax is not the hotel for you. D.C. is interesting and all hotels can be priced at such a premium: when we stayed at the Fairfax, it was priced competitively with hotels like a Hampton Inn property, a Hilton Garden Inn property, a Sofitel property, and a Residence Inn property. Looking at that, Fairfax is offering tremendous value for money and a hotel with soul, class, and historic charm and character.<br/><br/>I would definitely strongly consider the Fairfax again: while there are other D.C. hotels I'd be interested in trying (Capella, Mandarin Oriental come to mind), Fairfax is delivering unmatched value for a luxury stay, and that is a very compelling reason to return. 
222995443	 Would I go there again? Maybe.<br/><br/>If you have shopping genes you will feel at home.<br/>My jeans did not fit in too well to the luxury looking internal decoration.<br/>The staff was friendly, but not in a way to make you feel at home.<br/><br/>All was clean and the breakfast was nice.<br/><br/>Location was great. Subway very close by and lots of restaurants.<br/><br/>Everything cost extra here. WiFi, Breakfast, Parking etc.<br/><br/>We had ordered a room for 3 teenage kids and 2 adults. The room we got was too small for the kids and the room had a view towards a wall... yak.<br/>After complaining about the small bed we were offered a very nice large room with street view to two sides and a bed that was sufficient - but first after two nights in the small room.<br/>Tip: Email or phone the hotel before order to avoid too small beds. 
127312357	 The Fairfax is a lovely elegant hotel right at DuPont Circle, and conveniently located within the heart of DC. Service was excellent (there were actually two men at the door to open both doors for you!), and the decor is traditional without being too heavy. You definitely have a sense of place at the Fairfax, with paintings and decorations reflecting its location in the heart of the Capitol. My room was comfortable, large, and welcoming, and the amenities in the bathroom were from an upscale French brand. Room service was on time, well presented, and delicious. When it was time to leave, they were able to quickly hail a cab for us, capping off a perfect stay. 
127145869	 We stayed at the Fairfax for three nights and were very pleased with our experience. The lobby is pleasant, inviting , and classy-- gorgeous floral arrangements. Unlike many other hotels, we suffered no long waits (pet peeve!) -- or even short waits --for an elevator although the hotel had plenty of guests.<br/><br/>Our room was on the small size but very comfortable. Everything was clean and updated. The bathroom was quite luxurious and well stocked with toiletries. Nice street view from the window; the embassy neighborhood is lovely. It was one of the quietest hotel rooms I have ever stayed in.<br/><br/>We got a good deal on the price by booking through the hotel. They were running a &quot;birth date&quot; promotion. <br/><br/>The staff/service were top notch. There seemed to be at least 3 -4 door men/porters in the lobby at all times. Everyone &quot;snapped-to&quot; whenever a guest appeared. We were impressed; we've been other places where you have to practically beg for attention! 
127066690	 Just finished an overnight at the Fairfax at Embassy Row in Washington, DC. First time we've stayed there. Great location -- less than two blocks from the Metro stop at DuPont Circle, which, in itself, is a lively, interesting neighborhood area with good dining and shopping options. (Five stops on the Red Line from Union Station.)<br/><br/>The hotel is located across the street from the Phillips Collection (Impressionist and other paintings -- don't miss Renoir's &quot;The Boaters' Lunch&quot;). The Woodrow Wilson House (last 35 months of his life after leaving the White House) is a short walk and is worthwhile for history buffs. MANY embassies are in the area, with the Indonesian, Indian and Moroccan very close. A fine statue of Ghandi is across from the hotel and the Order of Cincinnati (Officers of the American Revolution) is nearby, too.<br/><br/>This is a fine old hotels with solid wood paneling everywhere. Bright, sparkling clean, well maintained, very tasteful and up-to-date. <br/><br/>We booked online a non-smoking room with a king-size bed. ($169; taxes took it to $193.) Everything was in order when we checked in. No hassel. Staff was very welcoming throughout the stay. Plenty of help if needed, including a knowledgeable concierge.<br/><br/>The Room was large. Beauful decor and furnishings. Large enough flat screen TV that swivels. Comfy bathrobe waiting in the closet. Super bathroom.<br/><br/>On checking out in the morning the front desk was happy to keep our bags while we visited various sites. There was no charge, but we gave the bellman a nice tip, of course.<br/><br/>There is a restaurant in the hotel, but we didn't eat in, so I can't report. <br/><br/>Minor complaints: TV remote has no Sleep Timer; $13 to use WiFi (totally inappropriate for a hotel of this calibre).<br/><br/>Would definitely go again and use this fine hotel. 
126774532	 Very nice property. I had a grand deluxe room on the 6th floor with a very pretty view of Connecticut ave. The staff were very cheery and helpful. The bar is very classy.<br/><br/>I have a couple minor complaints:<br/>1) They only bring bottled water to the room during turn-down. I really wanted some water when I checked in and there was none. So I went for the mini bar...<br/>2) ...which brings me to point #2, the mini bar is empty. It contains only a tented sign saying that if i want something I should call down to room service/front desk. Not having even one bottle of water in the room prior to turn-down is unacceptable. Also, I was kind of annoyed at the empty fridge masquerading as a mini-bar.<br/>3) Parking was nearly $50 a night.<br/><br/>That said, I would certainly stay here again. 
126745125	 The hotel is 2 blocks away from Dupont Circle, a very nice neighborhood. Though the prices of that hotel is pricey but if you check 3rd party book sites, you will find good deals. I would not recommend you book directly with the hotel. Expecia didn't appear to give me good deal either. I found the reduced price at booking.com and venere.com. When you do make the reservation, this is something you want to keep in your mind.<br/><br/>There are a lot of nice restaurants around Dupont Circle. Also if you want to eat on budget, there are a lot of great eateries on Connecticut Ave, which are very popular among locals and especially youngsters. <br/><br/>A CSV grocery story is also nearby, which is open for 24 hours for your convenience.<br/><br/>For Internet access, if you do not want to use expensive hotel option, starbucks is also within walking distance and I brought my ipad there for all my online needs.<br/><br/>You can go almost anywhere from Dupont Metro Station. For Georgetown, which Metro subway does not go to, you can take DC circulator bus. It is on the other side of Dupont Circle on Connecticut Street (toward southeast), you can get on bus and pay $1 (exact change please). The bus will take you to the heart of M Street in Georgetown, a wonderful place for shopping and restaurant. <br/><br/>Night time, if you want to go out and have fun. Popular 18th street lounge is also very nearby on Connecticut street, plus other bars.<br/><br/>Overall, the hotel is nice, clean and especially friendly staff. The only thing is it is expensive. Well all hotels in DC appear to be expensive anyway. Just keep in mind that you should shop around. But I highly recommend this hotel. <br/><br/>One note: if you travel with a family, the typical king size room might be very small. it is actually a lot smaller than a typical Hilton hotel king size bedroom. That is the only thing. But since I travel solo, I do not mind. 
126678455	 Great hotel 2 blocks off Dupont Circle, helpful staff - Josh at the front desk was great, comfy large rooms, everything you'd look for in either a business or vacation stay. 
121869185	 A great location on DuPont circle one block from the metro. Cleanliness in the rooms can be an issue however, with enough dust/dirt on the furniture and in the ceiling mouldings to set off an asthma attack. 
121767003	 I stayed at the Fairfax for almost three weeks while waiting for my apartment to be ready when I moved to DC.<br/><br/>I love the older architecture and elegance of this hotel. It is not fancy and shiny and bright like many of the newer hotels. It's classy, subdued and refined. My room overlooking the Indian Embassy was spotlessly clean, spacious and comfortable. The bathroom was large, well appointed, very well lit (that's big with me) and had great water pressure. <br/><br/>I ate often in the smaller bar/lounge restaurant (I'm sorry but I can't remember the name) and the staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. Try the steak sandwich, it was phenomenal.<br/><br/>The hotel's proximity to Dupont Circle is a big plus. It's only two blocks to the Metro and within blocks of dozens of great restaurants, clubs and shops.<br/><br/>I definitely recommend this hotel for business, solo or couples travel. 
121735191	 The Fairfax is quite a nice hotel with a pretty good location very close to Dupont Circle. My room was large and had a nice desk, although I had a report from a colleague that his room did not have a desk. The hotel was reasonably priced, but we were there as part of a group. The bathroom was quite nice as well and the hotel has bathrobes -- far too often omitted from hotel rooms these days.<br/><br/>One thing is for certain: You won't forget you are in D.C. Pictures of city landmarks are all over the rooms and corridors. 
121701620	 I have stayed at this hotel at least one each of the past five years on business because an event is held there. With each year, I have grown more and more disappointed. The hotel is a perfectly adequate 3-star business &quot;boutique&quot; hotel. The staff is VERY friendly but inefficient... they just can't seem to get their act together, always fumbling around and taking a very long time to respond to even the simplist requests. The furnishings and finishings are showing great wear and the walls are PAPER thin. <br/><br/>I will say that the bar/lounge is a real treat and the food throughout (restaurant, bar/lounge and event catering) is fantastic.<br/><br/>Overall, the hotel is certainly clean and comfortable and, with it's prime location, it is a solid choice for mid-level business travelers. However, it's &quot;Luxury Collection&quot; banner is misleading -- this hotel is a solid three-star business hotel, but travelers seeking elegence ought to look to one of the many better options in the area with equally good locations. Starwood loyalists will do much better at the far superior Westin Georgetown just around the corner. 
121570890	 The Hotel is OK, what I would expect for a 4 1/2 star Hotel. My only complain is that front desk was now aware that I did not have a working safe at my room. When I asked for safe key they insisted that I should program it with the numbers, after 2 days comeone came from maintainace and said, OK you do not have a working safe (he did not know either). Other thing was they charge extra for wifi in the room (with the price they charge for the room they do not need to). Restaurant and Bar are OK but more expensive than similar nereby. Otherwise very good hotel for a business trip. 
121496756	 My husband and I stayed with our 9 year old for two nights in early December 2011. <br/><br/>The room we had was lovely. We were on the 5th Floor with a Massachusetts Ave view. We opted for a king bed Superior room and requested a rollaway for our child. The room was certainly large enough to handle the rollaway without feeling crowded and the rollaway was one of the most comfortable I have seen in a while. <br/><br/>While the room was nice, te most exceptional thing about the stay was actually the bathroom. There was deep soaker tub and powerful (with easy temperature control) shower. I think it was the best hotel bathroom I have seen since we stayed in a suite at the Hotel Du Louvre in Paris two years ago. <br/><br/>The check in went smoothly as did check out. We used the valet parking services and although it is a bit expensive the car was delivered promptly each time we called for it. We did not dine in the hotel so I can't offer any comment on room service or the 2100 Prime Restaruant. <br/><br/>Perhaps the best endorsement however is the fact that my husband, who travels to Washington 10 or more times a year, has announced that this is his new hotel! <br/><br/>We would definitely recommend The Fairfax at Embassy Row. 
122512448	 We stayed at the Fairfax Embassy Row for a few nights over the Fourth of July. The location just off of Dupont Circle was great in that it allowed us to get away from the crowds at the end of the day. You are a quick Metro ride down to the mall, and the Dupont Circle neighborhood has some nice little resturants. The hotel itself was very nice, and all of the staff was very welcoming and helpful. If you have a car, parking can be a challenge. The hotel offers valet service, but it is rather spendy. On the night that we had a car, the doorman actually pointed us to an open spot on the street allowing us to save the $30+ valet charge. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay away from the mall. 
122484358	 Someone once said that the Best Time about a Trip is Going Home ... Not so as far as We are concerned! We loved staying at the Fairfax at Embassy Row Hotel. <br/><br/>The hotel service was grand from the Front Desk personnel to the Concierge to the Front Doorman and Valet.<br/><br/>2100 Prime’s (formerly the Jockey Club) lounge area was charming as well as nostalgic. Sipped many a “good cheer” drinks created by George and Raul.<br/><br/>The hotel room (Junior Suite) was roomy and enchanting plus very quiet!<br/><br/>Yummy food especially the Chocolate Raspberry Mouse … Manhattans were delectable as well. Please check out our pictures!<br/><br/>Have Bear Will Travel 
122420825	 From the moment the doorman greeted us we felt welcome and at home. The Fairfax provided many nice extra touches: fresh ice in the bucket every day, bottled water at night, free newspaper and more. We like the location very much and totally enjoyed our stay. I do recommend that visitors avoid the steep parking price and park their car elsewhere. There are garages and street parking nearby. 
122374305	 We stayed here for New Year's Eve. We arrived early intending only to leave our luggage but they were able to check us in immediately. The hotel is well situated for walking around Dupont Circle and on into DC and is very close to the Metro. The hotel itself is indeed traditional in its decor. Our room was good with a view of the Washington Monument. An additional chair in the room would have been helpful. I would also suggest a towel rail in the bathroom. Otherwise we were well pleased with all aspects of the hotel and the friendliness of the staff. 
122327031	 this hotel shines when it comes to service. Rooms are small but well appointed. If you like traditional decor you are in the right place. Don't expect to find a pool. The parking is quite expensive @ $40 a day. The location is very good and there are lots of small affordable places to dine in the area. 
121982298	 The Fairfax is located just off DuPont Circle. If you know DC at all, Dupont Circle is very centrally located and has many dining options nearby. It is probably my favorite area of Washington, DC. Unfortunately, it is not immediately close to the mall. Thus, if you purpose is to visit the tourist attractions in the area, this may not be the best location.<br/><br/>The hotel itself feels intimate. The rooms were nicely furnished and the staff was helpful. It appears that this hotel primarily caters to expatriates from the nearby embassies, but there were also some tourists attending the Army-Navy game. All in all, a nice experience. 
164059651	 Stayed for the first time at the Fairfax, it is discrete, elegant and low to no fuss hotel. Competent staff with comfortable, clean well appointed rooms in a great location. DC can be a hard place to find a decent hide away. A good bar, good restaurant - somewhat unimaginative breakfast (but Fine). <br/><br/>All in all - recommended 
163705782	 Beautiful old hotel with great service and a great location. Classic DC. The restaurant, 2100 Prime, was incredible!! One of the most unforgettable meals I've ever had - anywhere - and well worth the price. And, again, the best service. They really make you feel special from the moment you walk in. Can't wait to go back someday. Nice little Sunday farmer's market within walking distance as well as one of my favorite breakfast places. Close to Dupont Circle. Perfect place to stay. Can only imagine how amazing a wedding there would be as they have a separate entrance for that part of the hotel where the ballroom is located. 
162755970	 I just returned from a business trip in Washington, where I spent 4 nights at the Fairfax. This is an overall good hotel, with good service in a great location. The rooms are comfortable and spacious, although the bathrooms are a little dated and could use a little reburbishing. The restaurant is pleasant enough,,and breakfast was OK. The staff really makes the difference, and were all superb. The concierge managed to resolve a huge problem I had with luggage, and she did so with great expertise, efficiency and with a beautiful smile to boot! Special thanks go out to her. The location of the hotel couldn't be' better. Just a few minutes away from Dupont Circle, and close to many embassies. also just a short cab ride to many of the city's main attractions. The Fairfax is definitely a competitive hotel in its category, comes at a fair price and I would probably stay there again. 
162752984	 Recently stayed one night on business. Easy trip by Metro from Reagan to the Fairfax. Despite a very early arrival, my room was available, and all staff were extremely helpful. Room was very comfortable. I'd probably have gone to excellent had I had the chance to use more of the facilities/amenities. For example, I didn't have the chance to try the restaurant or bar. All that said, I felt I received full value for my money, and would stay at the Fairfax again. 
162745454	 We have stayed at this property before and were delighted with the service. This stay was not the same. We did not have hot water for a shower one morning. It would have been nice if they would have given us some time frame for when it might be corrected but they did not. That same day, we were gone from morning until after 8 pm and we came back to a room that had never been made up. The location of the hotel is great but I would certainly be reluctant to stay again when there are so many excellent hotels in DC. 
162500860	 Staff were very helpful at all times. The hotel is very nice and clean. Centrally located and a metro stop just up the road. Rooms had a nice decor and the beds were comfy. wi-fi was available for free in the lobby. 
